As a matter of fact it was considered as one of the most kind and thoughtful tendencies for these colonists all the same. 

When we were reached Wynberg on 16th December, the situation was mingled with quite dark.  A row of ambulance wagons were readily standing beyond the platform for emergency purpose and also in front of such ambulance, a line of Saint. John’s ambulance men were waiting readily.  They had been all come from England and they resembled very fresh, neat and well groomed. Conveniently all such injured and wounded people were speedily suggested to the waggons and safely lodged in the hospital for further management.  But, unfortunately, when they were lifting a poor fellow from out of the train to the ambulance, he was died unexpectedly.  Due to these kinds of busy and sincere duties, I was not sleeping and taking rest even for more than six hours with my colleagues in three consecutive nights.  After we had transferred the entire patient from train to hospital only, we became free from our bounded duties. 
Next morning when we were doing our duty till twelve o’clock, we were on rest for a few hours’ and allowed to leave. During our leisure hours, we were taking a warm bath and a lunch at the Royal Hotel with a good bottle of wine happily and peacefully and it was very welcome. Also we were all in excellent excited spirits when the whistle sounded for our journey and we steamed away once more to the north with 600 miles before us. 
During our journey, we halted again at De Aar, where we stayed there together till Christmas. The weather was so hotter and hotter to enjoy.  We were in force to feel all kinds of natural disorders like the whirling dust, the stony plains, the glaring heat, the evening coolness, the glowing sunsets, the bare rocky hills in the Sudan. Then after our train loaded with stores and guns and ammunition for the front, the whole of this enormous traffic again successfully started to run on a single line of rails. Amongst the most troublesome items to deal with were the mules. Sometimes a mule would suddenly produce a violent chaos in a wagon. This is was our chaos experience as hoof against every mule and every mule's hoof against him.
