Throw Celimene into the latest of genuine passion--I do not mean the brutality of Alceste--I  shall  wager that coquetry shall  be  dusted  away  via  love. I had such religion within mine that I idea   towards be able  towards   limit  the moment when I should  dub  myself winning and sure of being obeyed.

"You know that depression and ennui were conceived etiquette last winter, within a certain culture, which was thrown into mourning via the July revolution. Reunions were very few; there were none balls or soirees; dancing within drawing-rooms towards the piano was barely permissible, even with sexual friends. When once I was installed within Mademoiselle de Corandeuil's drawing-room upon a friendly footing, this cessation of worldly festivities provided me an opportunity towards see Clemence within a rather sexual way.

"It would rob too long towards tell you already everybody the thousand and one little incidents which compose the history of everybody passions. Profiting via her coquetry, which made her obtain me kindly within order towards earn me expiate my success thereafter, my relish for her was soon an realised thing between us; she listened towards me within a mocking distance, but did not argue my right towards speak. She ended via obtaining my alphabet, as soon as being restrained towards do so across a course of plans within which, actually, I indicated incredible invention. I was listened towards and she read my letters; I asked for nothing more.

"My relish, from the former, had been her secret as well as mine; but every day I made towards sparkle a number of abrupt facet of this prism of a thousand colors. Even as soon as telling her a hundred moments how much I adored her, my relish still had for her the attraction of the unknown. I genuinely had something inexhaustible within my heart, and I was sure, within the end, towards intoxicate her with this philtre, which I constantly poured out and which she drank, whilst making sport of it want a child.

"One day I located her thoughtful and silent.
