Of course, this is for every one the same, and thus perfectly fair. It does now, however, tend to the style of play being elevated.

But, the difficulty of judging appears to be the great difficulty at these competitions. And let me state first of all that finding possible faults with any individual judge is not my intention. I believe, being English, they are above suspicion; it wouldn't be fair for me to impugn their honesty if truely they weren't, especcially since i'm sometimes a competitor myself. No matter what the athlete does, my advice for him would be to keep faith in judges. Or i would maintain a stoical silence if he wouldn't exactly agree with them.

For the benefit of judges and the judged alike, which are testing quickness of the umpires and their eyesight almost as much as those of the competitors, all i would suggest is that there should be some definite code of scoring established amongst the different schools-of-arms in England and that they should be recognized as well.

To apply such scoring they would have to have a great plan of chalking the sticks from competitors at the Military Tournament. A mark on the jacket is the precaution that's ensured every time the ash-plant hits it; it's not always enough though, for a hard cut with a pliant stick's quite the possibility for a true guard to be opposed with. In that case, the result would be that a nark that should not have scored would be left and the result of the attacker's stick would be whipping over, simply because it could not have happened if the weapons had been made of steel.

One of the three judges in the ring, however, would normally have to detect this point.

This raises the question in players' minds that it's more a question of timing and countering as it's a small point like this.

To explain with an example: If athletes A and B were to attack together, directly and hit home at exact the same time, it's usually the rule that they made a counter hit and that neither of them would have scored.
