But at the same time, this is sure that serious hassles will not be waiting to influence the church when they spread all over the church continuously.  Moreover, probably if the church is aiming to curtail its social contact from the reformation, then there is no guarantee that the nation’s continuous and constant support will be given to the church. Even though the conversations in England about Catholicism had been exaggerating extremely, since they are very numerous in numbers, there is no need to be surprised as it should be so.  Suppose if the Church of Rome is ready to grant its Protestantism constantly and continuously to her pulpits, if there is any possible chance for following protestant types of worship and character, they will certainly become familiar among habitants with great sense of admiration.  But as a matter of fact,   there will be a little bit of doubt that many of her worshippers will be shaken. Suppose, if the Church of England becomes common in what it already is following in some of its churches, it will not be probably agreed with the English public opinion and they will become somewhat privileged in its position in the State.  Bye the bye, if a protestant church is becoming ceased, then it will not be remaining as an established one for a longer period. And due to such cancellation of recognition, they will be certainly indulged with some kind of disruptions and its general opinions will be further sharply defined.  Moreover, its liberty of belief and the spirit of compromise to feature our English religious life will be seriously damages certainly. 
FOOTNOTES: 
[58] Alciphron, 6th Dialogue. 
[59] Nalsons's Collections, i. 769, 9th  February 1640. 
[60] Autobiography of Isaac Williams, p. 132. This letter was written in 1863. 
CHAPTER XII 
The Management of Character 
Among all of the above tasks set before man in life, the education and management of his character has been considered as an essential thing.  These also have to be importantly followed. For following that in a successful manner, it is always advisable to take survey carefully on his tendencies. Being frank through a kind of self deception will not give a better result and they will certainly try to conceal errors and Excellencies.  By the help of impartial pessimism there are no possible chances to promote his powers for good hopefully.
