1242. Innocent IV. 

In fact the crusading spirit had not yet been passed away. Even then, it has been diverting by the popes. The champions of the cross for battling with Europeans instead of Muslims of Palestine had been sent by these popes only.   

During that time, william Longespee, the son of Fair Rosamond was living as an enthusiastic crusader in the east.  Actually he has been lived with Coeur de Lion in the Holy Land.  Again in 1219 he had been forced to take the cross and he has been battled an expedition.  This expedition was actually led by jean de Brienne who was the titular King of Jerusalem and a French Knight.  He was husband of Marie who was the daughter of Isabelle.  Isabelle has been in the throne of Jerusalem also.    By his guidance, a battle had been started in to the enemy’s quarters and they have attacked the Saracens in Egypt.  They were controlling their force with a number of crusaders to siege Damietta.    The ruling sultan Malek el Kamel started to march to its relief and he encamped at Mansourah, the delta of the Nile River.  They had been fought with these severe battles without knowing about victory. Even thoug he tried to assist the garrison, he failed to do so and after severe fight with them for more than fifteen months, they have surrendered.   The state has become so unhappy in each and every aspects and it had been fully packed with full of hunger and disease. Even Christians also had been suffering from severe kind of ailments and they were also helpless to dare to enter.  As prisoners, they could not enjoy their li8berty and they had been additionally encountered the risk of cleansing it and faced a lot of dreadful situations including demises.   

Even though finally they had been remained and encamped outside, the sultan Malek el Kamel was severely watching them from Mansourah.  There he was residing in his permanent built houses and formed his camp into a town.  Also they had been expecting all kinds of assistances from the natural defender of Egypt, the Nile. They were in due time raised and were very busy in the whole Christian camp and washed away the stores.  Due to their kindly and timely help, the troops started to recover slowly from their sickness.  They were living in a flood like the water, mud ankle-deep and with currents of deeper water rushing in all directions.  So they had been getting more chances to be drowned without their knowledge.  Also they had been faced so many kind of dreadful diseases.  This hell situation was continued till Jean de Brienne was obliged to go and treat with the sultan.
