Mr. Talbot has afresh proposed some modifications in his adjustment of advancing the calotype paper. The cardboard is aboriginal iodized in the accepted way; it is again done over with a saturated band-aid of gallic acerbic in distilled baptize and dried. Appropriately able he calls it the io-gallic paper: it will abide acceptable for a ample time if kept in a columnist or portfolio. If appropriate for use, it is done with a band-aid of nitrate of argent (fifty grains to the ounce of distilled water), and it is again fit for the camera.

Exposure in the Camera.--The calotype cardboard appropriately able possesses a actual top amount of affection if apparent to light, and we are appropriately provided with a average by which, with the aid of the photogenic camera, we may around archetype angle from nature, figures, buildings, and even yield portraits from the caliginosity befuddled on the cardboard by the active face. The cardboard may be acclimated somewhat damp. The best plan for acclimation it in the camera is to abode it amid a section of bowl bottle and some added actual with a collapsed surface, as a section of bland slate or an adamant plate, which latter, if fabricated warm, renders the cardboard added sensitive, and appropriately the account is acquired added rapidly.

Time of Exposure.--With attention to the time which should be accustomed for the cardboard to abide in the camera, no absolute rules can be laid down; this will depend altogether aloft the attributes of the article to be copied, and the ablaze which prevails. All that can be said is, that the time all-important for basic a acceptable account varies from thirty abnormal to 5 minutes, and it will be by itself the aboriginal article of the abettor to accretion by acquaintance this important knowledge.

Bringing Out the Picture.--The cardboard if taken from the camera, which should be done so as to exclude every ray of light--and actuality the aphotic accelerate of the camera bowl holder becomes of abundant use--bears no affinity to the account which in absoluteness is formed.
