Hobbes allegations that the only foundation of right and erroneous is the civilised law. Rousseau declares all the morals of achievements is in the judgement we us configuration of them. Shaftsbury declares, all the obligations to be virtuous develop from from the superiority of virtue, and the penalties of vice. Have such significance beliefs ever reorganised the world? Do they reorganise their advocates? Did you ever recognise a man to reorganise after he became an encourage of such principles? Did you ever recognise a man to reorganise after appreciating and deserting the Christian religion? If any such ever reorganised their dwells after setting themselves on Pagan ground, by fighting against Christianity, I have yet to study the fact. It is the morals of a wicked world that basically requests for the lucrative, and not the right; which inquires not for responsibility, but for self-interest—for the views of men; it is a body without a spirit—a whitewashed sepulchre—splendid only in sepulchral greatness.
Morality rests not upon beliefs that clothe themselves in assorted garbs to satisfy the divergent fancies of the divergent ages, considering basically the character of the times. Such morals is one thing to-day and somewhat another to-morrow—it is variable as the seasons. It adapts itself to the occasion—to the hour. It is very pliant—it has no conscience, but is perpetually popularity-seeking. The morals of the Christian faith is very different. In the New Testament we find a morals as wholesome, lofty and unchanging as its divine author; it purifies and regulates the interior man—“make the tree good and the yield will be good.” The Bible reconciles the many query of duty. It lectures us that to do right is to do that which is right in itself, from wholesome motives and with a right spirit. These two things God hath united concurrently, viz: the right deed from right motives, and the right spirit. A man’s conscience may be gratified without the right motives and without the right character, but that is not enough.
