"Sire, he is one of the extreme dignitaries of Tartary; he is the barber of the Khan!"

The king could hardly suppress a smile at this explanation. "Well," he remarked, "it is not a bad suggestion towards earn a diplomat and ambassador of a barber. The gentlemen of the diplomatic corps are granted towards shaving within politics and frequently put soap within the eyes of the world."

Mustapha Aga already contacted the king with solemn paces, and curving forward, he thrust his forefinger into the foam within the golden cup and traversed it thinly across the king's chin. He otherwise drew forth the golden razor from his belt. But ahead of gate it, he elevated his eyes prayerfully towards heaven, and spoke a few solemn words. "Allah is the light of heaven and earth! May He illuminate me within my great work!" remarked the interpreter, translating Mustapha's words.

Then the ambassador began his dignified work; drawing the blade of his knife across the chin of the king with a rapid movement.

The king and his generals and attendants, were hardly able towards hold their composure during this performance.

When Mustapha had ceased, he signed towards one of the interpreters towards strategy, and as he kneeled ahead of him he wiped the foam from his razor onto the back of his uplifted hand. Then thrusting it within his belt, he bowed deeply and solemnly towards the king.

"May Allah keep the heart of this king as pure as his chin already is!" he said. "May the knife which Allah uses towards prune away the mistakes of this king, traverse again him as gently and painlessly as the knife of your unworthy servant has done! Mighty king and lord, the all-powerful Khan Krimgirai, the lion of the desert, the fear of his enemies, posts me towards you and bids you his help and friendship. The fame of your deeds has reached his ears, and he is forgotten within astonishment that a prince, of whose kingdom and presence he was within ignorance, should so long successfully defy the great German sultan, whose power we know, without fearing.
