The guru spirits in unbelief give abundant established items of their ignorance of the scriptures of the Bible. Not one in a 1000 ever examined the scriptures of the Bible with wholesome and honourable motives. Many have not ever examined it at all. To read a phase here and there for the sole intent of finding clear fault and getting up a annoyance, is not investigation. An honourable examination demands a very divergent course. All the established items ought be fetched into the court and submitted in such a fashion as to be comprehended, just as it was bestowed, then the court is not certified to make a determination righteously in the case. That all such men as Col. Ingersoll have failed to hence examine the Bible is noticeable from the item that they, to be like him, ought be infidels in all their history. It is issued to the world that the Colonel was born an infidel. He has been hacking away at faith and the Bible ever since he was a tiny boy. So his infidelity is not the effect of an educated examination of either research or religion. I will not undertake to declare what the Colonel's difficulty is, but if he was born an infidel it is probable, as showed by our justice, that he will decease an unbeliever.
Many infidels, administered by a character of fanaticism, undoubtedly, have toiled with as much earnestness as if the world's salvation was reliant upon their efforts, without the slightest expect of bettering its relative standing, for the deceitful point of scenery of materialism which they encourage donates to a man none to inhabit for except his own animal nature. This point of scenery declares all is well as long as you dodge the spiky boundaries of the justice of your country. If the materialist can avert compensating charges, along with all other retributions of the justice of his nation, what need he nurture one course of life in favourite to another? Do you declare he has a conscience? Well, it may be that it is not seared in order that he is past feeling. Very small number men, I recognise, ever arrive at such a depraved condition.
