May copies that still exist in this country is Shown to Be Possible by the FACT (Recorded by Willems) that one year was hip at auction in Belfast. Another was found at Brighton, and occasionally one appears on the London salerooms, As We have Shown. Requires little imagination to picture it merchants and travelers, whose paths led through the Low Countries at that time, slipping copies into Their Pockets or holsters for use in the household across the water. Many of courtly exile During the protectorate, glancing through the bookshops of Amsterdam, must have chanced upon the little volume as a gift for Wife Or daughter.

Numbers, Also, must have found Their way to France. Some years ago our book-hunter happened to stay at the hostel in Rouen ancient year. From the Outside the building was everything that possibly Could Be desired by bibliophile or antiquary. It was situated in one of those quaint narrow Streets that lead back towards the Place Henri Quatre, and the courtyard was so small as scarcely to allow of Baker's book to turn round in it. Like Many of the houses in this ancient town, ITS crookedness was such that it seemed impossible for it to remain standing much longer. Misgivings Arosa Within Him as he ascended the staircase, Which seemed to sway as he avoided the broken treads. But the sight of the bedroom he was to occupy, furnished with such furniture and such to bed, all spotlessly clean and polished, sent Him into the Seventh Heaven of Delight. Could he read and wrote here undisturbed for as long as he Chose to stay. Surely Must Be pleasant surprises in store for one in Every Way in surroundings such as tissue!

Note: Before long it was he got one.

'Monsieur Will Require To Be cooked anything for Him to-night? " inquired the hostess quarter.

It was rather flat and our bookman was disinclined to seek the restaurant. Besides, he was anxious to explore HIS Before it got too dark lodging. An omelette Would Be Delicious, provided SHE Could make one properly.
