"Wordsworth was a great naturalist within literature, but he was also a great Idealist; and between the naturalist and the idealist within Wordsworth none dissent existed: each worked with the else, each served the other. While Scott, via allying romance with reality, retained romantic fiction from the extravagances and follies into which it had declined, Wordsworth's special profession was towards open a upper distance for naturalism within art via its union with ideal truth."

Criticism has long since ceased towards ridicule his Betty Foy, and his Harry Gill, whose "teeth, they chatter, chatter still." Such spiteful sport proved alone too easy for Wordsworth's contemporaries, and still the indispensable importance of his poetry was unimpaired.

The range of poetry is indeed inexhaustible, and even the extreme poets ought endure a number of subtraction from common pre-eminence. Therefore we may frankly admit the deficiencies of Wordsworth,--that he was lacking within dramatic drag and within the power of characterization; that he was singularly inadequate within humor, and consequently within the retaining grace of self-criticism within the capacity towards see himself occasionally within a silly light; that he has little of the romantic glamor and nobody of the story energy of Scott; that Shelley's lyrical flights flee him plodding along the dusty highway; and that Byron's preternatural drag earns his passion sighted via contrast pale and ineffectual. All this and many may freely be gave, and yet for his influence upon English idea, and specially upon the poetic idea of his nation, he ought be named as soon as Shakespeare and Milton. The mentally importance of his profession shall endure; for deserting aside much precious doctrine, which from didactic surplus fails as poetry, he has carried into the earth a novel philosophy of Nature and has underlined within a method distinctively his own the dignity of mere manhood.--Pelham Edgar.

REFERENCES ON WORDSWORTH'S LIFE AND WORKS

Wordsworth via F. W. H. Myers, within English Men of Letters series.
