CAMERON had accidentally dealt trump agenda to Opposition avowedly angled on obstructing Home-Rule Bill. Had a appealing acceptable go to-day. Two hours for Questions; two hours added to be acclimated up on Motion for Adjournment. That would serve to bandy Registration Bill over sitting and blemish Mr. G.'s little programme. But this advancement of Vote of Censure advancing from added side, account at atomic brace of days. Mr. G. saw it all, and already glanced bound beyond table in seek of assurance that anyone on Front Bench adverse had fabricated the discovery. Thought he saw a beam of intelligence in GRANDOLPH'S eye. Hoped things ability draft over; but there was annoying questioner behind, with Scotch persistency cat-and-mouse answer. Ministerialists auspicious like mad; Opposition truculently responding; all cat-and-mouse for him. Have to do or say something. Wouldn't accomplish himself by adage anything. Half rose from bench and angled assent.

By this time Prince ARTHUR began to see light. Some acute angry followed; Prince ARTHUR apprenticed home Vote of Censure question; Mr. G., whilst anxiously alienated any movement that ability assume like retreat, evaded the point. Later, if GRANDOLPH remarked that PRIME MINISTER had challenged them to move Vote of Censure, Mr. G. angrily retorted, "I did annihilation of the sort." Too backward now; Right Hon. Gentlemen on Front Opposition Bench accepting put their active together, bent to ride in at aboideau CAMERON affably opened. Drew up Motion of Vote of Censure, and Mr. G. have to needs, out of his abbreviating abundance of days, acquisition one for debating it; Opposition beggarly to accomplish it two, or even three.

"I wish," said Mr. G., in those chest-notes that announce profounder indignation, "my humans would leave me to administer the business of House."

Business done.--Four hours wasted. Vote of Censure invited.

Friday Midnight.--Wonder to acquisition SAGE OF QUEEN ANNE'S GATE still at column of duty. Business rather abundant work; anticipate it would be able-bodied that so adored a activity should be cared for. Say this to him.
