CAMERON had unwittingly dealt trump card to Opposition avowedly bent on obstructing
Home-Rule Bill. Had a pretty good go to-day. Two hours for Questions; two hours more to be
used up on Motion for Adjournment. That would serve to throw Registration Bill over sitting
and spoil Mr. G.'s little programme. But this suggestion of Vote of Censure coming from other
side, worth at least couple of days. Mr. G. saw it all, and once glanced quickly across table
in search of sign that anyone on Front Bench opposite had made the discovery. Thought he saw
a gleam of intelligence in GRANDOLPH'S eye. Hoped things might blow over; but there was inconvenient
questioner behind, with Scotch persistency waiting answer. Ministerialists cheering like mad;
Opposition truculently responding; all waiting for him. Must do or say something. Wouldn't
commit himself by saying anything. Half rose from seat and bowed assent.

By this time Prince ARTHUR began to see light. Some smart fencing followed; Prince ARTHUR pressed
home Vote of Censure question; Mr. G., whilst carefully avoiding any movement that might seem
like retreat, evaded the point. Later, when GRANDOLPH remarked that PRIME MINISTER had challenged
them to move Vote of Censure, Mr. G. angrily retorted, "I did nothing of the sort." Too late
now; Right Hon. Gentlemen on Front Opposition Bench having put their heads together, determined
to ride in at gate CAMERON obligingly opened. Drew up Motion of Vote of Censure, and Mr. G.
must needs, out of his diminishing hoard of days, find one for debating it; Opposition mean
to make it two, or even three.

"I wish," said Mr. G., in those chest-notes that indicate profounder indignation, "my people
would leave me to manage the business of House."

Business done.--Four hours wasted. Vote of Censure invited.

Friday Midnight.--Wonder to find SAGE OF QUEEN ANNE'S GATE still at post of duty. Business
rather heavy work; think it would be well that so precious a life should be cared for. Say
this to him.
