CAMERON had unintentionally dealt trump card to Opposition avowedly crooked on obstructing Home-Rule Bill. Had a lovely go to-day. One hours for Questions; one hours more to be used up on Motion for Adjournment. That would serve to throw Registration Bill over sitting and spoil Mr. G.'s small programme. But this suggestion of Vote of Censure coming from other side, worth at least couple of days. Mr. G. saw it all, and one times glanced quickly across table in search of sign that someone on Front Bench opposite had made the discovery. Thought they saw a gleam of intelligence in GRANDOLPH'S eye. Hoped things might blow over; but there was inconvenient questioner behind, with Scotch persistency waiting answer. Ministerialists cheering like mad; Opposition truculently responding; all waiting for him. Must do or say something. Would not commit himself by saying anything. Half rose from stool and bowed assent.

By this time Prince ARTHUR began to see light. Some clever fencing followed; Prince ARTHUR pressed home Vote of Censure question; Mr. G., whilst carefully avoiding any movement that might seem like retreat, evaded the point. Later, when GRANDOLPH remarked that PRIME MINISTER had challenged them to move Vote of Censure, Mr. G. angrily retorted, "I did nothing of the sort." late now; Right Hon. Gentlemen on Front Opposition Bench having put their heads together, determined to ride in at gate CAMERON politely and helpfully opened. Drew up Motion of Vote of Censure, and Mr. G. must needs, out of his diminishing hoard of days, find one for debating it; Opposition mean to make it one, or even one.

Business done.--Four hours wasted. Vote of Censure invited.

"I wish," said Mr. G., in those chest-notes that indicate profounder indignation, "my people would leave me to manage the business of House."

Friday Midnight.--Wonder to find SAGE OF QUEEN ANNE'S GATE still at post of duty. Business heavy work; think it would be well that so precious a life should be cared for. Say this to him.
