The people thus gathered from different places soon
grew very numerous. And the citizens of Utica, an African city about fifteen miles distant,
considering them as their countrymen, as descended from the same common stock, advised them
to build a city where they had settled. The other natives of the country, from their natural
esteem and respect for strangers, likewise encouraged them to the same object. Thus all things
conspiring with Dido's views, she built her city, which was appointed to pay in annual tribute
to the Africans for the ground it stood upon, and called it Carthage--a name that in the Phoenician
and Hebrew languages, [which have a great affinity,] signifies the "New City." It is said that
in digging the foundation, a horse's head was found, which was thought to be a good omen, and
a presage of the future warlike genius of that people. Carthage had the same language and national
character as its parent state--Tyre. It became at length, particularly at the period of the
Punic War, one of the most splendid cities in the world, and had under its dominion 300 cities
bordering upon the Mediterranean. From the small beginning we have described, Carthage increased
till her population numbered 700,000, and the number of her temples and other public buildings
was immense. Her dominion was not long confined to Africa. Her ambitious inhabitants extended
their conquest into Europe, by invading Sardinia, seizing a great part of Sicily, and subduing
almost all of Spain. Having sent powerful colonies everywhere, they enjoyed the empire of the
seas for more than six hundred years and formed a State which was able to dispute pre-eminence
with the greatest empire of the world, by their wealth, their commerce, their numerous armies,
their formidable fleets, and above all by the courage and ability of their commanders, and
she extended her commerce over every part of the known world. A colony of Phoenicians or Ethiopians,
known in Scripture as Canaanites, settled in Carthage.
