For example, there is the iron atom, the copper atom, the
sulphur atom and so on. Some of these atoms you ought to know and so, before telling you more
of how atoms are formed by protons and electrons, I am going to write down the names of some
of the atoms which we have in the earth and rocks of our world, in the water of the oceans,
and in the air above.

Start first with air. It is a mixture of several kinds of gases. Each gas is a different kind
of atom. There is just a slight trace of hydrogen and a very small amount of helium and of
some other gases which I won't bother you with learning. Most of the air, however, is nitrogen,
about 78 percent in fact and almost all the rest is oxygen. About 20.8 percent is oxygen so
that all the gases other than these two make up only about 1.2 percent of the atmosphere in
which we live.

The earth and rocks also contain a great deal of oxygen; about 47.3 percent of the atoms which
form earth and rocks are oxygen atoms. About half of the rest of the atoms are of a kind called
silicon. Sand is made up of atoms of silicon and oxygen and you know how much sand there is.
About 27.7 percent of the earth and its rocks is silicon. The next most important kind of atom
in the earth is aluminum and after that iron and then calcium. Here is the way they run in
percentages: Aluminum 7.8 percent; iron 4.5 percent; calcium 3.5 percent; sodium 2.4 percent;
potassium 2.4 percent; magnesium 2.2 percent. Besides these which are most important there
is about 0.2 percent of hydrogen and the same amount of carbon. Then there is a little phosphorus,
a little sulphur, a little fluorine, and small amounts of all of the rest of the different
kinds of atoms.

Sea water is mostly oxygen and hydrogen, about 85.8 percent of oxygen and 10.7 percent of hydrogen.
That is what you would expect for water is made up of molecules which in turn are formed by
two atoms of hydrogen and one atom of oxygen. The oxygen atom is about sixteen times as heavy
as the hydrogen atom.
