There are iron atoms, copper atoms, sulphur atoms, etc, for instance. There are some atoms that you should already know, so before delving into how atoms are made out of protons and electrons, here are some of the names of the atoms that exist in the ground and rocks, water bodies such as oceans and rivers, and the air around on here on Earth.

Let us begin with exmaining what is in the air. Air consists of many different types of gaseous matter of which each gas is made up of different atoms from another gas.There are small amounts of hydrogen and an even smaller amount of helium in the air, there are many other gases that are also of a small amount that are present in the air but will not be dealt with here. A significant portion of the air around us comprises of nitrogen, which is about 78% of the total composition, and oxygen, which is about 20.8%. Thus all other gases besides these two take up the remaining 1.2% of the air that we breathe in daily.

The atoms of the ground beneath our feet also consists of a significant portion of oxygen atoms, about 47.3%. 27.7% of the atoms are Silicon atoms, close to half of the remaining composition. Silicon and Oxygen are the main atomic components of sand, and the prevalence of sand in the ground and around us on this planet attests to the dominance of these two elements in the ground. The other atoms we can find are Aluminum (7.8%); Iron (4.5%); Calcium (3.5%); Sodium (2.4%); Potassium (2.4%) and Magnesium (2.2%). The above elements are the primary types you can find in the ground, but there also is approximately 0.2% hydrogen and a similar percentage of carbon. Phosphorus, sulphur, fluorine and other atomic elements can also be found, but in even smaller degree than the above.

The waters in the oceans and seas are primarily made up of oxygen and hydrogen, which is 85.8% and 10.7% respectively. This should not be a surprise as water molecues are made up of 2 parts hydrogen and 1 part oxygen and the oxygen atom is approximately sixteen times larger in mass that the hydrogen atom.
