
Yet in spite of his youth and his weakness there was nothing in his face or manner that betrayed
fear. His glance was calm and abstracted. He moved forward quietly to the center of the arena,
and there, in the sight of all, he joined his hands together and lifted up his eyes and prayed.

Meanwhile, the tiger moved around as before. He had seen the boy, but the sight had no effect.
He still raised his bloodshot eyes toward the lofty walls and occasionally uttered a savage growl.

The man with the stern sad face looked on with all his soul absorbed in that gaze.

There appeared to be no desire on the part of the tiger to attack the boy, who still continued
praying.

The multitude now grew impatient. Murmurs arose and cries and shouts with the intention of
maddening the tiger and urging him on.

A deep stillness followed. Every one in surprise looked at his neighbor.
    Even so, Lord God Almighty,
    True and righteous are thy judgments!"

But now murmurs and cries and shouts passed around. Soon the cause of the disturbance became known.

"It is an accursed Christian"--"It is the fanatic Cinna"--"He has been confined four days without,
food"--"Bring him out"--"Throw him to the tiger!"

Shouts and execrations arose on high and mingled in one vast roar. The tiger leaped in frenzy
around. The keepers within heard the words of the multitude and hurried to obey.

Soon the gratings opened. The victim was thrust in.

Fearfully emaciated and ghastly pale, he tottered forward with tremulous steps. His eyes had
an unearthly luster, his cheeks a burning flush, and his neglected hair and long beard were
matted in a tangled mass.

The tiger saw him, and came leaping toward him. Then at a little distance away the furious
beast crouched. The boy arose from his knees and looked. But Cinna saw no tiger. He fixed his
eyes on the multitude, and waving his withered arm on high he shouted in the same tone of menace:

"Woe! woe! woe to the inhabitants of the earth--"

His voice was hushed in blood.
