You talked to me about her," I insisted. "Surely you must remember?"

"I remember the conversation perfectly. I didn't explain my meaning as a professor demonstrates
a rule in higher mathematics, but I thought you couldn't help understanding well enough, especially
a vain little thing like you."

"I, vain? Oh!"

"You are, aren't you?"

"I--well, I'm afraid I am, a little."

"You could never have looked in the glass if you weren't. Didn't you see, or guess, that I
was talking about an Ideal whom I had conjured into being, as a desirable companion in that
garden? I can't understand from the way the conversation ran, how you could have helped it.
When I first went to the battlement garden I was several years younger, steeped with the spirit
of Provence and full of thoughts of Nicolete. I was just sentimental enough to imagine that
such a girl as Nicolete was with me there, and always afterward I associated the vision of
the Ideal with that garden. I said to myself, that I should like to come there again with that
Ideal in the flesh. And then--then I did come again--with you."

"But you said--you thought of her always--that because you couldn't have her--or something
of the sort--"

"Well, all that was no surprise to you, was it? You must have known perfectly well--ever since
that night at Avignon when you let your hair down, anyhow, if not before, that I was trying
desperately hard not to be an idiot about you--and not exactly radiant with joy in the thought
that whoever the man was who would get you, it couldn't be I?"

"O-oh!" I breathed a long, heavenly breath, that seemed to let all the sorrows and worries
pour out of my heart, as the air rushed out of my lungs. "O-oh, you can't mean, truly and really,
that you're in love with Me, can you?"

"Surely it isn't news to you."

"I should think it was!" I exclaimed, rapturously. "Oh, I'm so happy!"

"Another scalp--though a humble one?"

"Don't be a beast. I'm so horribly in love with you, you know. It's been hurting so dreadfully."
