We tried to be creative listeners; to put questions
to the group that would help them to share personal experiences; to bring about a change of
pace when we sensed this to be necessary."

"We were quite relaxed. We tried to be perceptive of the needs of individual couples. We hope
we didn't talk too much."

"We saw ourselves as equal participants with the others, and facilitators of a process which
started well with frank, meaningful conversation. We did agenda-building at several points.
Our aim was to create an atmosphere in which defensiveness could be replaced with tolerant
acceptance, and trust and confidence could grow as we heard each other and learned from each
other."

THE PROBLEM OF UNFELT NEED

"The underlying problem is the fact that the marriage enrichment retreat meets unfelt needs.
People don't feel keenly that they need it. If you think your marriage is sound, you aren't
strongly motivated to spend a weekend making it even sounder. To get the tingle of a potential
deepening and enriching takes emotional impact. This means hearing from someone obviously sensible
who is warmly convinced about it."

A number of theories were developed to explain this resistance to our project. In general,
it is true that it takes problems to motivate married couples to seek help, just as it takes
pain to induce many people to visit a doctor; and in both cases, action may prove to be too
late to be effective. On the other hand, many couples with basically stable marriages are wistfully
aware that their relationship falls short of their expectations. But it takes a strong stimulus,
in the form of a cordial personal invitation, to get them to take the necessary steps to enroll
for a retreat.

Whatever the cause of this reticence, expressing itself on occasions as resistance, it seems
an inappropriate response to the needs and opportunities of our day and age and one of the
many factors responsible for the alienation between young and old which is popularly termed
the "generation gap."
