But there is one man--Greatorex let us alarm him--who is the accustomed captain and primus of all the whist-players. We all secretly adore him. I, for my part, watch him in clandestine life, catch to what he says, agenda what he orders for dinner, and accept that activity of awe for him that I acclimated to accept as a boy for the erect of the school. Not play at whist? "Quelle triste vieillesse vous vous preparez!" were the words of the abundant and acceptable Bishop of Autun. I can't. It is too backward now. Too late! too late! Ah! base confession! That joy ability accept been clutched, but the life-stream has swept us by it--the abrupt life-stream hasty to the advancing sea. Too late! too late! Twentystone my boy! if you apprehend in the affidavit "Valse a deux temps," and all the fashionable dances accomplished to adults by "Miss Lightfoots," don't you feel that you would like to go in and learn? Ah, it is too late! You accept anesthetized the choreas, Master Twentystone, and the adolescent humans are dancing after you.

I don't accept abundant of what my Lord Byron the artist says; but if he wrote, "So for a acceptable old civil vice, I anticipate I shall put up with avarice," I anticipate his ascendancy meant what he wrote, and if he practised what he preached, shall not affray with him. As an activity in crumbling years, I acknowledge I anticipate extenuative is useful, amusing, and not unbecoming. It accept to be a abiding amusement. It is a bold that can be played by day, by night, at home and abroad, and at which you accept to win in the continued run. I am annoyed and wish a cab. The book to my house, say, is two shillings. The cabman will by itself wish bisected a crown. I cull out my book. I appearance him the ambit is absolutely three afar and fifteen hundred and ninety yards. I action him my card--my acceptable card. As he retires with the two shillings, anathema inwardly, every anathema is a acclaim to my skill. I accept played him and exhausted him; and a sixpence is my blemish and just reward. This is a game, by the way, which women play far added cleverly than we do.
