But there is one man--Greatorex let us call him--who is the acknowledged captain
and primus of all the whist-players. We all secretly admire him. I, for my part, watch him
in private life, hearken to what he says, note what he orders for dinner, and have that feeling
of awe for him that I used to have as a boy for the cock of the school. Not play at whist?
"Quelle triste vieillesse vous vous preparez!" were the words of the great and good Bishop
of Autun. I can't. It is too late now. Too late! too late! Ah! humiliating confession! That
joy might have been clutched, but the life-stream has swept us by it--the swift life-stream
rushing to the nearing sea. Too late! too late! Twentystone my boy! when you read in the papers
"Valse a deux temps," and all the fashionable dances taught to adults by "Miss Lightfoots,"
don't you feel that you would like to go in and learn? Ah, it is too late! You have passed
the choreas, Master Twentystone, and the young people are dancing without you.

I don't believe much of what my Lord Byron the poet says; but when he wrote, "So for a good
old gentlemanly vice, I think I shall put up with avarice," I think his lordship meant what
he wrote, and if he practised what he preached, shall not quarrel with him. As an occupation
in declining years, I declare I think saving is useful, amusing, and not unbecoming. It must
be a perpetual amusement. It is a game that can be played by day, by night, at home and abroad,
and at which you must win in the long run. I am tired and want a cab. The fare to my house,
say, is two shillings. The cabman will naturally want half a crown. I pull out my book. I show
him the distance is exactly three miles and fifteen hundred and ninety yards. I offer him my
card--my winning card. As he retires with the two shillings, blaspheming inwardly, every curse
is a compliment to my skill. I have played him and beat him; and a sixpence is my spoil and
just reward. This is a game, by the way, which women play far more cleverly than we do.
