Miss Frere's Deccan stories make us well acquainted with one of these personages,
"a wicked magician named Punchkin," whose name serves as a convenient designation for the long-lived
monsters in question. The present collection contains several specimens. In "Brave Hírálálbásá"
(No. 11) we meet with a Rakshas, who is induced, as usual by female wiles, to reveal the secret
of his life. When the bird is seized by the hero of the story, the Rakshas feels that something
terrible has occurred. When the bird's legs and wings are pulled off, the Rakshas becomes a
mere head and torso; and when the bird's neck is wrung, down falls the Rakshas dead. In like
manner, in the tale of "The Demon and the King's Son" (No. 24), the demon dies when the prince
has killed a certain bird, the lives of the bird and of the demon being conterminable. According
to the narrator Dunkní, "all Rakshases keep their souls in birds;" but another authority asserts
(p. 261) that "a whole tribe of Rakshases, dwelling in Ceylon, kept theirs in one and the same
lemon."

The tale of "The Voracious Frog" (No. 6) is a valuable contribution to the store we already
possess of what appear to be myths relating to apparent destruction, but ultimate resuscitation.
To this class seem to belong the stories on which Little Red Riding Hood was probably based,
describing how a wolf or other monster swallowed various innocent beings, but was at last forced
to restore them uninjured to the light of day. In its original form the tale may have been
a nature myth, illustrating the apparent annihilation brought about by the darkness of night
or the cold of winter, and the revival which accompanies the return of the day or of spring;
or, perhaps, a moral apologue, intended to suggest that death may not be a lasting annihilation.
In its modern forms, whether in the east or the west, it often assumes a grotesque air. A good
illustration of this fact is afforded by the well-known Norse tale of "The Greedy Cat," of
which "The Voracious Frog"
