They, however, soon discovered
the difference between New Orleans and St. Louis. The former was under the strictest rule of
a martinet of the regular army. The accidental absence of a pass, even in daytime, or the slightest
divergence from the prescribed dress, whether occurring on or off duty, rendered enlisted men
subject to ruthless fine or imprisonment, and the other offending articles to confiscation
by the provost marshal.

No duty was called for till the 10th, when, for two days, fatigue parties were set to work
on the military railroad on St. Joseph street. On the 13th details for miscellaneous guard
duty were furnished. Corporal Hoscheid and John rejoined on the 12th. Musician Chandler was
transferred to Company B on the 13th, there being more than the regular number of musicians
in Company E. Wagoner Henricks was detailed in regimental quartermaster's depot on the 15th.
On the 19th the regiment moved into the barracks formerly Terrill's Cotton Press, opposite
the southeast corner of Annunciation Square, just vacated by the Seventh Vermont. Sergeant
Rohde was detailed as sergeant of police on the 20th. Eberdt and Gropel were detached to guard
stores on steamboats, under command of an ordnance officer, on the 25th. Stengelin, sick, was
sent to the general hospital on the 26th.

Towards the end of the month the regiment received orders to repair to Chalmette, and to report
to the Sixteenth Army Corps, to which it had been assigned, as soon as relieved by a certain
colored regiment. On the 3rd of March, having been relieved, the regiment moved into the square
immediately opposite, where, having a few days previously been supplied with shelter tents,
a camp was established. J. J. Mueller was relieved on the 4th. The strength of the company
was now as follows: Present, 66; absent, 11,--aggregate 77.

By this time it was authoritatively known that the Sixth Regiment belonged to the Second Brigade
of the Second Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, Major General A. J. Smith commanding.
