Now, the regiment realized the severity of the situation that they were in.  Once lenient rule was now harsh and strict.  St. Louis provided no passes, rather it be daytime or night.  Careful attention was to be paid to their dress whether they were on or off duty.  Failure to abide by these rules would result in a fine, imprisonment, and confiscation by the provost marshal of any items held in the regiment’s possession that was deems inappropriate.

The regiment sat wary, waiting for duty to be called to begin work on the military railroad on St. Joseph Street.  Finally, on the 10th, the awaited call was made.  Corporal Hoscheid and John rejoined on the 12th.  The particulars for varied guard duty were supplied on the 13th.  Due to the fact that there was an overwhelming supply of musicians in Company E, musician chandler was transferred to Company B the same day.  For the next several days, several positions were set.  Wagoner Henricks was detailed in regimental quartermaster's depot on the 15th, and Sergeant Rohde was detailed as sergeant of police on the 20th.  On The 25th, Eberdt and Gropel were separated to guard stores on steamboats under command of an ordnance officer. Stengelin, sick, was sent to the general hospital on the 26th.

The regiment had moved barracks previously Terrill's Cotton Press, opposite the southeast corner of Annunciation Square on the 19th.  These barracks had recently been abandoned by the Seventh Vermont. Nearing the finalization of the month; once a certain colored regiment sent its relief, reparation of Chalmette, and a report to The Sixteenth Army Corps was to made by the regiment.  For a few days, the regiment had been supplied with shelter tents.  Now relived, it moved into a square immediately opposite on march 3rd and established a camp.  By the 4th of March, J.J. Mueller had been relieved.  The company was still not at its fullest potential; being that, 66 were present, 11 were absent, and 77 were aggregate.

At the end, one could conclusively presume that commanding Major General A. J. Smith, Second Brigade of the Second Division in the Sixteenth Army Corps; controlled the Sixth Regiment.
