At first we lived in Superior, Wis., but in September
of that year we went down to Madeline Island to the Indian payment when the government bought
the Duluth property from the Indians. My husband got title to the best of Minnesota Point.
This was the same payment where they gave Chief Buffalo his four square miles of land in Duluth.

Minnesota Point is a narrow neck of land seven miles long and about a quarter of a mile wide
projecting from the mainland in Duluth and separating Lake Superior from St. Louis Bay. One
day we had a picnic party of Superior people over on Minnesota Point. Among them were Mrs.
Post, Orator Hall and his wife, my husband and the Rev. Mr. Wilson from somewhere near Boston
and a number of others. During the picnic various names for the new town started on Minnesota
Point were proposed and Mr. Wilson at last proposed "Duluth." He named the city in honor of
the first navigator and explorer who ever came up here. When the other proprietors came here
and made preemptions and had obtained land they wanted to call it "Portland." My husband said
"No that his property was in Duluth and it should stay in Duluth." I had never been in Duluth
at that time unless it was for a picnic on Minnesota Point.

We moved across the bay to Duluth in 1858. My husband and his brother William had a contract
for carrying the mail from Superior to St. Paul. Sometimes the mail was carried by team and
sometimes the men packed it on their backs. In the spring and fall the roads were so bad that
the use of the team was impossible. Letters were delivered once a week and papers once a month,
perhaps. The military road had been commenced but not finished.

Mrs. W. S. Woodbridge.

While the experiences of the early days could be considered a hardship for the men it was ten
times more annoying to women. The hardships of housekeeping, for instance and home making,
keeping the home tidy and comfortable, not to say attractive, were much greater than any hardships
the men were called upon to endure.
