Almost
everyone has seen how the seeds in an apple point, and has memorized the date of Washington's
death. Most of us have--perhaps wisely--forgotten both. The little nick in the bark of a tree
is healed over and obliterated in a season, but the gashes in the trees around Gettysburg are
still apparent after fifty years. Impressions that are gathered lightly are soon obliterated.
Only deep impressions can be recalled at will. Henry Ward Beecher said: "One intense hour will
do more than dreamy years." To memorize ideas and words, concentrate on them until they are
fixed firmly and deeply in your mind and accord to them their true importance. LISTEN with
the mind and you will remember.

How shall you concentrate? How would you increase the fighting-effectiveness of a man-of-war?
One vital way would be to increase the size and number of its guns. To strengthen your memory,
increase both the number and the force of your mental impressions by attending to them intensely.
Loose, skimming reading, and drifting habits of reading destroy memory power. However, as most
books and newspapers do not warrant any other kind of attention, it will not do altogether
to condemn this method of reading; but avoid it when you are trying to memorize.

Environment has a strong influence upon concentration, until you have learned to be alone in
a crowd and undisturbed by clamor. When you set out to memorize a fact or a speech, you may
find the task easier away from all sounds and moving objects. All impressions foreign to the
one you desire to fix in your mind must be eliminated.

The next great step in memorizing is to pick out the essentials of the subject, arrange them
in order, and dwell upon them intently. Think clearly of each essential, one after the other.
Thinking a thing--not allowing the mind to wander to non-essentials--is really memorizing.

Association of ideas is universally recognized as an essential in memory work; indeed, whole
systems of memory training have been founded on this principle.
