A landscape such as meets our gaze out of doors
is not beautiful in itself, it only possesses, possibly, the capability of being spiritualized
and refined into beauty in the eye of the spectator. Only in so far is it a work of art as
Nature has furnished the raw material for such, while each beholder first fashions it artistically
and endows it with a soul in the mirror of his eye. Nature is made beautiful only by the self-deception
of the spectator.

Therefore does the peasant ridicule the city man who deceives himself to the extent of becoming
enthusiastic over the beauties of a region which leaves the other quite cool. For he who has
not something of the artist about him, who cannot paint beautiful landscapes in his head, will
never see any outside. Beautiful nature, this most subjective of all works of art, which is
painted on the retina of the eye instead of on wood or canvas, will differ every time according
to the mental viewpoint of the onlooker; and as it is with individuals so it is with whole
generations. The comprehension of the artistically beautiful is not half so dependent upon
great cultural presuppositions as the comprehension of the naturally beautiful. With every
great evolution of civilization a new "vision" is engendered for a different kind of natural
beauty.

This goes so far that one might even be deceived into thinking that the different ages had
gazed upon the beauty of nature not only with differing mental eyes but also with a different
faculty of seeing. Most of the old masters have painted their landscapes with the eyes of a
far-sighted person; we think, as a rule, that we can attain far greater natural truth if we
paint our pictures, as it were, from the angle of vision of a near-sighted person. A far-sighted
painter will usually be more inclined to paint a plastic landscape, while a near-sighted one
would make a mood-picture out of the same scene. The very trees of the old Italians, on which
the leaves are numbered, may serve to exemplify this comparison.
