
Lake Erie has few of the fascinations of scenery to boast of, apart from the large mass of
waters it exhibits--in tranquillity, or in motion, sometimes most vehement. It is only at its
west end that it is adorned by islands. The Morasses, earthy scaurs, or gentle uplands of its
coasts, are only remarkable for their large walnut and buttonwood trees, which, in a dense
umbrageous belt, shut out all view of the interior from the traveller on the lake, except at
the partial clearances. Neither is the vicinity of this lake agreeable as a residence, in the
western half, at least in the summer. The heat then, although not thermometrically extreme,
is peculiarly oppressive, relaxing, and long continued. The steaming swamps, which are almost
universal, are full of putrifying substances, occasioning the bilious remittents there so prevalent.
The water in common use is heated, and ill-tasted. Moskitoes, sand, and black flies abound,
and, extending their attacks to the domestic animals, aided by a fly nearly an inch long, almost
drive them distracted. There are circumstances also, in social life, which render this region
a disagreeable residence, but which are gradually disappearing. Its extreme fertility, the
moderate sum of its annual heat, and its facilities of communication with other countries,
will, in progress of time, render it the seat of a dense population, and a principal granary
of the western continent. Wheat, maize, and tobacco, are cultivated with equal success. The
returns of the agriculturist are large, secure, and of excellent quality. The last-named article
has been grown in considerable quantity about the river Detroit, near the head of the lake,
and favoured, in a small remission of duty, by the British government, is sent to England,
after having undergone an inland carriage, to Quebec, of 814 miles. Salt springs exist in almost
every township, accompanied, in one or two cases, by large beds of gypsum. Bog iron ore is
common on the north-east side of the lake, and is worked.
