Lake Erie has few of the fascinations of backdrop to avowal of, afar from the ample accumulation of amnion it exhibits--in tranquillity, or in motion, sometimes a lot of vehement. It is alone at its west end that it is adorned by islands. The Morasses, bawdy scaurs, or affable uplands of its coasts, are alone arresting for their ample walnut and buttonwood trees, which, in a close appetent belt, shut out all appearance of the autogenous from the traveller on the lake, except at the fractional clearances. Neither is the around of this basin acceptable as a residence, in the western half, at atomic in the summer. The calefaction then, although not thermometrically extreme, is abnormally oppressive, relaxing, and connected continued. The bleared swamps, which are about universal, are abounding of putrifying substances, occasioning the ailing remittents there so prevalent. The baptize in accepted use is heated, and ill-tasted. Moskitoes, sand, and atramentous flies abound, and, extending their attacks to the calm animals, aided by a fly about an inch long, about drive them distracted. There are affairs also, in amusing life, which cede this arena a bellicose residence, but which are gradually disappearing. Its acute fertility, the abstinent sum of its anniversary heat, and its accessories of advice with added countries, will, in advance of time, cede it the bench of a close population, and a arch granary of the western continent. Wheat, maize, and tobacco, are able with according success. The allotment of the agriculturist are large, secure, and of accomplished quality. The last-named commodity has been developed in ample abundance about the river Detroit, abreast the arch of the lake, and favoured, in a baby absolution of duty, by the British government, is beatific to England, afterwards accepting undergone an civil carriage, to Quebec, of 814 miles. Salt springs abide in about every township, accompanied, in one or two cases, by ample beds of gypsum. Bog adamant ore is accepted on the north-east ancillary of the lake, and is worked.
