"Take, for instance, his account of how he came into contact with Birchill again. This
girl Fanning, after a quarrel with Sir Horace, came over to Riversbrook with a message for
Hill which was virtually a threat. Now does that seem probable? The girl who had been in the
habit of visiting Sir Horace goes over to see Hill. No woman in the circumstances would do
anything of the sort. She had too good an opinion of herself to take a message to a servant
at a house from which she had been expelled by the owner, who had been keeping her. How would
she have felt if she had run into Sir Horace? It is true that Sir Horace left for Scotland
the day before, but it is improbable that the girl who had quarrelled with Sir Horace a fortnight
before knew the exact date on which he intended to leave. And how did Hill behave when he got
the message? According to his story, he consented to go and see Birchill under threat of exposure,
and he consented to become an accomplice in the burglary for the same reason. Sir Horace knew
all about Hill's past, so why should he fear a threat of exposure?"

"Hill explained that," interposed Rolfe. "He pointed out that, though Sir Horace knew his past,
he couldn't afford to have any scandal about it."

"Quite so. But could Birchill afford to threaten a man who was under the protection of Sir
Horace Fewbanks? Would Birchill pit himself against Sir Horace? I think that Sir Horace, knowing
the law pretty thoroughly, would soon have found a way to deal with Birchill. If Hill was threatened
by Birchill, his first impulse, knowing what a powerful protector he had in Sir Horace Fewbanks,
would have been to go to him and seek his protection against this dangerous old associate of
his convict days. According to Hill's own story, he was something in the nature of a confidential
servant, trusted to some extent with the secrets of Sir Horace's double life. What more likely
than such a man, threatened as he describes, should turn to his master who had shielded him
and trusted him?"
