He Was a person of innumerable bows, and
fluttered his bright-colored compliments about, till it appeared that never before had such
amiable people been asked charity by such a worthy and generous sufferer. In Trieste he had
been a journalist, and it was evident enough from his speech that he was of a good education.
He was vain of his Italian accent, which was peculiarly good for his heterogeneously peopled
native city; and he made a show of that marvelous facility of the Triestines in languages,
by taking me down French books, Spanish books, German books, and reading from them all with
the properest accent. Yet with this boyish pride and self-satisfaction there was mixed a tone
of bitter and worldly cynicism, a belief in fortune as the sole providence. As nearly as I
could make out, he was a Johnson man in American politics; upon the Mexican question he was
independent, disdaining French and Mexicans alike. He was with the former from the first, and
had continued in the service of Maximilian after their withdrawal, till the execution of that
prince made Mexico no place for adventurous merit. He was now going back to his native country,
an ungrateful land enough, which had ill treated him long ago, but to which he nevertheless
returned in a perfect gayety of temper. What a light-hearted rogue he was,--with such merry
eyes, and such a pleasant smile shaping his neatly trimmed beard and mustache! After he had
supped, and he Stood with us at the door taking leave, something happened to be said of Italian
songs, whereupon this blithe exile, whom the compassion of strangers was enabling to go home
after many years of unprofitable toil and danger to a country that had loved him not, fell
to caroling a Venetian barcarole, and went sweetly away in its cadence. I bore him company
as far as the gate of another Italian-speaking signor, and was there bidden adieu with great
effusion, so that I forgot till he had left me to charge him not to be in fear of the house-dog,
which barked but did not bite.
