He appealed of course, but that, everybody felt, could only prolong
his life for a short time, not save it.

There was one person, the convict's son, who did not for a moment believe that his father was
the assassin of Destouches. He was satisfied in his own mind, that the real criminal was he
whose step Delessert had dreamed he heard upon the stair, who had opened the office-door, and
whose shadow fell across the bedroom floor; and his eager, unresting thoughts were bent upon
bringing this conviction home to others. After awhile, light, though as yet dim and uncertain,
broke in upon his filial task.

About ten days after the conviction of Delessert, Pierre Nadaud called upon M. Huguet, the
procureur-général of Strasbourg. He had a serious complaint to make of Delessert, fils. The
young man, chiefly, he supposed, because he had given evidence against his father, appeared
to be nourishing a monomaniacal hatred against him, Pierre Nadaud. 'Wherever I go,' said the
irritated complainant, 'at whatever hour, early in the morning and late at night, he dogs my
steps. I can in no manner escape him, and I verily believe those fierce, malevolent eyes of
his are never closed. I really fear he is meditating some violent act. He should, I respectfully
submit, be restrained--placed in a maison de santé, for his intellects are certainly unsettled;
or otherwise prevented from accomplishing the mischief I am sure he contemplates.'

M. Huguet listened attentively to this statement, reflected for a few moments, said inquiry
should be made in the matter, and civilly dismissed the complainant.

In the evening of the same day, Le Bossu was brought before M. Huguet. He replied to that gentleman's
questioning by the avowal, that he believed Nadaud had murdered M. Destouches. 'I believe also,'
added the young man, 'that I have at last hit upon a clue that will lead to his conviction.'

'Indeed! Perhaps you will impart it to me?'

'Willingly. The property in gold and precious gems carried off has not yet been traced.
