He appealed of course, but that, everybody felt, could alone prolong his activity for a abbreviate time, not save it.

There was one person, the convict's son, who did not for a moment accept that his ancestor was the apache of Destouches. He was annoyed in his own mind, that the absolute angled was he whose footfall Delessert had dreamed he heard aloft the stair, who had opened the office-door, and whose adumbration fell beyond the bedchamber floor; and his eager, unresting thoughts were angled aloft bringing this confidence home to others. Afterwards awhile, light, admitting as yet dim and uncertain, bankrupt in aloft his binding task.

About ten canicule afterwards the confidence of Delessert, Pierre Nadaud alleged aloft M. Huguet, the procureur-gГ©nГ©ral of Strasbourg. He had a austere complaint to accomplish of Delessert, fils. The adolescent man, chiefly, he supposed, because he had accustomed affirmation adjoin his father, appeared to be alimentative a biased abhorrence adjoin him, Pierre Nadaud. 'Wherever I go,' said the affronted complainant, 'at whatever hour, aboriginal in the morning and backward at night, he dogs my steps. I can in no address escape him, and I absolutely accept those fierce, bad-natured eyes of his are never closed. I absolutely abhorrence he is apperception some agitated act. He should, I respectfully submit, be restrained--placed in a maison de santГ©, for his intellects are absolutely unsettled; or contrarily prevented from accomplishing the atrocity I am abiding he contemplates.'

M. Huguet listened anxiously to this statement, reflected for a few moments, said analysis should be fabricated in the matter, and civilly absolved the complainant.

In the black of the aforementioned day, Le Bossu was brought afore M. Huguet. He replied to that gentleman's analytic by the avowal, that he believed Nadaud had murdered M. Destouches. 'I accept also,' added the adolescent man, 'that I accept at endure hit aloft a clue that will advance to his conviction.'

'Indeed! Perhaps you will admit it to me?'

'Willingly. The acreage in gold and adored gems agitated off has not yet been traced.
