But whatever dreadful shock
may be in reserve for my declining years, I am certain I can bear it; for I went through that
scene at Snowborough, and still live!

When the garments were fully displayed, all the aunts looked at me. I had been to college;
I had studied Burke's Peerage; I had been once to New York. Perhaps I could immediately name
the exact station in noble British life to which that suit of clothes belonged. I could; I
saw it all at a glance. I grew flustered and pale. I dared not look my poor deluded female
relatives in the face.

"What rank in the peerage do these gold-laced garments and big buttons betoken?" cried all three.

"It is a suit of servant's livery!" gasped I, and fell back with a shudder.

That evening, after the sun had gone down, we buried those hateful garments in a ditch at the
bottom of the garden. Rest there perturbed body-coat, yellow trousers, brown gaiters, and all!

    "Vain pomp and glory of this world, I hate ye!"

WHY MOLES HAVE HANDS

BY ANNE VIRGINIA CULBERTSON

One day the children came running to Aunt Nancy with a mole which one of the dogs had just
killed. They had never seen one before and were very curious as to what it might be.

"Well, befo' de king!" said Nancy, "whar y'all bin livin' dat you nuver seed a mole befo'?
Whar you come f'um mus' be a mighty cur'ous spot ef dey ain' have no moleses dar; mus' be sump'n
wrong wid dat place. I bin mos' all over dish yer Sussex kyounty endurin' er my time, an' I
ain' nuver come 'cross no place yit whar dey ain' have moleses.

"Moleses is sut'n'y cur'ous li'l creeturs," she continued. "I bin teckin' tickler notuss un
'em dis long time, an' dey knows mo'n you'd think fer, jes' ter look at 'em. Dough dey lives
down un'need de groun', yit dey is fus'class swimmers; I done seed one, wid my own eyes, crossin'
de branch, an' dey kin root 'long un'need de yearf mos' ez fas' ez a hoss kin trot on top uv
hit. Y'all neenter look dat-a-way, 'kase hit's de trufe; dey's jes' built fer gittin' 'long
fas' unner groun'.
