They have ruined the entire facility of the south labor by cutting of their own cotton crops.  So they have faced a great hindrance at their status of commerce and the capability of manufacturers of the whole country. Due to its hindrances, all other industries have faced the minor shock and loss and as a consequence they have suffered accordingly.  For example, if you are using our Southern cotton at ten cents per pound, we will be compelling you to go to a distance of ten to twelve thousand miles and there you will have to purchase the same by paying fifty to sixty cents per pound.  To purchase like that you will have to go for lower, crude, short staple production of India. By doing so it has become so obvious that the whole fabric of our prosperity has become so drained down and remained so. But the same situation will be continuing until the industry and commerce should find new and profitable channels for their enterprise.  In this situation, the cost of clothing has become greatly enhanced in value.  This is especially very high cost for the laborers and consequently it had been equivalent to a corresponding decrease of food and all the other comforts of life. Cleanliness and health has become very necessary element due to the abundance and cheapness of clothing and it had been created some extra results. In deed it was considered as an every interest of society and in all sections of society and among all classes, they have suffered more or less from the same causes. Due to the destruction of the cotton production and injury of its related materials, debts have become so increase to pay off.  It created war against us and it has become very serious element to be considered. The burden of taxation has become enhanced highly and it has become some kind of extra unavoidable expense.  Since they are very heavier to tolerate, people had been suffered a lot.   
Now the question is raised about liberation to the blacks is intimately connected with the justice in the hands of while people. The answer for this question has become based on so many keen considerations and combination to control the prosperity of a people.  Since they are in compulsion to be relieved from all their suffering like affected severe taxation, employment, wages, clothing, food and health etc.,   as a result, there are two vital elements such as the proper education for the working classes and the cause of free government has become more vital.  Nor it is without much weight and importance that the greater part of these effects extends beyond the limits of our own country and affect similarly.  Moreover, in some instances, even more severely, it has become possible to the laboring classes of other countries.
