Gold and silver inlaid on iron, iron
inlaid on copper and silver, are some of the forms of this beautiful work. That executed in
Madrid differs from that of Toledo, Eibar, and other centres of the craft. The iron gate-work
executed in Madrid and Barcelona is very hard to beat, and the casting of bronzes is carried
out with every modern improvement. The wood-carvers of Spain have always been famous, and the
craft appears to be in no danger of falling behind its old reputation, much beautiful decorative
work of this description being produced for modern needs. The Circulo de Artes holds an exhibition
in Madrid every other year, and in the intervening years the Government has one, in the large
permanent buildings erected for the purpose at the end of the Fuente Castellana. The manufacture
of artistic furniture and other connected industries are encouraged also by a bi-yearly exhibition
in Madrid, where prizes and commendations are given. The chief centres of artistic furniture-making
are Madrid, Barcelona, Granada, and Zaragoza. Exhibitions of arts and crafts and of all kinds
of industries and manufactures are also held, at intervals, in the principal towns all over
the country. An interesting exhibition of Spanish and South American productions was held in
1901 in Bilbao with great success.

Nor ought we to forget the industry for which Seville is famed. The manufacture of tobacco
is almost wholly in the hands of women, and is a very important industry, thousands being employed
in the large factories making up cigars, cigarettes, and preparing and packing the finer kinds
of tobacco. The cigar-girl of Seville is a well-known type, almost as much dreaded by the authorities
as admired by her own class. The women are mostly young, and often attractive, extremely pronounced
both in dress and manners, and are quite a power to be reckoned with when they choose to assert
themselves. On more than one occasion they have taken up some cause en masse, and have gathered
in thousands, determined to have their way.
