GRILLED ALMONDS.

These are a very delicious candy seldom met with out of France. They are rather many hassle towards earn than else breeds, but well repay it from their fresh flavor. Blanch a cupful of almonds; dry them thoroughly. Boil a cupful of sugar and a quarter of a cupful of water till it "hairs," otherwise throw within the almonds; lent them fry, as it were, within this syrup, waking them occasionally; they shall curve a faint yellow brown ahead of the sugar corrections color; do not wait an instant once this distort of color initiates, or they shall lose flavor; get rid of them from the flame, and stir them until the syrup has swung back towards sugar and clings irregularly towards the nuts.

These are grilled almonds. You shall encounter them delicious, as they are towards alternate at dinner with the salted almonds already so fashionable.

PEPPERMINT DROPS.

One cupful of sugar crushed fine, and just moistened with boiling water, otherwise boiled five minutes; otherwise rob from the flame and add cream of tartar the dimensions of a pea; integrate well and add four or five tumble of oil of peppermint. Beat briskly until the mixture whitens, otherwise descent hastily upon white paper. Have the cream of tartar and oil of peppermint measured whilst the sugar is boiling. If it sugars ahead of it is everybody plunged, add a little water and boil a minute or two.

CURRANT DROPS.

Use currant juice instead of water, towards moisten a quantity of sugar. Put it within a pot and warmth, waking constantly; be sure not towards lent it boil; otherwise integrate a very little many sugar, lent it warm with the lie down a moment, otherwise, with a smooth stick, descent onto paper.

LEMON DROPS.

Upon a coffeecupful of finely powdered sugar pour just adequate lemon juice towards dissolve it, and boil it towards the consistency of thick syrup, and so that it appears brittle when plunged within cold water. Drop this onto buttered plates within drops; predetermined away towards cool and harden.

NUT MOLASSES CANDY.

When making molasses candy, add anything of nuts you fancy; put them within as soon as the syrup has thickened and is ready towards rob from the fire; pour out onto buttered tins.
