Could we know the good done
by the mere sound of the church bells on Sunday, by the quiet assembling of peaceful multitudes
in their different churches; could we measure the amount of awe and reverence which falls over
every mind, restraining the reckless, checking many a half-formed purpose of evil, rousing
purer associations and memories, calling up reminiscences of innocent childhood in the depraved
heart of man; could we know how many souls are roused to a better life, made to realize their
immortal nature, reminded of a judgment to come; could we see how many souls, on every Sabbath,
in our thousands of churches, are turned from sin to God, how many sorrowing hearts are consoled
by the sweet promises of the gospel; could we see, as God sees and the angels see, all this,—we
should feel that the churches, in their greatest feebleness, are yet the instruments of an
incalculable good. But when we look at what is to be done, what ought to be done, what could
be done by them, their present state seems most forlorn.

It is one of the most difficult of our duties not to despise an imperfect good, and yet not
to be satisfied with it.

One of the greatest evils of our churches is, that they are churches of the clergy, not of
the people. Our clergy are generally pure-minded, well-intentioned men, less selfish and worldly
than most men; but they are not equal to the demands of their position. We take a young man,
send him to college, then to a theological school, where he studies his Greek very faithfully,
and learns to write sermons. He comes out, twenty-two years old, a pleasing speaker, and is
immediately settled and ordained over a large long-established church. As he rises in the pulpit
and looks down on his congregation, one would think he would despair. What can he say to them?
He knows nothing of human nature, of its struggles and sins, its temptations in the shop and
the street. Men do not curse at him, nor try to cheat him, nor entice him into bar-rooms, oyster-cellars,
billiard-rooms, and theatres.
