Feb. 28--German Embassy at Washington issues a statement characterizing Stegler's allegations about Capt. Boy-Ed as "false and fantastic," and "of a pathological character," and hinting at attempted blackmail. 

RELIEF WORK. 

Feb. 2--It is planned to send a Belgian relief ship with supplies donated wholly by the people of New York State; France facilitates entry of tobacco sent by Americans as gift to French soldiers; organization is formed in New York called the War Relief Clearing House for France and Her Allies to systematize shipment of supplies. 

Feb. 3--Russia permits supplies to be sent to captives, but Russian military authorities will do the distributing. 

Feb. 4--Steamer Aymeric sails with cargo of food from twelve States for Belgium. 

Feb. 5--Russia refuses to permit relief expeditions to minister to German and Austrian prisoners in Siberia; the United States asks that an American doctor be permitted to accompany Red Cross supplies to observe their distribution; American Commission for Relief in Belgium is sending food to some towns and villages of Northern France in hands of the Germans, where the commission's representatives have found distressing conditions. 

Feb. 7--New York women plan to equip a lying-in hospital for destitute mothers of Belgium. 

Feb. 10--Steamer Great City sails with supplies for the Belgians estimated to be worth $530,000, this being the most valuable cargo yet shipped; the shipment represents gifts from every State, 50,000 persons having contributed; Rockefeller Foundation is negotiating in Rumania for grain for people of Poland. 

Feb. 12--American Girls' Aid Society sends apparel to France sufficient to clothe 20,000 persons. 

Feb. 13--Otto H. Kahn lends his London residence for the use of soldiers and sailors who have been made blind during the war. 

Feb. 14--Rockefeller Foundation reports that the situation in Belgium is without a parallel in history; Commission for Relief announces that it is possible to send money direct from United States to persons in Belgium.
