problems February 28 - German Embassy in Washington, a statement characterizing the statements Stegler about Capt. Boy-Ed as "false and fantastic," and "pathological character, and tried hinting at blackmail.

RELIEF work.

February 2 - It is planned to send a Belgian relief ship with supplies donated entirely by people from New York, France facilitate the entry of U.S. tobacco as a gift sent by French soldiers, the organization is formed in New York called War Relief Clearing House for France and her allies to systematize transport of goods.

February 3 - Russia allowed supplies to be sent to the captives, but the Russian military authorities will be distributed.

February 4 - Steamer sailing Aymeric laden food from twelve countries to Belgium.

February 5 - Russia refuses to allow relief shipments to serve German and Austrian prisoners in Siberia, the United States calls for an American doctor be allowed to accompany the distribution of Red Cross supplies to meet their American Commission for Relief in Belgium is to send food to some towns and villages of northern France in German hands, where representatives of the Commission have found stressful conditions.

February 7 - New York women plan to equip a maternity mothers deprived of Belgium.

February 10 - Great Steamer sails with supplies for the Belgian city estimated to be worth $ 530,000, which is the most valuable goods from the factory, is sending gifts to each state, 50,000 people have contributed, the Rockefeller Foundation is negotiating in Romania cereal for people of Poland.

February 12 - American Girls' Aid Society in France send enough clothing to clothe 20,000 people.

February 13 - Otto H. Kahn lends resident in London for use of soldiers and sailors who were blind during the war.

2:14 - Rockefeller Foundation reports that the situation in Belgium is without parallel in history, the Commission for Relief announces it is possible to send money directly from the United States for people in Belgium.
