Few gouty old fathers make themselves as welcome as I do, eh, Ulswater?

"Dare I apply to myself Lord Westborough's compliment, said the young nobleman, advancing towards Lady Flora and drawing his seat near her. He entered into that and whispered conversation so significant of courtship. But there was a little in Lady Flora's manner by which an experienced eye would have detected the bride elect, no sudden blush, no downcast, yet sidelong look, no trembling of the hand. No indistinct confusion of the voice, struggling with unanalyzed emotions. No, all was calm, cold, listless,and her cheek changed not tint or hue, and her words, clear and collected, seemed to contradic whatever the low murmurs of the betrothed might well be supposed to insinuate, but, even in his behavior there was something which had Lady westborough been less contented than she was with the externals and surface of manner would have alarmed her for her daughter. A cloud, sullen, and gloomy sat upon his brow and his lip alternately quiered with something like scorn,or was compressed with a kind of stifled passion. Even in the exultation that sparkled in his eye. When he alluded to their approaching marriage, there was an expression that almost might have been termed fierce andcertainly was as little like the true orthodoz ardour of the gentle swain as Lady Floras sad and half unconscious coldness resembled the diffident passion of the "blushing maiden."

"You have considerably passed the time in which we expected you." My lord, said Lady Westborough, who as a beauty herself was a little jealous of the deference due to the beauty of her daughter 

"It this true," said Lord Ulswater, glancing towards the opposite glass and smoothing his right eyebrow with his forefinger. "It this true, but I could not help it. Ihad a great deal of business to do with my troop. Ihave put them into a new manoeuvre. Do you know my lord [turning to the marquis] I think its very likely the soldiers may have some work on the ---- of this month?"
