The growing trees had no time to turn round to look at me;
the contended hills embraced me in their arms, and let me pass without a word; the grain ripened
in the mellow autumn days, unheeding the little shadow that I threw across its sunshine. This
preoccupied indifference of all living things, which would initiate a mere vexation, clamorous
for sympathy, is like blessed balm to the sufferer from a profound grief or mortification.
Counsel is good, friendliness precious, while anything remains to be done to avert an impending
calamity. But pitying words over an accomplished and irremediable misfortune, serve only to
revive useless pain, and blunder, like a man who should try to force open the eyelids of a
corpse. Nature, wiser than officious human tenderness, takes the sorrow coolly, as a matter
of course, and in silence buries it out of sight among a million others, already thickly strewn
with withered leaves. And, in presence of her imperturbable serenity during the blackest days
of frost and winter, the sufferer becomes insensibly inspired with her unspoken confidence
in the final return of spring. The people of the village and the farms, rooted as their own
beeches, reflected back upon Nature the same immovable calm. They did not disturb themselves
about me, because my rôle in society was so evident, respectable, and satisfactory, that I
offered no foothold for either curiosity or scandal. I had been sent by Providence and the
Faculty of Medicine to cure their not too frequent rheumatisms and catarrhs; I acquitted myself
not ill of my business,--they asked no more,--and neither offered nor expected personal interest
or friendship.

As the months rolled on, I became more interested than formerly in medical reading. Absorbed
entirely in my books, I even fancied that the healing apathy which sheltered my life was growing
more profound. This was a mistake; the thickening of the vapors that shut out the external
world, really denoted that they were about to condense and precipitate themselves into a new
creation.
