One reason why sugar has a high food value is that it is readily utilized
for combustion, and if taken between meals greatly increases the calories and may lead to overnourishment.

[Sidenote: Water with Meals]

There is, for normal people, no objection to drinking a moderate amount of water at meals--say
one or two glassfuls--provided it is not taken when food is in the mouth and used for washing
it down.

[Sidenote: The Digestibility of So-called "Indigestible" Foods]

The science of dietetics will develop rapidly in the future, and in a few years it will probably
be possible to be more definite than we have been here. At present there is much unknown, especially
as to how far our rules have to be modified for the particular individual. Personal idiosyncrasies
have to be taken into account. Sometimes "What is one man's meat is another man's poison."
On the other hand, many have mistaken ideas as to their own idiosyncrasies. For instance, many
people think that nuts never agree with them, when the trouble really is that they do not masticate
them properly. Many think peanuts indigestible, not realizing either the importance of mastication
or the importance of avoiding over-roasting. The ordinary peanuts are over-roasted. Peanuts
very slightly roasted and very thoroughly masticated seldom disagree with one. Others believe
that bananas never agree with them, when the fact is they eat them too green. The banana vender
usually finds that the ignorant public buys his fruit best when its color is an even yellow,
and he puts aside for himself the only bananas ripe and fit to eat, namely those which are
mottled with black.

[Sidenote: Avoidance of Fads]

Each individual must use his own intelligence and common sense, avoiding so far as he can the
mistake of following a "fad" and accepting a theory without sufficient evidence; and the opposite
mistake of accepting as hygienic the customs about him simply because they are customs, and
thus mistaking for fads any conclusions of science which are discordant with current custom.
