
The reward of literary service, and the estimation in which literary men are held, both grow
with growth in that power of combination which results from diversification of employments;
from bringing consumers and producers close together; and from thus stimulating the activity
of the societary circulation. Both decline as producers and consumers become more widely separated
and as the circulation becomes more languid, as is the case in all the countries now subjected
to the British free trade influence. Let American authors then unite in asking of Congress
the establishment of a fixed and steady policy which shall have the effect of giving us that
industrial independence without which there can be neither political nor literary independence.
That once secured, they would thereafter find no need for asking the establishment of a system
of taxation which would prove so burdensome to our people as, in the end, to be ruinous to
themselves.

                                                         H. C. C.

PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 1867.

LETTERS

ON

INTERNATIONAL COPYRIGHT.

LETTER I.

Dear Sir:--You ask for information calculated to enable you to act understandingly in reference
to the international copyright treaty now awaiting the action of the Senate. The subject is
an important one, more so, as I think, than is commonly supposed, and being very glad to see
that it is now occupying your attention, it will afford me much pleasure to comply, as far
as in my power, with your request.

Independently of the principle involved, it seems to me that the course now proposed to be
pursued is liable to very grave objection. It is an attempt to substitute the action of the
Executive for that of the Legislature, and in a case in which the latter is fully competent
to do the work. For almost twenty years, Congress has been besieged with applications on the
subject, but without effect. Senate Committees have reported in favor of the measure, but the
lower House, composed of the direct representatives of the people, has remained unmoved.
