Dunn and Spence, Rev. Mr. Bond and J. C. Napier, Esq., spoke on our work, and the Jubilee
Singers sang. The Convention was in a manner on American Missionary Association territory,
and it was felt that its work should have an emphatic place. Indeed, nearly all the speakers
referred to our work, chief among whom was Gen. Howard. The Northern delegates visited Fisk
University in large numbers and expressed their pleasure both as to the scope and character
of our work.

Before the convention the colored people had a feeling that they were not wanted there. They
had been told that they must conform to the "unwritten law" of the South as to taking back
seats at their local meetings, but would be on an equality at the Convention itself.

In talking the matter over with the colored Congregational pastor, we agreed that it was better
to remain away from the local meetings, but to attend the Convention. Consequently, the Congregational
Endeavorers of color and a number of others did so, and donning the Convention badge attended.
Those who attended were well treated. Indeed, the colored people and the work of the Association
were brought into special prominence through the large chorus of Fisk Jubilee Singers--twenty-two
in all--which proved to be the favorite singers of the Convention. Besides singing at all the
sessions, they also rendered a special programme of their music for half an hour on one afternoon,
when I made a brief address on our work as illustrated by the singers and Fisk University.
Our Northern friends have here seen many side lights of Southern life and the colored people,
such as the "Jim Crow Car" and the "Separate Colored Waiting Rooms" at the stations, etc. The
colored delegates of the Pennsylvania and other Northern delegations were sent into the "Jim
Crow" car as soon as they reached Southern soil. The Northern delegates also observed the isolation
of our missionaries. It is difficult for the Southern people to understand why Northern friends
are so much interested in colored people and in their schools.
