When, however, Charlotte came back to Brussels alone she was heartily welcomed
into two or three English families, including those of Mr. Dixon, of the Rev. Mr. Jenkins,
and of Dr. Wheelwright.  With the Wheelwright children she sometimes spent the Sunday, and
with them she occasionally visited the English Episcopal church which the Wheelwrights attended,
and of which the clergyman was a Mr. Drury.  When Dr. Wheelwright took his wife for a Rhine
trip in May he left his four children--one little girl had died at Brussels, aged seven, in
the preceding November--in the care of Madame Heger at the Pensionnat, and under the immediate
supervision of Charlotte.

At this period there was plenty of cheerfulness in her life.  She was learning German.  She
was giving English lessons to M. Heger and to his brother-in-law, M. Chappelle.  She went to
the Carnival, and described it 'animating to see the immense crowds and the general gaiety.'
'Whenever I turn back,' she writes, 'to compare what I am with what I was, my place here with
my place at Mrs. Sidgwick's or Mrs. White's, I am thankful.'

In a letter to her brother, however, we find the darker side of the picture.  It reveals many
things apart from what is actually written down.  In this, the only letter to Branwell that
I have been able to discover, apart from one written in childhood, it appears that the brother
and sister are upon very confidential terms.  Up to this time, at any rate, Branwell's conduct
had not excited any apprehension as to his future, and the absence of any substantial place
in his aunt's will was clearly not due to misconduct.  Branwell was now under the same roof
as his sister Anne, having obtained an appointment as tutor to young Edmund Robinson at Thorp
Green, near York, where Anne was governess.  The letter is unsigned, concluding playfully with
'yourn; and the initials follow a closing message to Anne on the same sheet of paper.

                              TO BRANWELL BRONTE

                                             'BRUSSELS, May 1st, 1843.
