This fact was intended to be expressed by the term Most-High
([Greek: Hupsistos]) applied to the Syrian Baals as well as to Jehovah.[72] According to this
cosmic religion, the Most High resided in the immense orb that contained the spheres of all
the stars and embraced the entire universe which was subject to his domination. The Latins
translated the name of this "Hypsistos" by Jupiter summus exsuperantissimus[73] to indicate
his preeminence over all divine beings.

As a matter of fact, his power was infinite. The primary postulate of the Chaldean astrology
was that all phenomena and events of this world were necessarily determined by sidereal influence.
The changes of nature, as well as the dispositions of men, were controlled according to fate,
by the divine energies that resided in the heavens. In other words, the gods were almighty;
they were the masters of destiny that governed the universe absolutely. The notion of their
{129} omnipotence resulted from the development of the ancient autocracy with which the Baals
were credited. As we have stated, they were conceived after the image of an Asiatic monarch,
and the religious terminology was evidently intended to display the humility of their priests
toward them. In Syria we find nothing analogous to what existed in Egypt, where the priest
thought he could compel the gods to act, and even dared to threaten them.[74] The distance
separating the human and the divine always was much greater with the Semitic tribes, and all
that astrology did was to emphasize the distance more strongly by giving it a doctrinal foundation
and a scientific appearance. In the Latin world the Asiatic religions propagated the conception
of the absolute and illimitable sovereignty of God over the earth. Apuleius calls the Syrian
goddess omnipotens et omniparens, "mistress and mother of all things."[75]

The observation of the starry skies, moreover, had led the Chaldeans to the notion of a divine
eternity. The constancy of the sidereal revolutions inspired the conclusion as to their perpetuity.
