
"If Lucy wants to drop the correspondence, I'm sure I shan't force her to keep it up," says Kate.

So the letter is never written, and the friends part; and though I am a great admirer of the
virtue of constancy, I still hold that there are cases in which it is a mere mockery, the empty
husk which we had much better fling away when the kernel is gone.

But girls' friendships are often made by propinquity, neighbourhood, adjacent homes, and constant
meetings in the ordinary round of life.

The average girl, especially if living in the country, has not usually a very large circle
of acquaintances from which to choose her friends (and notwithstanding what is said about the
sufficiency of family affections, I do think a "particular friend" is almost a necessity to
girl nature, and need not and ought not to interfere with home ties and interests). Even if
her mother's visiting list is long, each household will not include a girl of her own age with
whom she could be intimate, and many will live at a distance to make frequent intercourse out
of the question.

Yes, your circle will narrow to some five or six, perhaps even three or four, girls, and you
will naturally see most of the one living nearest to you.

You meet in your strolls, if you live in the country, you continually "drop in" to tea and
tennis at each other's houses. If you live in a town, you drop in just before or just after
your round of more formal visits, and you get to know each others' daily lives, daily interests,
pleasures, and difficulties very thoroughly, and this interweaving of the day-to-day existence
forms many a friendship.

You get accustomed to each other; the trivial incidents of the hour, perhaps its gossip, which
have a transient interest for the one, interests the other no less. Your friend knows just
what work you are doing, just what book you are reading. You have a great deal of time for
talking, and by degrees each knows almost everything about the life of the other, for the lives
are short, and at this period neither profound nor intricate.
