His eyes were large. He was panting like his heart was about to break. He still kept his arms raised as if seeing everywhere before him fresh enemies. Blood spotted here and there the wonderful coco carpet of his skin, and his whole body glistened with sweat. His shirt was in ribbons over his handsome muscles.

Seven or eight persons began explaining the fight to the Surveillant, who could make nothing out of their accounts and therefore called aside a trusted old man in order to get his detailed account. The two retired from the room. The plantons, finding the expected wolf a lamb, flourished their revolvers around Jean and threatened him in the nasty language which plantons use to annoy people they can easily bully. Jean kept repeating dully "laissez-moi tranquille. Ils voulaient me tuer." His chest shook terribly with heavy sobs.

Now Surveillant returned and made a speech, to the effect that he had gotten independently of each other the stories of four men, that by all counts le negre was solely to blame, that le nergre had caused an inexcusable trouble to the authorities and to his follow inmates by this wholly unjustified conflict, and that as a punishment the negre would now suffer the consequences of his guilt in the bainot. --Jean had dropped his arms to his sides. His face was twirled about in agony. He made a child like geuster, a pitiful movement with his slender hands. Crying he protested?: "It isn't my fault, monsieur le Surveillant! They attacked me! I didn't do anything! They wanted me dead! Ask him"--he pointed to me desperately. Before I could utter a single word the Surveillant raised his hand to demand silence; le negre had done wrong. He should be placed in the cabinot.

--Like a flash, with a horrible shattering scream, Jean leaped from the surrounding plantons and rushed for the coat which lay on his bed screaming--"AHHHHHH--mon couteau!"--"Look out of he'll get his knife and kill himself!" some person  shrieked; and the four plantons seized Jean by both of his arms just as he reached out to snatch up his jacket.
