His eyes were enormous.
He was panting as if his heart would break. He still kept his arms raised as if seeing everywhere
before him fresh enemies. Blood spotted here and there the wonderful chocolate carpet of his
skin, and his whole body glistened with sweat. His shirt was in ribbons over his beautiful muscles.

Seven or eight persons at once began explaining the fight to the Surveillant, who could make
nothing out of their accounts and therefore called aside a trusted older man in order to get
his version. The two retired from the room. The plantons, finding the expected wolf a lamb,
flourished their revolvers about Jean and threatened him in the insignificant and vile language
which plantons use to anyone whom they can bully. Jean kept repeating dully "laissez-moi tranquille.
Ils voulaient me tuer." His chest shook terribly with vast sobs.

Now the Surveillant returned and made a speech, to the effect that he had received independently
of each other the stories of four men, that by all counts le negre was absolutely to blame,
that le negre had caused an inexcusable trouble to the authorities and to his fellow-prisoners
by this wholly unjustified conflict, and that as a punishment the negre would now suffer the
consequences of his guilt in the cabinot.--Jean had dropped his arms to his sides. His face
was twisted with anguish. He made a child's gesture, a pitiful hopeless movement with his slender
hands. Sobbing he protested: "It isn't my fault, monsieur le Surveillant! They attacked me!
I didn't do a thing! They wanted to kill me! Ask him"--he pointed to me desperately. Before
I could utter a syllable the Surveillant raised his hand for silence: le negre had done wrong.
He should be placed in the cabinot.

--Like a flash, with a horrible tearing sob, Jean leaped from the surrounding plantons and
rushed for the coat which lay on his bed screaming--"AHHHHH--mon couteau!"--"Look out or he'll
get his knife and kill himself!" someone yelled; and the four plantons seized Jean by both
arms just as he made a grab for his jacket.
