The faction of the Moreote barons, as these greedy plunderers of
the Greek shopkeepers would fain have been called, was dissolved by this unexpected victory.
Many laid down their arms, and made peace with the government.

General Kalergy was afterwards present in the town of Navarin when it was besieged by Ibrahim
Pasha, and marched out with his band when the place capitulated. This defeat, though he had
only held a subordinate command, afflicted him greatly, and he looked round for some means
of avenging his country's loss on the Turks. He resolved at last to endeavour to make a diversion
by recommencing the war in Crete; but without a strong fortress to secure the ammunition and
supplies necessary for prosecuting a series of irregular attacks, it was evident that nothing
important could be effected. In this difficulty, Kalergy determined to attack the impregnable
island-fortress of Grabusa, as it was known that the strength of the place had induced the
Turks to leave it with a very small garrison. Kalergy having learned that the greater part
of this garrison was absent during the day, disguised a few of his men in Turkish dresses,
and appeared on the beach at the point from which the soldiers of the garrison crossed to this
island Gibraltar. The commander of Grabusa ordered the boat to transport them over as usual,
and the Greeks entered the fort before the mistake was discovered. The place was in vain attacked
by all the forces of Mohammed Ali; the Greeks kept possession of it to the end of the war.
The sagacity and courage displayed by Kalergy in this affair placed him in the rank of the
ablest of the Greek chiefs.

When General Gordon (whose excellent history of the Greek revolution we recommend to our readers{A})
attempted to relieve Athens, then besieged by Kutayhi, (Reschid Pasha,) Kalergy and Makriyani
commanded divisions of the troops which occupied the Piræus. Subsequently, when Lord Cochrane
and General Church endeavoured to force the Turkish lines, Kalergy was one of the officers
who commanded the advanced division.
