Yet such is not the fact: so far as the law goes,
it is the same on both sides the Channel. By law, the Irish landlord can only eject a tenant
holding by lease after he owes a year's rent; and then the tenant has six months for redemption.
He can only put out a tenant-at-will by giving him six months' notice, (the six months to expire
on or before the day on which the tenancy commenced;) and afterwards by ejecting him, if he
refuse to give up possession. He can only distrain after the rent becomes due. Those powers
the law also gives to the English landlord: so far as legislative enactments go, the landlords
of both countries stand precisely in the same position. But the English proprietor can do much
which the Irish one durst not attempt: he may prevent the fences on his estate from being torn
down, or the trees and hedge-rows he has planted from being cut: he may prevent his land from
being damaged by bad husbandry, or a succession of the same crops being taken from it until
it is rendered useless;--all this he may do by enforcing his covenants, and no one blames him.
An Irish landlord may put the most stringent clauses in his leases; but he cannot use the power
which their enforcement would give him: public opinion, (always in favour of the delinquent,)
and the dread of the assassin, restrain him. The late Mr Hall let a farm in fine condition:
the tenant, contrary to his engagements, tore up the land, burned it, and set it in con-acre.
The unfortunate gentleman endeavoured to prevent this violation of an agreement. He went to
the ground and threatened to put his covenant in force; and, for doing so, he was murdered
in the open day in the presence of numbers of people: the assassins were allowed quietly to
walk off; and it was only when one of the hired murderers, tempted by a large reward, peached
on his accomplices in crime, that any of them were brought to justice.

There is an act of Parliament in force in Ireland for the prevention of burning land, which
imposes heavy penalties; yet it cannot stop this mischievous practice--and why?
