When all the fish is hence coordinated in the mould, decant the jelly in very carefully, a tablespoonful at a time, in rank not to perturb the solid material. Let the mould stand in chilled water for seven or eight hours, when it can be turned out. Ornament with parsley, lemon, and beetroot.

LITTLE DISHES OF MEAT.

***

In this phase some practical and low-cost containers are bestowed, which will perform either as wakeup food performing containers, entrées, or for invalids, and which may, in the hands of an educated prepare food servings, perform as types for more others. As will be observed, it is not so much a query of expenditure to give these little tasty containers as of management. In all the following recipes for little containers of mutton, it will be encountered a many superiority to use New Zealand Meat.

A good prepare food servings will not ever be humiliated by having too much chilled red meat on hand, because she will be competent by her talent so to change the containers that the appetites of those for who she caters will not ever get fatigued of it. Even a tiny portion of the loin of mutton may be performed in half-a-dozen divergent ways, and be relished by those who are fatigued of the mutton-chop or the basic roast.

MUTTON CUTLETS.

Taken from the neck, mutton cutlets are highly charge, but those from the loin will be encountered not only appropriate, but to reply well at a slighter cost.

First get clear of the under-cut or fillet from about two pounds of the best end of a loin of mutton, slice off the flap, which will be practical for stewing, and it is principally good devoured chilled, and then get clear of the red meat from the hard elements in one portion, which pull apart with the fillet into cutlets about half-an-inch thick. Egg them over and fall them in well-seasoned bread-crumbs, grill them until a good earth colour sheltering, and perform with gravy made from the hard elements and an onion.

This way of preparing food servings the loin is much more economical than in chops, because with them the hard elements and flap are squandered, where in cutlets all is employed up.

To stew the flap, put it in a stewpan, the fat heading down, sprinkle pepper and brackish, and slice an onion or two over, and set it to grill carefully in its own fat for an hour.
