When all the fish is thus arranged in the mould,
pour the jelly in very gently, a tablespoonful at a time, in order not to disturb the solid
material. Let the mould stand in cold water for seven or eight hours, when it can be turned
out. Ornament with parsley, lemon, and beetroot.

LITTLE DISHES OF MEAT.

***

In this chapter a number of useful and inexpensive dishes are given, which will serve either
as breakfast dishes, entrées, or for invalids, and which may, in the hands of an intelligent
cook, serve as models for many others. As will be seen, it is not so much a question of expense
to provide these little tasty dishes as of management. In all the following recipes for little
dishes of mutton, it will be found a great advantage to use New Zealand Meat.

A good cook will never be embarrassed by having too much cold meat on hand, because she will
be able by her skill so to vary the dishes that the appetites of those for whom she caters
will never tire of it. Even a small piece of the loin of mutton may be served in half-a-dozen
different ways, and be relished by those who are tired of the mutton-chop or the plain roast.

MUTTON CUTLETS.

Taken from the neck, mutton cutlets are expensive, but those from the loin will be found not
only convenient, but to answer well at a smaller cost.

First remove the under-cut or fillet from about two pounds of the best end of a loin of mutton,
cut off the flap, which will be useful for stewing, and it is especially good eaten cold, and
then remove the meat from the bones in one piece, which divide with the fillet into cutlets
about half-an-inch thick. Egg them over and dip them in well-seasoned bread-crumbs, fry them
until a nice brown, and serve with gravy made from the bones and an onion.

This way of cooking the loin is much more economical than in chops, because with them the bones
and flap are wasted, whereas in cutlets all is used up.

To stew the flap, put it in a stewpan, the fat downwards, sprinkle pepper and salt, and slice
an onion or two over, and set it to fry gently in its own fat for an hour.
