His father, Dr.  James A. Bayard, claimed his descent
from the celebrated "Chevalier" Bayard,--a fact which greatly influenced the son as it has
others of the family who have succeeded him in public life. Thus when offered the French mission
James A. Bayard declined it, fearing that it might involve the suspicion of a bargain.  "My
ambitions," he wrote in a letter to a relative, "shall never be gratified at the expense of
a suspicion.  I shall never lose sight of the motto of the great original of our name."

After preparing for the bar.  Bayard settled in Delaware and in 1796 that State elected him
to the lower house of Congress, promoting him in 1804 to the Senate and re-electing him at
the expiration of his first term.  In 1813, President Madison appointed him one of the Commissioners
to conclude the treaty of peace with England.

After the success of that mission, he was appointed minister to Russia, but declined saying
that he had "no wish to serve the administration except when his services were necessary for
the public good."  He died in August 1815.

His speeches show a strong and comprehensive grasp of facts, a power to present them in logical
sequence, and an apprehension of principle which is not often seen in public speeches.  They
were addressed, however, only to the few who will take the pains to do severe and connected
thinking and they are never likely to become extensively popular.

THE FEDERAL JUDICIARY

(Delivered on the Judiciary Bill, in the House of Representatives, on the Nineteenth of February,
1802)

Mr. Chairman:--

I must be allowed to express my surprise at the course pursued by the honorable gentleman from
Virginia, Mr. Giles, in the remarks which be has made on the subject before us.  I had expected
that he would have adopted a different line of conduct.  I had expected it as well from that
sentiment of magnanimity which ought to have been inspired by a sense of the high ground he
holds on the floor of this House, as from the professions of a desire to conciliate, which
he has so repeatedly made during the session.
