Whereas the big cultivator obtained higher prices to balance the
increased cost of production, the peasant, who produced for his own consumption, could only
face such increase by a corresponding decrease in the amount of food consumed. To show how
much alive the rural question is, it is enough to state that peasant risings occurred in 1888,
1889, 1894, 1900, and 1907; that new distributions of land took place in 1881 and 1889; that
land was promised to the peasants as well at the time of the campaign of 1877 as at that of
1913; and that more or less happily conceived measures concerning rural questions have been
passed in almost every parliamentary session. The general tendency of such legislation partook
of the 'free contract' nature, though owing to the social condition of the peasantry the acts
in question had to embody protective measures providing for a maximum rent for arable and pasture
land, and a minimum wage for the peasant labourer.

Solutions have been suggested in profusion. That a solution is possible no one can doubt. One
writer, basing his arguments on official statistics which show that the days of employment
in 1905 averaged only ninety-one for each peasant, claims that only the introduction of circulating
capital and the creation of new branches of activity can bring about a change. The suggested
remedy may be open to discussion; but our author is undoubtedly right when, asking himself
why this solution has not yet been attempted, he says: 'Our country is governed at present
by an agrarian class.... Her whole power rests in her ownership of the land, our only wealth.
The introduction of circulating capital would result in the disintegration of that wealth,
in the loss of its unique quality, and, as a consequence, in the social decline of its possessors.'[1]
This is the fundamental evil which prevents any solution of the rural question. A small class
of politicians, with the complicity of a large army of covetous and unscrupulous officials,
live in oriental indolence out of the sufferings of four-fifths of the Rumanian nation.
