While at Dauphin Island the system of company cooking was abandoned, distributing to each man his proportion of the rations, for disposal at will, was adopted. Company cooks, consequently, were no longer required.

Broke camp, on the 19th, embarked at Fort Gaines on a gunboat (tin clad) and it lay all night in Navy Cove near Fort Morgan. Next day the fleet crossed the Fish River and ascended to Dalney's Mill Landing, on the west side, where the force disembarked and went into camp. The Second Brigade about a mile from the river on the south side of a small but rapid creek was ready. At this place breastworks were commenced to the west, but soon discontinued. Lieutenant Holl and wagoner Henricks rejoined on the 21st, the former having been relieved by the return of the regimental quartermaster.

On the 25th the forward march of the troops for eight miles was made. The next day the Second Brigade was in front and the Sixth Minnesota was detailed for skirmishing, Company E being employed to cover the left flank of the brigade while marching. The enemy's skirmishers hovered in front all the time and an incessant fusillade was kept up. By noon the creek on which Cyrus Sibley's house and mills were was reached and crossed. At about a mile beyond the company was halted and remained with some other companies the whole night. The enemy's pickets and ours were often in view of each other and exchanged many shots. Next morning, the 27th, the rest of the regiment moved up and camped there and breastworks were thrown up and a battery was stationed on the right flank. On the 28th the regiment fell back to the south side of the creek, where the camp of the Second Division was entrenched, immediately opposite Sibley's house.

Here there was very little to do or see, but time enough to listen to the almost continuous cannonading at the Spanish Fort, which however soon ceased to be an object of remark except when, occasionally, the rush of the enormous shells from the rebel gunboats drew every one's attention.
