
While at Dauphin Island the system of company cooking was abandoned, and that of distributing
to each man his proportion of the rations, for disposal at will, adopted instead. Company cooks,
consequently, were no longer required.

Broke camp on the 19th, and embarked at Fort Gaines on a gunboat (tin clad). Lay all night
in Navy Cove near Fort Morgan. Next day the fleet crossed to Fish River and ascended it several
miles to Dalney's Mill Landing, on the west side, where the force disembarked and went into
camp, the Second Brigade being about a mile from the river on the south side of a small but
rapid creek. While at this place breastworks were commenced to the west, but soon discontinued.
Lieutenant Holl and wagoner Henricks rejoined on the 21st, the former having been relieved
by the return of the regimental quartermaster.

On the 25th the forward march of the troops began, and eight miles were made. The next day
the Second Brigade was in front and the Sixth Minnesota was detailed for skirmishing, Company
E being employed to cover the left flank of the brigade while marching. The enemy's skirmishers
hovered in front the whole time and an incessant fusillade was kept up. By noon the creek on
which Cyrus Sibley's house and mills were was reached and crossed, and at about a mile beyond
the company was halted, and remained, with some other companies, on picket there the whole
night. The enemy's pickets and ours were often in view of each other and exchanged many shots.
Next morning, the 27th, the rest of the regiment moved up and camped there; and breastworks
were thrown up and a battery stationed on the right flank. On the 28th the regiment fell back;
to the south side of the creek, where the camp of the Second Division was entrenched, immediately
opposite Sibley's house.

Here there was very little to do or see, but time enough to listen to the almost continuous
cannonading at the Spanish Fort, which however soon ceased to be an object of remark except
when, occasionally, the rush of the enormous shells from the rebel gunboats drew every one's
attention.
