
The importance in which such ladies and such societies were held, not merely in France but
in all Europe, may be judged of from the fact, that the breach between Deffant and her young
companion was treated in some measure as a public European event. The French minister and foreign
ambassadors took part in it, and the whole literary world felt its effect. After this breach
there were two tone-giving tribunals for the guidance of public opinion in matters of literature
and taste, and their decisions were circulated by letter over all Europe. Horace Walpole, Hénault,
Montesquieu. Voltaire, whose correspondence with Deffant has been published in the present
century, remained true to her cause. D'Alembert, whose correspondence with Deffant, as well
as that of the Duchess of Maine, have also been published in our century, went over to L'Espinasse.
This academician, whose name and influence was next in importance to that of Voltaire, formed
the nucleus of a new society in the house of L'Espinasse, and was grievously tormented by his
inamorata, who pursued one plan of conquest after another when she saw one scheme of marriage
after another fail of success. It appears from the whole of the transactions and consequences
connected with this breach, however surprising it may be, that this formation of a new circle
in Paris for evening entertainment may be with truth compared to the institution of a new academy
for the promotion of European culture and refinement. The Duchess of Luxembourg, who continued
to be a firm friend of Deffant, took upon herself to provide suitable apartments for the society,
whilst the minister of the day (the Duc de Choiseul) prevailed upon the king to grant a pension
of no inconsiderable amount to L'Espinasse.

This new circle was the point of union for all the philosophical reformers. Here D'Alembert
and Diderot led the conversation; and the renowned head of the political economists, Türgot,
who was afterward minister of state, was a member of this bolder circle of men who became celebrated
and ill-renowned under the name of Encyclopædists.
