There was
nothing I had done which I had the slightest reason to hide or feel alarm about; yet I was
taking as cautious measures to avoid publicity as if I were flying from justice, and was haunted
all the time by a thrill of terror which I could not assign to any intelligible cause.

In the dusk of the evening, I had the profound happiness of reaching my destination, and all
inquietude was lulled into oblivion by the music of those tones which always went direct to
my heart. The past and the future were equally absorbed in the luxury of Astræa's society,
and I felt that if I needed an excuse for the strange circumstances in which I was placed,
I had an ample one in the devotion of such a woman. The very danger--if danger it was, with
which I was as yet unacquainted--the anxiety, the concealment, the flight we had passed through
to secure our union, enhanced the rapture with which we now met never to be sundered again.

That evening I related to her what had happened the night before, and she gave me an account
of the manner in which she had managed to escape from the dwarf's house; for, in spite of the
self-possession with which she described the incident, it more nearly resembled an escape than
a departure. In fact, she had left the house in the morning, on foot, and was expected back,
as usual, to luncheon after her walk. But luncheon passed, and there were no tidings of her;
and, at dinner-time, a brief note by the post announced her leave-taking, excusing its abruptness,
on the ground of a sudden and urgent call into the country. This was, no doubt, the subject
which the angry shadows on the blinds had been so vehemently discussing the night before. So
violent an infraction of etiquette would have pained me seriously had it occurred under any
other circumstances, or had it been inflicted upon any other persons than the members of that
eccentric family. But we knew them well; how unlike they were to the rest of the world, and
how slight an impression the mere breach of courtesy would make upon them, in comparison with
the malicious curiosity it would awaken!
