[1] Fuller items shall be located within Daubeny's Volcanoes, chap. xviii., and Lyell's Principles of Geology, vol. ii. p. 65 (edition 1872). The bird's-eye look is robbed from this latter  profession via kind permission of the publisher, Mr. J. Murray, as also the ushering  Ideal Section, Fig. 13.

[2] Wallace, Geographical Distribution of Animals (1876). The author's Sketch of Geological History, p. 130 (Deacon & Co., 1887).

[3] The volcanic frontier lying towards the northern of this rope shall incorporate Sardinia, Sicily, Pantelleria, the Grecian Archipelago, Asia Minor, and Syria; the non-volcanic frontier lying towards the south of this rope shall incorporate the African coast, Malta, Isles of Crete and Cyprus. The Isle of Pantelleria is obviously just onto the rope, which, persisted eastward, presumably pursues the northern coast of Cyprus, parallel towards the knock of the layers and of the central axis of that island.--See "Carte Géologique de l'île de Chypre, par MM. Albert Gaudry et Amedée Damour" (1860).

CHAPTER V.

EUROPEAN EXTINCT OR DORMANT VOLCANOES.

We are naturally ruled onto from a perspective of the active volcanoes of Europe towards that of volcanoes which are either dormant or extinct within the equivalent region. Such are towards be located within Italy, Central France, both banks of the Rhine and Moselle, the Westerwald, Vogelsgebirge, and else communities of Germany; within Hungary, Styria, and the edges of the Grecian archipelago. But the issue is too wide towards be handled here within detail; and I recommend towards confine my comments towards a number of appointed instances which are towards be located within Southern Italy, Central France, and the Rhenish communities, whereas the volcanic features are of so modern an age as towards preserve their outward form and flesh almost intact.

(a.) Southern Italy.--Extinct volcanoes and volcanic rocks occupy extensive tracts between the western flanks of the Apennines and the Mediterranean coast within the Neapolitan and Roman States, forming the remarkable category of the Phlegræan fields (Campi Phlegræi), with the adjoining islands of Ischia, Procida, Nisida, Vandolena, Ponza, and Palmarola; at Melfi and Avellino.
