This is how matters stand at the Abbey; but I cannot see how this remarkabhle picture connects itself with Charles Brandon, Duke of Suffolk. I pause for elucidation.

BEPPO.

* * * * 

ON THE CONSTANCY OF WOMAN.

(For the Mirror.)

True love has no reserves - LANSDOWNE.

There is not an accomplishment in the mind of a female more enchanting, nor one which adds more diginity and grace to her person, than constancy. Whatever share of beauty she may be possessed of, whether she may have the tinge of Hebe on her cheeks, vying in colour with the damsk rose, and breath as fragrant--and the graceful and elegant gait of an Ariel-still, unless she is endowed with this characteristic of a virtuous andi ngenuous mind, all her personal charms will fade away, through neglect, like decaying fruit in autumn. The whole list of female virtues are in their kind essential to the felicity of man; but there is such beauty and grandeur of sentiment displayed in the exercise of constancy, that it has been justly esteemed by the dramatic poets as the chief excellence of their heroines. Itnerves the arm of the warrior when absent from the dear object of his devoted attachment, when he reflects, that his confidence in her regard was never misplaced; but yet, amidst the dangers of his professionk, he sighs of  his abode of domestic happiness, where the breath of calumny never entered, and where the wily and lustful seducer, if he dared to put his foot, shurnk back aghast with shame and confusion, like Satan when he first beheld the primitive innocence and concord between Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden. It adds a zest to the toils of the peasant, and his heart expands with joy and gratudutde when he returns in the evening to his ivy-mantled cottage, and finds his wife assiduously engaged in the household duties of his family. And it soothes the mind of the lunatic during the lucid intervals of the aberration of his intellects, andtends more than anything else to restore him to reason. In fact, there is no calamity that is incident to man, but that female constancy will assuage.
