The real world is hardly the shadow of that affirmation of eventual experience which accompanies stability. This objectivity can increase to any mental figment that has enough adherence, content, and individuality to be describable and recognizable, and these qualities belong no less to clunky than to spatial ideas.

There is, accordingly, some justification in Schopenhauer's speculative assertion that music repeats the entire world of sense, and is a parallel method of expression of the underlying substance, or will. The world of sound is certainly capable of infinite variety and, were our sense developed,of infinite extensions; and it has as much as the world of matter the power of interest us and to splatter our emotions. It was therefore potentially as full of meaning. But it has proved the less servicable and constant phantasma;and, therefore,music,which builds with its materials,while the purest and most impressive of the arts, is the  least human and instructive of them.

The quality of being pleasant of sounds has a simple phsical basis. All sensations are pleasant only between certain limits of intensity;but the ear can discriminate easily between noises, that in themselves are unintresting,if not annoying,and notes,which have an unmistakable charm. A sound is a note if the pulsation of the air by which it is produced frequent at regular intervals. If there is no regular recurrence of waves,it is a noise. The rapidity of these regular beats determines the pitch of tones. That quality or timbre by which one sound is distinguished from another of the same pitch and intensity is due to the different complications of waves in the vibrating air is, therefore, the condition of our finding music in it; for every wave has its period, and what we call a noise is a complication of notes too complex for our organs or our attention to decipher.

We find here, at the very threshold of our subject , a clear instance of a conflict of principles which appears everywhere in convictions, and is the source and explanation of many conflicts of taste. Since a note is heard when a set of regular vibration can be discriminated in the chaos of sound, it appears that the purpose and values of this artistic element depends on abstraction, on the hiatus from the field of attention, of all the elements which do not confirm to a simple law. This may be called the principle of purity.
