The real world
is merely the shadow of that assurance of eventual experience which accompanies sanity. This
objectivity can accrue to any mental figment that has enough cohesion, content, and individuality
to be describable and recognizable, and these qualities belong no less to audible than to spatial
ideas.

There is, accordingly, some justification in Schopenhauer's speculative assertion that music
repeats the entire world of sense, and is a parallel method of expression of the underlying
substance, or will. The world of sound is certainly capable of infinite variety and, were our
sense developed, of infinite extensions; and it has as much as the world of matter the power
to interest us and to stir our emotions. It was therefore potentially as full of meaning. But
it has proved the less serviceable and constant apparition; and, therefore, music, which builds
with its materials, while the purest and most impressive of the arts, is the least human and
instructive of them.

The pleasantness of sounds has a simple physical basis. All sensations are pleasant only between
certain limits of intensity; but the ear can discriminate easily between noises, that in themselves
are uninteresting, if not annoying, and notes, which have an unmistakable charm. A sound is
a note if the pulsations of the air by which it is produced recur at regular intervals. If
there is no regular recurrence of waves, it is a noise. The rapidity of these regular beats
determines the pitch of tones. That quality or timbre by which one sound is distinguished from
another of the same pitch and intensity is due to the different complications of waves in the
air; the ability to discriminate the various waves in the vibrating air is, therefore, the
condition of our finding music in it; for every wave has its period, and what we call a noise
is a complication of notes too complex for our organs or our attention to decipher.

We find here, at the very threshold of our subject, a clear instance of a conflict of principles
which appears everywhere in aesthetics, and is the source and explanation of many conflicts
of taste. Since a note is heard when a set of regular vibrations can be discriminated in the
chaos of sound, it appears that the perception and value of this artistic element depends on
abstraction, on the omission from the field of attention, of all the elements which do not
conform to a simple law. This may be called the principle of purity.
