The real world is just shadows that provide experience any accompanying sense. This objectivity may accumulate any mental makeup that has sufficient cohesion and individual content is describable and recognizable, and these qualities are no less sound than the spatial ideas.

There is therefore some justification in Schopenhauer's assertion that music repeated speculative world of sense, and is a parallel method of expressing the basic substance, or will. World of sound is certainly capable of infinite variety and have developed a sense, infinite extension, and has as much power as the world regardless of our interests and stir our emotions. Therefore, its potential as meaningful. But the appearance turned out to be less running and constant, and therefore the music that builds its materials, while the most pure and impressive arts at their human and instructive.

Pleasantness of sound has a simple physical basis. All sensations are pleasant only within certain limits of intensity, but the ear can easily discriminate between sounds, that in themselves are uninteresting, if not annoying, and notes, which have a unique appeal. Sound is available if the pulses of air that is produced recur at regular intervals. If there is no periodic repetition of the waves, is a noise. Abruptness regularly beat tone determines land. The quality or timbre, that makes a sound from another field of the same intensity and various complications due to the air waves, the ability to discriminate different waves of vibrating air is therefore provided to find our music this, for every wave of its period, and what we call noise is a complication of notes too complex for our bodies or our attention to decipher.

Here we find the very threshold of our subject, a clear example of a conflict of principles that appear all over the aesthetic, and source and explain the many conflicts of taste. As a note is heard when a set of regular vibrations can be discriminated in the chaos of sound, it seems that the perception and value of art depends on this element of abstraction, the omission from the field of attention of all the elements that are not complying with a law Simple. This can be called the principle of purity.
