The Mina of 1834, old and bed-ridden, with his energies, mental
perhaps as well as physical, impaired by long inaction, was a very different man from the Mina
of 1810. When fighting against the French, the sympathies of the Navarrese were with him; now
they were against him, and in a war of this description, that difference was of immense importance.
In spite of the wintry season and of the badness of his health, one of the first things he
did on assuming the command was to make an excursion to Puente la Reyna, Mañeru, and other
places, where, in days gone by, he had had his headquarters, and which he had then never entered
without being greeted as a hero and patriot, and welcomed with enthusiastic vivas. He flattered
himself that this enthusiasm would be again awakened by his appearance; and was so much the
more shocked when he found himself received with the utmost coldness and indifference. His
illness was aggravated by disappointment, and he returned angry and disgusted to Pampeluna.
Thence, incapacitated by his infirmities from exerting himself in the field, he directed from
his cabinet the operations of his lieutenants, and issued orders, the cruelty of some of which
soon caused his name to be as much execrated in Navarre as it had there once been venerated.
At no period of the war was less mercy shown to each other by the contending parties than during
Mina's command. Besides shooting all prisoners taken with arms in their hands, he caused the
wounded whom he found in the Carlist hospitals to be slain upon their beds, and garroted or
strangled a gentleman of Pampeluna, for no reason that could be discovered except that he had
two sons with the Carlists. Several forts having about this time being taken or battered by
Zumalacarregui, Mina determined to get possession of the guns with which this had been done.
He was aware of the difficulty the Carlists had in obtaining artillery; and knowing that it
could not easily be transported from one place to another in that rugged and mountainous country,
he conjectured that they were in the habit of burying it, which was actually the case.
