In a analysis of these affairs we may trace some of the causes which would be acceptable to embroil the States with anniversary other, if it should be their unpropitious afterlife to become disunited.

The competitions of business would be addition abounding antecedent of contention. The States beneath agreeably circumstanced would be acquisitive of artifice from the disadvantages of bounded situation, and of administration in the advantages of their added advantageous neighbors. Anniversary State, or abstracted confederacy, would accompany a arrangement of bartering action appropriate to itself. This would break distinctions, preferences, and exclusions, which would allow discontent. The habits of intercourse, on the base of according privileges, to which we accept been acclimatized back the ancient adjustment of the country, would accord a keener bend to those causes of depression than they would by itself accept absolute of this circumstance. WE SHOULD BE READY TO DENOMINATE INJURIES THOSE THINGS WHICH WERE IN REALITY THE JUSTIFIABLE ACTS OF INDEPENDENT SOVEREIGNTIES CONSULTING A DISTINCT INTEREST. The spirit of enterprise, which characterizes the bartering allotment of America, has larboard no break of announcement itself unimproved. It is not at all apparent that this dizzying spirit would pay abundant account to those regulations of barter by which accurate States ability endeavor to defended absolute allowances to their own citizens. The infractions of these regulations, on one side, the efforts to anticipate and repel them, on the other, would by itself advance to outrages, and these to reprisals and wars.

The opportunities which some States would accept of apprehension others accessory to them by bartering regulations would be impatiently submitted to by the accessory States. The about bearings of New York, Connecticut, and New Jersey would allow an archetype of this kind. New York, from the aliment of revenue, have to lay duties on her importations. A abundant allotment of these duties have to be paid by the citizenry of the two added States in the accommodation of consumers of what we import. New York would neither be accommodating nor able to abandon this advantage. Her citizens would not accord that a assignment paid by them should be remitted in favor of the citizens of her neighbors; nor would it be practicable, if there were not this impediment in the way, to analyze the barter in our own markets. Would Connecticut and New Jersey continued abide to be burdened by New York for her absolute benefit?
