In a review of these operations, we can trace some of the reasons that could embroil states among themselves, should be your misfortune to be divided.

The competitions of commerce would be another fruitful source of discord. The States less favorably than in those circumstances want to escape the disadvantages of local situation and participate in the benefits of more fortunate neighbors. Federal State or separately, would develop a system of trade policy is his own. This could lead to distinctions, preferences, and exclusions that would create discontent. Sexual habits on the basis of equal rights we have been accustomed since the earliest settlements in the country, would give a sharp edge to the causes of discontent than they would naturally have independent of this circumstance. We must be prepared to enter INJURY those things that were, in fact, legitimate acts of independent sovereignty consulting a clear interest. The entrepreneurial spirit that characterizes the commercial part of America, has left no chance to prove itself unimproved. It is probable that this unbridled spirit would pay much respect to trade regulations by which certain States might endeavor to secure exclusive benefits to its own citizens. The violations of these rules, on the one hand, efforts to prevent and suppress, on the other hand, naturally lead to outrages, and these to reprisals and wars.

The chances that some States have to make them tax other commercial regulations submitted by states eager to tax. The relative situation of New York, Connecticut and New Jersey would give an example of this type. New York, from the revenue requirement in the case of the customs of their imports. Much of this work will be paid by the residents of the other two states in their capacity as consumers, of what we import. New York would neither want nor can waive these benefits. Its citizens would not allow a tax paid by them must be transferred to the benefit of the citizens of her neighbors, nor will it be possible had it not this impediment in the way, to distinguish the customers in our own markets. Town of Connecticut and New Jersey long submit to be taxed by New York for its own sake?
