In a review
of these transactions we may trace some of the causes which would be likely to embroil the
States with each other, if it should be their unpropitious destiny to become disunited.

The competitions of commerce would be another fruitful source of contention. The States less
favorably circumstanced would be desirous of escaping from the disadvantages of local situation,
and of sharing in the advantages of their more fortunate neighbors. Each State, or separate
confederacy, would pursue a system of commercial policy peculiar to itself. This would occasion
distinctions, preferences, and exclusions, which would beget discontent. The habits of intercourse,
on the basis of equal privileges, to which we have been accustomed since the earliest settlement
of the country, would give a keener edge to those causes of discontent than they would naturally
have independent of this circumstance. WE SHOULD BE READY TO DENOMINATE INJURIES THOSE THINGS
WHICH WERE IN REALITY THE JUSTIFIABLE ACTS OF INDEPENDENT SOVEREIGNTIES CONSULTING A DISTINCT
INTEREST. The spirit of enterprise, which characterizes the commercial part of America, has
left no occasion of displaying itself unimproved. It is not at all probable that this unbridled
spirit would pay much respect to those regulations of trade by which particular States might
endeavor to secure exclusive benefits to their own citizens. The infractions of these regulations,
on one side, the efforts to prevent and repel them, on the other, would naturally lead to outrages,
and these to reprisals and wars.

The opportunities which some States would have of rendering others tributary to them by commercial
regulations would be impatiently submitted to by the tributary States. The relative situation
of New York, Connecticut, and New Jersey would afford an example of this kind. New York, from
the necessities of revenue, must lay duties on her importations. A great part of these duties
must be paid by the inhabitants of the two other States in the capacity of consumers of what
we import. New York would neither be willing nor able to forego this advantage. Her citizens
would not consent that a duty paid by them should be remitted in favor of the citizens of her
neighbors; nor would it be practicable, if there were not this impediment in the way, to distinguish
the customers in our own markets. Would Connecticut and New Jersey long submit to be taxed
by New York for her exclusive benefit?
