At Gomery, in a casualty clearing station, under Dr. Sédillot, there were numerous
wounded remaining in the German lines. A German officer with twenty-five men visited the place
and inspected it and retired, saying that all was in order. But a N.C.O. and a party of soldiers
remained in the street outside. They were excited and kept shouting, "It is war to the death,"
and making signs of cutting throats. They rushed in and with their revolvers shot down Dr.
Sédillot (who happily survived, with others, to give evidence), and set fire to the place.
Maddened by the flames, the wounded (many of whom had had amputations performed on them that
very morning) leapt from the windows on the first floor and fell into the garden, where the
executioners picked them up, gathering them in a bunch, and shot them. In this way Lieutenant
Jeannin and Dr. Charette were murdered, and from one hundred to one hundred and twenty officers
and soldiers--whose wounds should have made them sacred--perished from shot or fire after terrible
sufferings.

When all is said, however, it is better to kill wounded soldiers by fire or sword than by starvation,
as the following incident shows: One hundred wounded Frenchmen, together with Dr. Bender, were
brought to the Stenay barracks, and one hundred and eighty more came in shortly afterwards;
the latter, having been left out unattended on the battle-field for five days, were in a terrible
condition. Dr. Bender in vain begged the Germans for help in getting the wounded men out of
the ambulances into the hospital. The Boches refused, and simply went on sucking their pipes.
Though wounded himself, the doctor, with the aid of two male nurses (Frenchmen both), had to
do the whole thing himself. For several days the Boches gave them no food at all. "Our poor
fellows screamed with hunger,"[14] says the doctor, on oath, and adds, "I had sixty badly wounded
with me, and begged the German army doctor to operate, but he said he had no time. I then asked
his leave to operate myself, but his reply was, "You are in the German lines, and must conform
to our rules." The doctor ends his pathetic evidence with the words, "Nearly all these unhappy
men died of neglect."

We have seen doctors, like Professor Vulpius, actually steal money; but of all the types of
Boche doctors, the most hideous is the hero of the following tale, taken from the deposition
of Dr. Bender. "A French soldier, at Stenay, was under my treatment.
