Many people stood in addition, their children and their relatives under its jurisdiction, and parishes over their territory assigned to him, and eventually became his episcopate of Kerry.

After that Mochudi, committed the care of his cell and parish in some people pious and appropriate, provided he himself, accompanied by a few disciples, in the south of Munster to visit the Monastery Ciaran Mac Fionntan Rosgiallan [Rostellan]. Ciaran asked in Mochudi, where - in South Munster (as the angel mentioned in Comghall) - chief and most distinguished of these churches should be. Ciaran, who possessed the spirit of prophecy, answered - "Let's go to first Meath where you found a famous church in the territory Ibh Neill and will remain for forty years. You must be driven into exile and there you will Munster return to the church will be the largest and most famous. "Mochudi offered to place under the patronage and power Ciaran:" Not so, will be, "said Ciaran," but rather I and my church put under you, forever, leaving only that my son Fuadhran be my successor in this place. "This Mochudi assented and Fuadhran regulated monastic town twenty years as the successor Ciaran abbey.

Then entered the Decies Munster Mochudi where he lived Ruadhain Clanna who placed and all the churches under him, and Colman Mac Cobhthaigh a rich tycoon donated land area expanded to Mochudi where they have placed in person committed - to hold for him. Price took his way there Mochudi Sliabh Gua Looking back across the summit which saw the bank Nemh [Blackwater angels] up and down the sky there. And they took to the sky a silver chair, with a golden image on it. This was the place where long after he founded his famous church and where he went to glory.

Mochudi therefore traveled to the monastery of Clonfert Molua Mac Coinche [Kyle], on the extent of Leinster and Munster. He found in the harvest in mid Molua meitheal a '] team [of mowers. Before setting out on this journey was his current Mochudi, with one exception, rejected all his disciples to their various homes for them, but with one partner, do not want to enter the foreign country ostensibly.
