Many bodies also placed themselves, their children, and their affiliated beneath his jurisdiction, and the abundant parishes of their own area were assigned to him, and assuredly the episcopate of Kerry became his.

Subsequent to this Mochuda, accepting committed the affliction of his corpuscle and archdiocese to assertive pious and acceptable persons, set out himself, accompanied by a few disciples, through the south of Munster to appointment the Abbey of Ciaran Mac Fionntan at Rosgiallan [Rostellan]. From Ciaran Mochuda enquired, where--in south Munster (as the angel had mentioned to Comghall)--the arch and a lot of acclaimed of these churches should be. Ciaran, who bedevilled the spirit of prophecy, replied--"You shall go aboriginal to Meath area you will begin a acclaimed abbey in the area of Ibh Neill and there you will abide for forty years. You shall be apprenticed accordingly into banishment and you will acknowledgment to Munster wherein will be your greatest and a lot of acclaimed church." Mochuda offered to abode himself beneath the advocacy and administration of Ciaran: "Not so, shall it be," said Ciaran, "but rather do I put myself and my abbey beneath you, for ever, reserving alone that my son, Fuadhran, be my almsman in this place." This Mochuda assented to and Fuadhran absolute the apostolic city-limits for twenty years as Ciaran's almsman in the abbacy.

Next, Mochuda entered the area of the Munster Decies area dwelt the Clanna Ruadhain who placed themselves and all their churches beneath him, and one Colman Mac Cobhthaigh a affluent magnate of the arena donated all-encompassing acreage to Mochuda who placed them beneath adherent bodies --to authority for him. Proceeding accordingly Mochuda took his way beyond Sliabh Gua searching aback from the acme of which he saw by the coffer of the Nemh [Blackwater] angels ascendance appear heaven and bottomward thence. And they took up with them to heaven a argent armchair with a aureate angel thereon. This was the abode in which continued afterwards he founded his acclaimed abbey and beginning he ancient himself to glory.

Hence Mochuda travelled to Molua Mac Coinche's abbey of Clonfert [Kyle], on the borders of Leinster and Munster. He begin Molua in the autumn acreage in the bosom of a 'meitheal' [team] of reapers. Before ambience out on this present adventure of his Mochuda had, with one exception, absolved all his aggregation to their assorted homes for he, but with a individual companion, did not ambition to access the aberrant acreage ostentatiously.
