Custom has limited in some measure the use of these abridged titles to classes or collective
bodies, and the adjective takes the same form that the noun itself would have had; but, in
point of fact, it would be just as good English to say "a heavy" as "the heavies" and they
all become unintelligible when we lose sight of the noun to which they belong. If A.E.B. should
assert that a glass of "cold without," because, by those accustomed to indulge in such potations,
it was understood to mean "brandy and cold water, without sugar," was really a draught from
some "well of purest English undefil'd," the confusion of ideas could not be more complete.

Indeed, I very much doubt whether our word "News" contains the idea of "new" at all. It is
used with us to mean intelligence and the phrases, "Is there any thing new?" and "Is there
any news?" present, in my opinion, two totally distinct ideas to the English mind in its ordinary
mechanical action. "Intelligence" is not necessarily "new", nor indeed is "News:" in the oldest
dictionary I possess, Baret's Alvearie, 1573, I find "Olde newes or stale newes." A.E.B. is
very positive that "news" is plural, and he cites the "Cardinal of York" to prove it. All that
I can say is, that I think the Cardinal of York was wrong: and A.E.B. thought so too, when
his object was not to confound me, as may be seen by his own practice in bloc concluding paragraph
of his communication:--"The newes WAS of the victory," &c. The word "means," on the other hand,
is beyond all dispute plural. What says Shakspeare?

  "Yet nature is made letter by no mean
  But nature makes that mean."

The plural was formed by the addition of "s:" yet from the infrequent use of the word except
in the plural, the singular form has become obsolete, and the same form applies now to both
numbers. Those who would apply this reasoning to "News," forget that there is the slight difficulty
of the absence of the noun "new" to start from.

I do not feel bound to furnish proof of so obvious a fact, that many of the most striking similarities
in language are mere coincidences. Words derived from the same root, and retaining the same
meaning, frequently present the most dissimilar appearance, as "evêque" and "bishop;" and the
most distant roots frequently meet in the same word. When your correspondents, therefore, remind
me that there is a French word, noise, I must remind them that it contains not one element
of our English word.
