However, the anatomical tailors we shall not meddle with for the present,
because we do not understand their science; nor with the Greek tailors, because we fear to
take the liberty; nor with the Hebrew tailors, because we are only a Gentile ourselves. Our
object is to draw attention to the doings of an individual who interferes with no science but
his own, and who patronises exclusively his mother-tongue, which is not Hebrew, but broad Scotch.

This individual is Mr Macdonald, a near neighbour of ours, who, about eighteen years ago, listened
with curiosity, but not with dread, to the clamorous pretensions of the craft to which he belonged.
At that time, every man had a 'new principle' of his own for the sneck of the shears, some
theoretical mode of cutting, which was to make the coat fit like the skin. Our neighbour, who
had a practical and mechanical, rather than a speculative head, resolved not to be behind in
the race of competition, but to proceed in a different way. 'It is all very well,' thought
he, 'to talk of principles and theories; but with the requisite apparatus, the human figure
may be measured as accurately as a block of stone;' and accordingly he set to work, not to
invent a theory, but to construct a machine. This machine, though exhibited some time ago in
the School of Arts, and received with great favour, we happened not to hear of till a few days
ago; but a visit to our neighbour puts it now in our power to report that his apparatus does
much more, as we shall presently explain, than measure a customer.

The machine consists of three perpendicular pieces of wood, the centre one between six and
seven feet high, with a plinth for the measuree to stand upon. The wood is marked from top
to bottom with inches and parts of an inch, and is furnished with slides, fitting closely,
but movable at the pleasure of the operator. When the customer places himself upon this machine,
standing at his full height, he has much the appearance of a man suffering the punishment of
crucifixion, only his arms, instead of being extended, hang motionless by his sides, with the
fingers pointed.
