But where can you find out how difficult something is?  Look at all the pictures and think, what appeared in print, and you'll conclude that none of this is worth it.   Of course it is that certain that some have limited talent; and that there are those who have more talent, but we shouldn't be discouraged.  But how many of those are original? Those who have new ideas, and illustrate so, may have a following, but for anyone of any substance to care it has to be more than that, "with a difference."

It's hard to tell Dr. Primrose this very fact.  Beauty is ever hard to define.  Even the power of beauty can suddenly take us.  What more can we do but dismiss the old ideas and pitch on the new ones.  This makes dear Miss Primrose more reconcilable, especially compared to the Vicar and his wife, Moses, and certainly the unyielding Mr. Burchell.  We can't stand here and pretend to explain how all these characters would have fit into their images neatly done by Mr. Mulready, but  thankfully we never were asked.

As it stands, we can only say that this is all new to us.  It will take some time to reconcile all of this, and in the meanwhile we should take this for granted that it does actually represent the ideas and visions of dear Mr. Mulready.  He is quite the clear-sighted omniscient.  He knows his characters well.  

His work as an illustrator demonstrates this success.  We all remember his early work, entitled "the Wold and the Lamb" I believe, shown as two rowdy schoolboys: the soft-hearted fatherless kid, and a bully.  The little orphan's face was something we can never forget, even after all these years.  He just had a whole expression of compassion on his slender face.

And so that's how we got acquainted with the work of Mr. Mulready, a real page-turner.  But how does poor Dr. and Mrs. Primrose appear so real and beautiful, we can't simply say.  Once we're poured out our hearts to Maga, we just turn the page once more.  The pictures only number 32, one per chapter heading.  I don't think there should be just one picture per heading, I think there should be multiple, and not just dealing with what does on in the beginning of each chapter either.
