But the difficulty, wherein does that lie? Look
at all illustrations that have hitherto appeared in print, and you cry out to all--Away with
the failure! Certain it is that but slender abilities have been hitherto employed; and when
we hear of better artists coming to the undertaking, we are hardened against them. And then,
how few come fresh to the tale. To those who do, perhaps a new illustration may have a tenfold
charm; but to any one past five-and-twenty, it must come "with a difference." It is very difficult
to reconcile one to a new Dr Primrose, a new Mrs Primrose. Beauty ever had the power of beauty,
and takes us suddenly; we can more readily dismiss the old idea and pitch on the new, so that
the Miss Primroses are more reconcilable and transferable creatures, than the Vicar and his
wife, or the incomparable Moses and the unyielding Mr Burchell. We cannot pretend to tell how
all these characters would have fitted their images given by Mr Mulready, had the work now
first come into our hands. As it is, we can only say they are new to us. It requires time to
reconcile this. In the meanwhile we must take it for granted, that they actually do represent
those in Mr Mulready's vision, and he is a clear-sighted man, and has been accustomed to look
into character well. His name as the illustrator, gave promise of success. Well do we remember
an early picture by him--entitled, we believe, the Wolf and the Lamb. It represented two schoolboys--the
bully, and the more tender fatherless child. The history in that little picture was quite of
the manner of Goldsmith. The orphan boy's face we never can forget, not the whole expression
of his slender form, though it is many years ago that we saw the picture. So that when the
name of Mulready appeared as illustrator, we said at once, That will do--down came the book,
and here it is before us. The pages have been turned over again and again. We cannot, nevertheless,
quite reconcile our ideas to the new Dr and Mrs Primrose; but in attempting to do so, so many
real artistical beauties have beamed from the pages, that we determined at once to pour out
our hearts to Maga, and turn over page after page once more. The illustrations are thirty-two
in number; one to head each chapter, though, and which we think a defect, the subject of the
illustration is not always in the chapter at the head of which it is. The first is the choice
of a wife--"and chose my wife as she did her wedding-gown."
