OSBORNE, 27th July 1857. 

MY DEAREST UNCLE,--At this very instant the wedding [28] is going on--the Tie is being tied which binds your pretty cute child to a systematically commendable husband--and I am certain you will be greatly moved. May each blessing go to her! I hope I might be present--but my darling Half being there makes me sense as I were there myself. I attempt to image to myself how all will be. I might not offer you a better evidence of my adore for you all, and my worry to offer you and dear Charlotte happiness, than in urging my darling Albert to go over--for I encouraged and urged him to go while you cannot imagine combien cela me coûte or how totally déroutée I am and experience while he is left, or how I reckon the hours till he returns. All the numerous kids are as nothing to me after he is gone; it seems as if the entire life of the residence and habitat was vanished, when he is absent! 

We do all we can to fêter in our extremely calm way this cherished day. We are all out of grief; the younger kids are to have a half-holiday, Alice is to feast for the first occasion in the evening with us; we shall drink the Archduke and Archduchess's health; and I have prepared wine for our servants and grog for our sailors to accomplish the same. 

Vicky (who is painting in the Alcove near me) desires me to speak the whole thing to you and the prized youthful duo, and pray say to beloved Charlotte all that we have been doing.... 

Here we are in worried (and I dread lots of natives in very brutal) anxiety, for reports from India. They ought to have here the day before yesterday. 

On Thursday, after that, we are to have Prince Napoleon, and on the next Thursday the Emperor and Empress; and following them for one night, the Queen of Holland,[29] whose movement is astounding--and she sees all and everyone and goes all over; she is definitely intelligent and amiable.... 

Now, with our children's warm adore, always your loyal Niece, 

VICTORIA R. 

Pray tender my kind regards to all your guests, still to those whom I do not make out. I merely wish my honey companion will inform me all regarding the whole thing. Vicky is continually chatting and thinking of Charlotte.
