OSBORNE, 27th july 1857.

MY DEAREST UNCLE going to being marriage at tgus movement he tied which binds your lovely sweet husband and iam sure you will be much moved sweet child. May every blessing attend her! i wish icould be present(28) but my dearest half being there makes me feel where there my self. i try to pictrure to my be how all my self. I try to my self how all will be. i could not give you a greater proof of my love for you all, and my anxiety to give  you and a greater proof of my self how all will be. i could not give you greater proof of my love for you, all and my anxiety to give you and dearest Charlotte pleasure, than in urging my dearest Albert to go over to over the team for i encouraged and urged him to go though you can not think combien celan me cute or how completely derotee i am and feel when he is away, or how i count the hours till he returns. All the numerous children are as nothing to me when he is away; It seems as nothing to me whin he is away; It seems as if the wholw life of the house and home were gone, when he is away!

We do all we can to feter in our very quiet way this dear day. We are all outof morning; The younger children are to have a half of the holiday. Alice is to dine for the first time in the evening with us; We shall drink the Archduke and Archduchess's healths: And i have ordered wine for our servants, and grog for our sailors to do the same. 

Vicky (who is painting in the Alcove near me) 
whishes me to say everything to0 you and the dear young couple, and pray tell dear charlotte all that we have been doing well;

Here we are in anxious (and i fear many people in very cruel) suspense, for news from india. They have ought to arrived the day before yesterday and before yesterday.

on Thursday, then we are to have Prince Napoleon, and on the following Thursday the Eperor and Empress; And after them for one night, the queen of Holland. [29]whose activity is astoundingof another and she sees everything and everybody and goes every where. she is certainly clever and amiable and another

Now, with our children's affectionate love, ever your devoted NIece.

VICTORIA;

Pray offer my kind regards to all your visitors, even to those whom i do not know. Only i hope my dearest husband will tell me all about everything Vicky is constantly talking and thinkinf of charlotte.
