He is a gentle man who is very quite and amicable in nature.  He is very brilliant and quite familiar with some famous languages such as the French, German, and Italian Languages.  He is well known about Botany and Entomology subjects.  So he was thinking to get a permanent employment in somewhere.  So he was very familiar with the most satisfactory references as to competency and respectability of family and connections. 
His address is F. G. H., C/o. Mr. Newman, Printer, 9. Devonshire  Street, Bishops gate Street. 
ALLSOPP'S   PALE or BITTER ALE.--MESSRS. S. ALLSOPP & SONS begged to inform the trade and they are now registering orders for the March brewing of their PALE ALE in Casks of 18 Gallons.  Also they are going upwards, at the BREWERY, Burton-on-Trent; and at the under-mentioned Branch Establishments: 
Some of the addresses are as follows:   No. 61, King William Street, LIVERPOOL city, London and at Manchester, Cook Street. Duce Place. DUDLEY, Glasgow, at the Burnt Tree, 115. St. Vincent Street. DUBLIN, 1. Crampton Quay. BIRMINGHAM, Market Hall, SOUTH WALES, 13. King Street, Bristol. 
MESSRS. ALLSOPP & SONS has taken an opportunity to announce to private families that their Ales are so strongly and sincerely recommended by the Medical Professions.  They may be procured in draught and bottles Genuine from all the most Respectable licensed victualers on Allopp’s Pale Ale being specially asked for.
When in bottle, the genuineness of the label can be determined by its "ALLSOPP & SONS" written across it. 
It will be patronized by the Royal Family. 
Two thousand pounds will be given to any suitable person who is producing articles superior to the following:  
The hair restored and grayness prevented: 
BEETHAM'S CAPILLARY FLUID is acknowledged for the most effective article for restoring the hair in baldness and for strengthening the weak roots of the hair.  When they are becoming very weak it will certainly and effectively prevent the hair from falling or turning grey.  It is also helpful for restoring its natural color without the use of dye. Due to its rich glossy appearance, it will definitely be admired by every one and every person. There are thousands of people have experienced positively from its astonishing efficacy and amazing result. 
 Usual bottles 2s., 6d..  Bottles in double size 4s. 6d. bottles with 7s. 6d are equal to 4 small bottles. 11s is equal to 6 small and   21s is equal to 13 small. This is actually considered as the most perfect beautifier ever invented. 
Superfluous hair removed: 
Beetham’s Vegeable Extract is not responsible to create any kind of pain or injury to the user’s skin. It is very effective in unerring and it is now patronized by royalty and hundreds of the first families. Each bottle contains -  5s. 
Beethan’s Plaster is the only effectual remover of Corns and Bunions. It also reduces enlarged Great Toe Joints in an astonishing manner.
