A gentleman who is quite conversant with the french, german, and italian languages, and well acquainted with botany and entomology, is desirous of obtaining some permanent employment. The most satisfactory references as to competency and respectability of family and connections can be given.

Address, f. G. H., care of mr. Newman, printer, 9. Devonshire street, bishopsgate street.

* * * * *

Allsopp's pale or bitter ale.--messrs. S. Allsopp & sons beg to inform the trade that they are now registering orders for the march brewings of their pale ale in casks of 18 gallons and upwards, at the brewery, burton-on-trent; and at the under-mentioned branch establishments:

London, at 61. King william street, city. Liverpool, at cook street. Manchester, at ducie place. Dudley, at the burnt tree. Glasgow, at 115. St. Vincent street. Dublin, at 1. Crampton quay. Birmingham, at market hall. South wales, at 13. King street, bristol.

Messrs. Allsopp & sons take the opportunity of announcing to private families that their ales, so strongly recommended by the medical professions, may be procured in draught and bottles genuine from all the most respectable licensed victuallers, on "allsopp's pale ale" being specially asked for.

When in bottle, the genuineness of the label can be ascertained by its having "allsopp & sons" written across it.

* * * * *

Patronised by the royal family.

Two thousand pounds for any person producing articles superior to the following:

The hair restored and greyness prevented.

Beetham's capillary fluid is acknowledged to be the most effectual article for restoring the hair in baldness, strengthening when weak and fine, effectually preventing falling or turning grey, and for restoring its natural colour without the use of dye. The rich glossy appearance it imparts is the admiration of every person. Thousands have experienced its astonishing efficacy. Bottles 2s. 6d.; double size, 4s. 6d.; 7s. 6d. Equal to 4 small; 11s. To 6 small; 21s. To 13 small. The most perfect beautifier ever invented.

Superfluous hair removed.

Beetham's vegetable extract does not cause pain or injury to the skin. Its effect is unerring, and it is now patronised by royalty and hundreds of the first families. Bottles, 5s.

Beetham's plaster is the only effectual remover of corns and bunions. It also reduces enlarged great toe joints in an astonishing manner.
