A gentleman who is quite familiar with French, German, Italian and Dutch, and well acquainted with Botany and Entomology, is eager to obtain permanent employment. References to the satisfaction of competence and respectability and family ties can be given.

Address F. G. H., care of MR. Newman, Printer, 9. Devonshire Street, Bishopsgate.

* * * * *

Pale or bitter ALLSOPP'S OF .-- Messrs. S. ALLSOPP & SONS TRADE please inform that they are now recorded in March Brewings Orders for their pale ale in barrels of 18 gallons and above the brewery, Burton-on-Trent, and the under-mentioned branch units :

London, 61. King William Street, City. LIVERPOOL, at Cook Street. Manchester, the place to go. Dudley, in Tree burned. GLASGOW, at 115. St. Vincent Street. DUBLIN, 1. Crampton Quay. Birmingham, the market hall. South Wales, 13. King Street, Bristol.

Gentlemen. ALLSOPP & SONS take the opportunity to notify families private ALES them so strongly recommended by the medical professions, can be purchased in the draft and GENUINE BOTTLES all VICTUALLERS LICENSED most respectable, the "ALLSOPP'S lager beer, is especially required .

When the bottle, label authenticity can be determined by its having "ALLSOPP & SONS" written across it.

* * * * *

Patronised royal family.

Two thousand pounds to any person who produces higher following items:

HAIR GREYNESS restored and prevented.

BEETHAM capillary'S FLUID article is acknowledged to be most effective in restoring hair to bald, weak and thin when reinforcement, effectively preventing hair or turning gray, and to restore its natural color without using paint. Rich glossy appearance it gives is the admiration of every person. Thousands of people have experienced amazing effectiveness. 2B bottles. 6d, double size, 4S .. 6d, 7s .. 6d. four equal size, 11S. small 6, 21s. for small 13. Beautifier most perfect ever invented.

HAIR removed superfluous.

'S VEGETABLE EXTRACT BEETHAM not cause pain or injury to the skin. Its effect is infallible, and is now owned by royalty and hundreds of first families. Bottles, 5S.

'S BEETHAM plaster removal is effective only for weft and Bunions. It also reduces the extended Great Toe Joints in an amazing way.
