
These widely known pieces were composed during the last part of MacDowell's residence at Boston,
just before he left for New York to take up his duties as professor of music at Columbia University.
In these Woodland Sketches we come for the first time to the point at which his pianoforte
poems are absolutely responsive to elemental moods, unaffected in style and yet distinguished,
free from commonplace, speaking with a personal note that is inimitable. They are, as a whole,
mature Nature poems of an exquisite and charming order, beautiful not only for their outward
manifestations, but for the deeper significance they give to their sources of inspiration.

1. To a Wild Rose (with simple tenderness). This is one of the most charming and well known
of MacDowell's small pieces. It is founded on a simple melody of the Brotherton Indians, and
has a poise of the most refined and beautiful order. The composer was always afraid of the
less intelligent music lovers "tearing it up by the roots." A vocal arrangement has been made
by Herman Hagedorn, but the words are sickly and commonplace in sentiment, and so unnaturally
cramped, that the song is artistically worthless.

2. Will o' the Wisp (Swift and light; fancifully). This is a very imaginative piece, full of
mysterious and shadowy lightness, and swift of movement. It seems to just float over the keys
and in its general effect is fascinating and spirit-like, with dancing little lights flickering
in the shadows.

3. At an Old Trysting-place (Somewhat quaintly; not too sentimentally). This is the shortest
piece of the set, and is only thirty bars long. It is cramped into one page in the current
edition of the sketches. The melody is tender, undulating and expressive and is supported by
full but always clear chords, with typical modulations. The broadness of the chord writing,
together with the general tone of the piece as a whole, seems to call for orchestral colouring
and foreshadows MacDowell's most advanced period. As a whole, it is contemplative, expressing
the wistfulness of one who stands at a quiet place, musing on bygone meetings there.

4. In Autumn (Buoyantly, almost exuberantly). MacDowell threw an irresistible joyous excitement
into this piece (as he did later in the superb The Joy of Autumn, from New England Idyls, Op.
62). In Autumn opens with a brisk staccato theme, followed by little chromatic runs which seem
to suggest the whistling of the wind through the tree-tops.
