These pieces were composed in the latter part of the residence known MacDowell in Boston, just before he left New York to take up his position as professor of music at Columbia University. In these sketches of forests for the first time I got to the point where his poems are most responsive piano in elementary states, unaffected style and distinguished yet free from trivial, speaking with a personal touch is inimitable. They are, as a whole poems, mature nature of a refined order and charming, beautiful not only for their external manifestations, but also give deeper meaning to their sources of inspiration.

1. To a wild rose (with tenderness easy). This is one of the most charming and well known pieces of MacDowell. It is based on a simple melody Brotherton Indians, and has a balance of the finest and most beautiful order. The composer was always afraid of music lovers less intelligent ", this breaking the roots." Vocal arrangement was made by Herman Hagedorn, but words are sickly and frequent feelings, and so unnaturally cramped, that song is inartistic.

2. Will a "swamp (Swift and light, fancifully). This is a very imaginative piece, full of mystery and shadows easily, and fast movement. It seems to float over the keys and, in general, the effect is fascinating and mind-like dance lights flickering a bit in shadow.

3. Trysting a rather old (Strangely enough, not too sentimental). This is the shortest piece set, and is only thirty bars long. It is squeezed to a page in the current edition of the sketches. The song is tender, curled and expressive and is backed by full arrangements, but always clear, with typical modulation. Broadness of writing chord with the general tone of the piece as a whole, seems to call for orchestral color and foreshadows period MacDowell's most advanced. Overall, the meditative, expressing wistfulness of one who is at a quiet place for meditation, past meetings there.

4. In autumn (Buoyantly, almost ebullient). MacDowell threw an irresistible feeling of joy in this piece (as it did later in the great joy of autumn in New England Idyls, Op 62) .. Autumn opens with a lively staccato theme, followed by little chromatic runs that seem to suggest the wind whistling through the tree-tops.
