These famous pieces were composed during the latter part of the MacDowell residence in Boston, just before traveling to New York to take his post as professor of music at Columbia University. These schemes we first forests to the point that his poems are definitely Pianoforte sensitive to elemental moods, unchanged in style and yet distinguish between freedom from commonplace to speak with a personal text that is unmatched. They are, as a whole, mature poems by an exquisite order nature and charming, beautiful, not only by its external manifestations, but the deeper meaning they give to their sources of inspiration.

First For Wild Rose (with simple pain). This is one of the most evocative and famous MacDowell small parts. It is based on a simple melody of the Brotherton Indians, and has a balance of more refined and beautiful order. The composer was always afraid of music fans less intelligent "break with the disorder." A vocal arrangement has been made by Herman Hagedorn, but words are weak and common emotions, and so unnatural that the song is filled with artistically worthless.

Second or will "lock (Swift and light; capriciously). This is a very imaginative piece, full of comfort and fast-moving shadows and mysterious. It seems to float just above the keys and their overall effect is fascinating and as soul, dance a little light flashes in the dark.

Third in an old trysting context (something curiously, not too sentimental). This is the smallest piece of the game, and is only thirty bars long. It is tight on a page in the current edition of the sketches. Melody is tender, mountainous and expressive and is supported entirely, but always ready in line with typical modulations. The width of the string writing, together with the general tone of the book as a whole, seems to invite orchestral coloration and Tips MacDowell art period. On the whole, is contemplative, expresses a melancholy that is in a quiet, dreaming of past meetings there.

Fourth in the fall (cheerful, almost exuberant). MacDowell excited launched an irresistible tension in this piece (which he did later in the fabulous The Joy of Autumn, New England Idyll, op. 62). In the year opens with a lively staccato theme, followed by a small color runs that seem to imply the rustle of wind through the treetops.
