It is a sort of Lord Mayor's day. The  head  magistrate of the  locality   proceeds   forward  in  large  pomp,  conveyed  on men's  bears,  in an open  seating,  with gongs  drubbing,   melodies  playing, and nymphs and satyrs seated  amidst  artificial rocks and trees,  conveyed  in procession. 
He  moves  to the general parade-ground, on the east  boundary  of Canton, on the  subsequent  day, being Lapchun, the first day of  leap,  in a  comparable  style. There a buffalo, with an  rural  god made of  plastic  loam,   having been paraded through the  boulevards,  and pelted by the populace, to impel its labours, is  left  on the ground, in  grave  state, when this  agent   minister  of  leap   renders  it a  small number   rubs  with a whip, and  moves out  it to the populace, who pelt it with  boulders  till it is broken to pieces; and so the foolish  commemoration  terminates. The due observance of this  aged  usage is  assumed  to  augment   highly  to an abundant year.

PAWNBROKING. 
Is  conveyed  on to a very  large   span  in China. The  scheme   appears   split up  into two parts; one  agency  affording  help  to those in the very inferior  strolls  of life, and chiefly confined to very  little  advances; the other  allocating   borrowings  upon  down payments  of higher  worth,  and corresponding with  alike  establishments in England. These are authorized by the government; but there are  other ones,  we are  acquainted,  that  live  without this  restriction,  and are  administered  to the  respite  of the mercantile interest. These assimilate very  almost  to the late  task  in London of an Equitable Loan Company,  producing   improvement  upon cargoes and large  down payments  of goods. 
These  dwellings  are as conspicuously  demonstrated,  by an exterior  signal  over the  doorway,  as our  stores  in England are by the three golden balls; but,  if  they  show  the  identical  doctrine of  possibility  as to the  come back  of  house,  we will not  imagine  to say. Three years are  permitted  to redeem, with a grace of three months.
 TORTURE. 
In China, the  regulations  still  allow  torture, to a  characterised   span,  and the magistrate often  imposes  it,  opposing  to law. Compressing the ancles of men between  timber  levers, and the  appendages  of women with a  little  apparatus, on the  identical   standard,  is the most  common  form.
