I was sure now that the horrible old thing had known what would happen, had wanted it to happen, and had gone hobbling away to fetch her wicked gipsy sons. How she had looked at my poor little purse! How she had looked at Pamalea's watch!

I saw now how it was that I had been so stupid. The dim light from above had lain on the last step and made it appears as if the floor were near; but there was a gap between the stairway and the bottom of the cellar. The lower steps had been hewn away--perhaps in a quest for the ever-elusive treasure. Maybe a crack had appeared, and people, always searching, ahd suspected a secret opening and tried to find it. Anyway, there was the gap, and there was a rough pile of broken stone not far off,which had once been the end of the rocky stairway. It was lucky that I hadn't struck my forehead against it in falling--the only bit of luck which the fortune-teller had brought me!

As it was, I was not seriously hurt. Perhaps I had torn my dress, and I should certainly have to buy a new pair of gloves, whether I could afford them or not; otherwise I didn't think I should suffer, except for a few black-and-blue patches. But how was I to get out of his dark hole? That was the question. I was too hot with anger against the sly old fox of a women, who had pretended that she wanted to say her prayers, to feel the chill of fear; but I couldn't help understanding that she had got me into this trap with the object of annexing my watch and purse or anything else of value. Perhaps the gipsy sons would rob me first, and then murder me, rather than I should live to tell; but if they meant to do that they would have to come and be at it soon, I should be missed and sought.

This last fancy really did turn me cold, and the nice hot anger which ahd kept me warm began to ooze out at my fingers and toes. I thought of my brave new brother, who would fight ten gipsy men to save me if he only knew; and then I wanted to cry.

But that would be the silliest thing I could do. Soon they would begin to look for me(oh, how furious Lady Turnour would be that I should dare keep her waiting, and at the fuss about a servant!) and if I screamed at the top of my voice maybe some one would hear.

I took a long breath, and gave vent to a blood-curdling shriek which would have made the fortune of a actress on the stage. Odd! I couldn't help thinking of that at the time. One thinks of queer things at the most inappropriate moments.
