I wonder if I should ask Annie to marry me, and I wonder also whence came those--actually--millions of wine bottle corks that strew the beach to my right. From a destructive incident? from old fishing nets? or just from the natural drinking of beer at the building of the breakwater?
Coming back to Down End, I found a mobile threshing machine at my job in the rick-yard. I had heard the monotonous thrumming of its wheels a long way away. The scene is one of great animation, the machine is brought up against the conical-shaped haystack, its dark smoke stretches out in serpentine coils against the sky. A dozen men are busy about it: those who work it, old Anderson, son Robert--a dreadful lout he is too, quite unlike his sister--various other louts of the same calibre, the two little male kids, very much a nuisance, and Mrs. Anderson and Annie, who have just brought out bottles of beer. I naturally stop to chat with Annie and watch the threshing. Anderson is grinding out some of last year's oats for the cows.
Son Robert comes to take a drink out of Annie's bottle. "That's really good, measter, ain't it?" he says to me, and wipes his mouth with the back of his hand. I go in thoughtfully. Is son Robert just rightly the sort of man I should want to call brother-in-law?
April 11, 12.--These couple of days I have been casting up the pros and cons of a marriage with Annie. Should this be so--or not be so? I suffer from a Hamlet-like confusion. On the one hand I get a good, an amiable, an loving little wife, who would grant my slightest wish, who would warm my slippers for me, for whom I should be her only care. She would never argue with me, never disagree me, never make fun of me; would never laugh at all unless I allowed her, for she would give into my care, as a proper wife should, the key of her smiles and of her tears. But of course I should hope her to laugh. I should want the dear little creature to remain as happy and carefree as she possible can. Dear Annie! what surprise and delight will shine in your virgin blue eyes when I tell you my story! Your childlike thanks will be almost embarrassing.
