I wonder whether I shall ask Annie to be my wife, and I wonder also
whence came those--literally--millions of wine bottle corks that strew the beach to my right.
From a wreck? from old fishing nets? or merely from the natural consumption of beer at the
building of the breakwater?

Coming back to Down End, I find a travelling threshing machine at work in the rick-yard. I
had heard the monotonous thrumming of its wheels a good way off. The scene is one of great
animation, the machine is drawn up against the conical-shaped haystack, its black smoke stretches
out in serpentine coils against the sky. A dozen men are busy about her: those who work her,
old Anderson, son Robert--a dreadful lout he is too, quite unlike his sister--various other
louts of the same calibre, the two little boys, very much in everyone's way, and Mrs. Anderson
and Annie, who have just brought out jugs of ale. I naturally stop to say a few words to Annie
and watch the threshing. Anderson is grinding out some of last year's oats for the cattle.

Son Robert comes to take a pull out of Annie's jug. "That's prime, measter, ain't it?" he says
to me, and wipes his mouth with the back of his hand. I go in thoughtfully. Is son Robert exactly
the sort of man I should care to call brother-in-law?

April 11, 12.--These two days I have been casting up the pros and cons of a marriage with Annie.
Shall it be--or not be? I suffer from a Hamlet-like perplexity. On the one hand I get a good,
an amiable, an adoring little wife, who would forestall my slightest wish, who would warm my
slippers for me, for whom I should be the Alpha and Omega of existence. She would never argue
with me, never contradict me, never dream of laughing at me; would never laugh at all unless
I allowed her, for she would give into my keeping, as a good wife should, the key of her smiles
and of her tears. But of course I should wish her to laugh. I should wish the dear little creature
to remain as merry and thoughtless as possible. Dear Annie! what surprise and delight will
shine in your innocent blue eyes when I tell you my story! Your childlike gratitude will be
almost embarrassing.
