First unneeded books were disposed of, and more recent popular and standard books were added. Then the collection was classified and catalogued by way of the Dewey System of Classification. As years went by, complaints regarding the lack of a printed catalogue were made continuously, leading to the publication of "The Readers' Guide".

"The Readers' Guide" was a bi-monthly magazine featuring entire or partial sections of an annotated and classified catalogue of books in a section directly after its revision. In addition, it included an annotated list of books recently added to the Library. On 1st November, 1911, the first number was published, including the Fiction Catalogue. The collection of catalogues featuring combined the titles of more than 17,000 works was finished in the volume for May, 1915. Since then, in addition to the normal list of recent literature, "Readers' Guide" has contained bibliographies of specified local subjects and items of popular interest. The special bibliographies have included the European War, Shakespeare, Norfolk Artists, Child Welfare, Thomas Gray, Agincourt and Erpingham, Lord Nelson, and George Borrow, as well as subjects of the annual University Extension lectures.

The Library went through many personnel changes between 1911 and 1916. The strain of reorganising work and the requirement for an experienced assistant on staff led the committee to hire a Sub-Librarian in 1913, leading to the acquisition of Charles Nowell, Chief Assistant of the Coventry Public Libraries, and recipient of four Library Association certificates, in November of that year.

For the benefit of patrons, two card catalogues are available at the Lending Library, one including complete authors, and the other a complete classified catalogue, with multiple subject guide cards to make ease of reference. A collection of books specifically for young readers was acquired in 1911 to form a Juvenile Department of the Lending Library, so that youth may use the large library which could be beneficial and valuable for them after school. Mr. Nowell, Sub-Librarian, prepared a classified catalogue of the books in the Juvenile Department was published in September, 1914, with an enlarged edition following in September, 1916.
