First the useless books were discarded, and new standard
and popular books were added.  The class was then closely classified according to the Dewey
System of Classification, and catalogued.  As complaints regarding the lack of a printed catalogue
had been made continuously for several years, it was decided, as an immediate advantage to
the public, to publish at the price of one penny, a bi-monthly magazine entitled "The Readers'
Guide," which would contain the whole or a portion of an annotated and classified catalogue
of the books in one of the sections immediately after its revision, and also an annotated list
of new books added to the Library.  The Fiction Catalogue was published in the first number,
which was issued on 1st November, 1911, and the series of classified catalogues containing
altogether the titles of over 17,000 volumes was completed in the issue for May, 1915, since
which date the "Readers' Guide" has contained special bibliographies of local subjects and
topics of current interest, in addition to the usual list of recent books.  The special bibliographies
have included the subjects of the University Extension lectures each year, George Borrow, Lord
Nelson, Agincourt and Erpingham, Norfolk Artists, the European War, Shakespeare, Child Welfare,
and Thomas Gray.  For the use of borrowers two card catalogues have been installed in the Lending
Library, the one being a complete author catalogue, and the other a complete classified catalogue,
with numerous subject guide cards to facilitate reference.

A stock of books specially suitable for juvenile readers was obtained in 1911 to form a Juvenile
Department of the Lending Library, in order that the young people should acquire a facility
in the use of a large library which would be of value to them after leaving school.  A classified
catalogue of the books in this Department was prepared by the Sub-Librarian under the supervision
of the City Librarian, and was published in September, 1914, and an enlarged edition was published
in September, 1916.

During the period 1911-1916 there were several changes in the personnel of the staff.  The
great pressure of the re-organising work and the need for a trained assistant on the staff
led the Committee to advertise for a Sub-Librarian in 1913, and in November Mr. Charles Nowell,
Chief Assistant of the Coventry Public Libraries, and the holder of four certificates of the
Library Association, was appointed to the position.
