
Another method of disposing of manure has been recommended by English writers. The manure is
built up in a compact rectangular heap, the sides of which are beaten hard with shovels. The
ground around the edges of the heap is made smooth and hard and loose straw is placed in small
windrows around the manure pile about 1 foot from the edge. The exclusion of the air, together
with the high temperature and gases formed by fermentation, tends to make the heap unfavorable
for the development of fly larvæ. Those which do happen to develop in the surface layers will
migrate and pupate in the ring of straw around the heap, where they are destroyed by burning.

GARBAGE DISPOSAL AND TREATMENT OF MISCELLANEOUS BREEDING PLACES.

It is just as true under farm conditions as in cities that breeding places other than horse
manure must be attended to. Garbage must be disposed of, hog and poultry manure must be cared
for, and especially on dairy farms it is extremely important that every precaution be taken
to prevent the contamination of milk by flies.

It is very desirable that all refuse possible, accumulated from cities and towns, be burned.
Incineration has been practiced successfully by a number of towns and cities with populations
of from 10,000 to 15,000 and over. In larger cities provision should be made for burning carcasses
as well as garbage and other refuse. If city and town garbage is sold to hog feeders the municipal
authorities should have control of the sanitary conditions about the feeding yards, as there
is great danger from fly breeding in such places if not kept clean.

SEWAGE DISPOSAL IN RELATION TO THE PREVENTION OF FLY-BORNE DISEASES.

In the consideration of these measures we have not touched upon the remedies for house flies
breeding in human excrement. On account of the danger of the carriage of typhoid fever, the
dropping of human excrement in the open in cities or towns, either in vacant lots or in dark
alleyways, should be made a misdemeanor, and the same care should be taken by the sanitary
authorities to remove or cover up such depositions as is taken in the removal of the bodies
of dead animals.
