The prints make a part of the page, and designs, with few exceptions, are happy. Numerous facsimiles of handwriting added autographs for fans, and the point of printing, which is beyond a question that the volume handsomest and most tasteful in the United States ever produced. The press can take some Riverside are currently with the classic names in the history of art. But the sentence is shown in the choice of poems that the book deserves its praise leader. Our readers do not need to be told that Dr. Palmer is, or someone who can write so well yourself is likely to know what good writing is in others. We had never looked so good and the choice of an anthology. The width of its territory and its catholicity can be estimated by their including William Blake and Dibdin, King and Bishop Dr. Maginn. It would be difficult to find the person that would not meet here a favorite poem. We can talk about our own knowledge of the duration of work and loving care that have been dedicated to her, and the result is a gift book unique in its way and adapted to all seasons and all tastes. Nor has the union (an art in the United States is far behind the time) into oblivion. The same taste is felt here, and Matthews, of New York has sent his admirable workmanship.

In volume Mr. Stoddard have a selection of poems by poet, as illustrated by the loves of the poets. It's a happy thought happy reality. With the exception of Dante, Petrarch and Tasso, the choice is made of English poets, and to this day. It is a book for lovers, and he should be demanding that they can not find her lover somewhere in between the sheets. The selection of the poets of the Elizabethan and Jacobian periods is particularly full, and this is as it should, because at no time was our language more equally distant from the conventions and clichés, or installed as to improve the force of passion with thought and hidden air courtesy of the sentence. The book is a chance to teach, and for, because although everyone knows how to fall in love, few know how to love. It is a mirror of feminine beauty and devotion manly.
