The engravings
make a part of the page, and the designs, with few exceptions, are happy. Numerous fac-similes
of handwriting are added for the lovers of autographs; and in point of printing, it is beyond
a question the handsomest and most tasteful volume ever produced in America. The Riverside
Press may fairly take rank now with the classic names in the history of the art. But it is
for the judgment shown in the choice of the poems that the book deserves its chief commendation.
Our readers do not need to be told who Dr. Palmer is, or that one who knows how to write so
well himself is likely to know what good writing is in others. We have never seen so good and
choice a florilegium. The width of its range and its catholicity may be estimated by its including
William Blake and Dibdin, Bishop King and Dr. Maginn. It would be hard to find the person who
would not meet here a favorite poem. We can speak from our own knowledge of the length of labor
and the loving care that have been devoted to it, and the result is a gift-book unique in its
way and suited to all seasons and all tastes. Nor has the binding (an art in which America
is far behind-hand) been forgotten. The same taste makes itself felt here, and Matthews of
New York has seconded it with his admirable workmanship.

In Mr. Stoddard's volume we have a poet selecting such poems as illustrate the loves of the
poets. It is a happy thought happily realized. With the exception of Dante, Petrarch, and Tasso,
the choice is made from English poets, and comes down to our own time. It is a book for lovers,
and he must be exacting who cannot find his mistress somewhere between the covers. The selection
from the poets of the Elizabethan and Jacobian periods is particularly full; and this is as
it should be; for at no time was our language more equally removed from conventionalism and
commonplace, or so fitted to refine strength of passion with recondite thought and airy courtliness
of phrase. The book is one likely to teach as well as to please; for, though everybody knows
how to fall in love, few know how to love. It is a mirror of womanly loveliness and manly devotion.
