Then she called for food, and they ate and washed their hands, after which the maids brought
wine, and they drank. Presently, the lady took the dulcimer, for she was skilled to play thereon,
and sang to it the following verses:

Fortune is still on the shift, now gladness and now woe; I liken
     it to the tide, in its ceaseless ebb and flow.
So drink, if thou have the power, whilst it is yet serene, Lest
     it at unawares depart, and thou not know.

They gave not over carousing till nightfall, and this day was pleasanter than the first. When
the night came, the lady went to her sleeping-chamber, leaving Sherkan with the damsels. So
he threw himself on the ground and slept till the morning, when the damsels came to him with
tambourines and other musical instruments, according to their wont. When he saw them, he sat
up; and they took him and carried him to their mistress, who came to meet him and taking him
by the hand, made him sit down by her side. Then she asked him how he had passed the night,
to which he replied by wishing her long life; and she took the lute and sang the following verses:

Incline not to parting, I pray, For bitter its taste is  alway.
The sun at his setting grows pale, To think he must part from the
     day.

Hardly had she made an end of singing, when there arose of a sudden a great clamour, and a
crowd of men and knights rushed into the place, with naked swords gleaming in their hands,
crying out in the Greek tongue, "Thou hast fallen into our hands, O Sherkan! Be sure of death!"
When he heard this, he said to himself, "By Allah, she hath laid a trap for me and held me
in play, till her men should come! These are the knights with whom she threatened me: but it
is I who have thrown myself into this peril." Then he turned to the lady to reproach her, but
saw that she had changed colour; and she sprang to her feet and said to the new-comers, "Who
are ye?" "O noble princess and unpeered pearl," replied the knight their chief, "dost thou
know who is this man with thee?" "Not I," answered she. "Who is he?" Quoth the knight, "He
is the despoiler of cities and prince of cavaliers, Sherkan, son of King Omar ben Ennuman.
This is he who captures the citadels and masters the most impregnable strengths. The news of
him reached King Herdoub, thy father, by the report of the old princess Dhat ed Dewahi; and
thou hast done good service to the army of the Greeks by helping them to lay hands on this
pestilent lion."
