No matter; there are plenty of newspapers who are constantly lavishing their praises upon small men and bad books. A mendacious press will puff the book through a brief season, and then it will go to feed the devouring maw of the past.--New York Chronicle.

NEW PERIODICAL.

CHAMBERS'S REPOSITORY OF INSTRUCTIVE AND AMUSING TRACTS.

The First Tract to be issued on the First Saturday of November.

The success which has hitherto attended Messrs Chambers's exertions in the preparation of a cheap and improving kind of literature, induces them to announce a new literary periodical, under the title of REPOSITORY OF INSTRUCTIVE AND AMUSING TRACTS. This Work, to resemble in some respects the MISCELLANY OF TRACTS completed a few years ago, will aim at a higher, though not less popular tone, and satisfy, it is hoped, the new requirements of the day in regard to literary elegance. In carrying on the undertaking, Messrs CHAMBERS will be assisted by skilled writers in various departments; and as the whole of the Tracts will be under their own editorial supervision, they can with confidence offer the REPOSITORY as a fitting companion to the family circle. Each of the Tracts will embrace a single subject, varied to suit different ages and tastes. An important object will be to furnish innocent entertainment, mingled with correct information and sound instruction, under the control of good taste, and free, as far as possible, from controversial matter. The Editors, therefore, trust that the present Series of Tracts will take as prominent a part as the former in that department of the great business of educating the People which is committed to the untrammelled agency of the Press.

The REPOSITORY will consist of a series of Penny Sheets, issued Weekly; Four to constitute a Monthly Part, at Fivepence, and Eight to form a Two-Monthly Volume, neatly done up in coloured fancy boards, at One Shilling. Where it appears desirable, Wood-engravings will be introduced. Each Volume will possess a neat engraved Title-page.
