Sam was a dashing fellow, and was always above
his own line of life; he had met Mr. Ringwood at the Baron's, and they'd been to the play together;
and the honorable gent, as Sam called him, had joked with him about being well to do IN A CERTAIN
QUARTER; and he had had a game of billiards with the Baron, at the Estaminy, "a very distangy
place, where you smoke," said Sam; "quite select, and frequented by the tip-top nobility;"
and they were as thick as peas in a shell; and they were to dine that day at Ringwood's, and
sup, the next night, with the Baroness.

"I think the chaps down the road will stare," said Sam, "when they hear how I've been coming
it." And stare, no doubt, they would; for it is certain that very few commercial gentlemen
have had Mr. Pogson's advantages.

The next morning we had made an arrangement to go out shopping together, and to purchase some
articles of female gear, that Sam intended to bestow on his relations when he returned. Seven
needle-books, for his sisters; a gilt buckle, for his mamma; a handsome French cashmere shawl
and bonnet, for his aunt (the old lady keeps an inn in the Borough, and has plenty of money,
and no heirs); and a toothpick case, for his father. Sam is a good fellow to all his relations,
and as for his aunt, he adores her. Well, we were to go and make these purchases, and I arrived
punctually at my time; but Sam was stretched on a sofa, very pale and dismal.

I saw how it had been.--"A little too much of Mr. Ringwood's claret, I suppose?"

He only gave a sickly stare.

"Where does the Honorable Tom live?" says I.

"HONORABLE!" says Sam, with a hollow, horrid laugh; "I tell you, Tit, he's no more Honorable
than you are."

"What, an impostor?"

"No, no; not that. He is a real Honorable, only--"

"Oh, ho! I smell a rat--a little jealous, eh?"

"Jealousy be hanged! I tell you he's a thief; and the Baron's a thief; and, hang me, if I think
his wife is any better. Eight-and-thirty pounds he won of me before supper; and made me drunk,
and sent me home:--is THAT honorable? How can I afford to lose forty pounds? It's took me two
years to save it up--if my old aunt gets wind of it, she'll cut me off with a shilling: hang
me!"--and here Sam, in an agony, tore his fair hair.

While bewailing his lot in this lamentable strain, his bell was rung, which signal being answered
by a surly "Come in," a tall, very fashionable gentleman, with a fur coat, and a fierce tuft
to his chin, entered the room.
