Sam was a adventurous fellow, and was consistently aloft his own band of life; he had met Mr. Ringwood at the Baron's, and they'd been to the play together; and the atonement gent, as Sam alleged him, had joked with him about getting able-bodied to do IN A CERTAIN QUARTER; and he had had a bold of billiards with the Baron, at the Estaminy, "a actual distangy place, area you smoke," said Sam; "quite select, and frequented by the aristocratic nobility;" and they were as blubbery as peas in a shell; and they were to banquet that day at Ringwood's, and sup, the next night, with the Baroness.

"I anticipate the chaps down the alley will stare," said Sam, "when they apprehend how I've been advancing it." And stare, no doubt, they would; for it is assertive that actual few bartering gentlemen accept had Mr. Pogson's advantages.

The next morning we had fabricated an adjustment to go out arcade together, and to acquirement some online writing of changeable gear, that Sam advised to accord on his relations if he returned. Seven needle-books, for his sisters; a bizarre buckle, for his mamma; a handsome French cashmere capote and bonnet, for his aunt (the old adult keeps an inn in the Borough, and has affluence of money, and no heirs); and a toothpick case, for his father. Sam is a acceptable adolescent to all his relations, and as for his aunt, he adores her. Well, we were to go and accomplish these purchases, and I accustomed appropriately at my time; but Sam was continued on a sofa, actual anemic and dismal.

I saw how it had been.--"A little too abundant of Mr. Ringwood's claret, I suppose?"

He alone gave a ailing stare.

"Where does the Atonement Tom live?" says I.

"HONORABLE!" says Sam, with a hollow, alarming laugh; "I acquaint you, Tit, he's no added Atonement than you are."

"What, an impostor?"

"No, no; not that. He is a absolute Honorable, only--"

"Oh, ho! I that appears to smell a rat--a little jealous, eh?"

"Jealousy be hanged! I acquaint you he's a thief; and the Baron's a thief; and, adhere me, if I anticipate his wife is any better. Eight-and-thirty pounds he won of me afore supper; and fabricated me drunk, and beatific me home:--is THAT honorable? How can I allow to lose forty pounds? It's took me two years to save it up--if my old aunt gets wind of it, she'll cut me off with a shilling: adhere me!"--and actuality Sam, in an agony, tore his fair hair.

While bawl his lot in this afflictive strain, his alarm was rung, which arresting getting answered by a bearish "Come in," a tall, actual fashionable gentleman, with a fur coat, and a angry bunch to his chin, entered the room.
