Sam was an elegant man, who moved in circles rather above his own standing. He first encountered Mr. Ringwood at the Baron's house, and they went to a play together. Mr. Ringwood joked that Sam was well off in a certain quarter. Sam had also played billiards with the Baron at the Estaminy. The Estaminy was a very upscale place, which allowed smoking, said Sam. It was common for the upper nobility to spend time there. Sam and Mr. Ringwood were very close, and planned to have dinner that day at Mr. Ringwood's, and eat the next night with the Baroness. 

Sam expected the neighbours to stare when they heard how well he had been doing. And this was a reasonable assumption, because certainly very few businessmen have had the same opportunities as Mr. Pogson. 

We agreed to go out shopping together the next morning, to buy some gifts, that Sam wanted to give to his relatives upon his return. He planned to get a French cashmere shawl and bonnet for his aunt, seven needle-books for his sisters, a gilt buckle for his mother, and a toothpick case for his father. Sam is very good to his family, and adores his aunt, who is very well-off and has no heirs. When I went to meet Sam for the shopping trip, I found him laying on a sofa, looking quite ill. 

I understood immediately, and asked him if he had drunk too much claret. He only stared at me in return. I asked him where the Honorable Tom lives. 

Sam laughed hollowly, and said that Tom is in fact far from honorable. I asked if he was an imposter. Sam answered, "No, he is a real Honorable, but...". 

I asked if he was jealous of Tom. 

He replied that he was not jealous at all, but that Tom was a thief, and his wife as well. They won 38 pounds from him before supper, and gave him so much claret that he became drunk, and sent him home. He couldn't afford to lose 40 pounds. It had taken him two years to save up that amount. He feared that if his aunt were to hear of his loss, she would disinherit him. He was extremely upset and pulled at his hair. 

While he was going on about his troubles, the bell rang. He called out that the caller may enter, and a tall elegant man wearaing a fur coat came in through the door.
