For example, refusing to go to Mass for the repose of the soul of Schwarzenberg, Bismarck was right: "He is the man who said," I abuse of Prussia and then delete it. '"

* * * * *

¶ You see, our Otto is one of those Germans uncomfortable in his own incredible personality expresses the ideal of seriousness National, Otto is terribly seriously in his cups, or over his half-dozen eggs for breakfast - as you please. He frightens timid souls.

¶ His temperament few men could reduce, much less sit quietly retire and receive endless bad. Incident after incident in Frankfurt could be cited, but what's the use?

¶ With diabolical Bismarck seriously conspired to break the bones of two democratic publishers whose writings threw the Prussian mastiff rips a newspaper black. Bismarck justifies his cruelty by insisting that "the limits should be set for these infamous press doodles." This means that attacks against the divine right of kings who drowned at any cost. He hated the journalists, the press called "a well poisoned," and as himself, is on record in this regard: "I always went to the ink bottle very carefully."

¶ But mark this: Our Otto, in turn, cleverly used the press to present the smooth side of their own political intriguing and, in fact he had his press office Prussia of great value, and we have authority to declare that the idea of Bismarck journalism would be "mercenary scribes well in hand, men who stabbed as masked murderers and learned as a mob."

¶ During the decade we call learning Bismarck, 1851-'61, who was hired by then: 1851, sent to Frankfurt Diet, 1852, Prussian ambassador in Vienna, during the illness of Count Arnim, St. Petersburg, 1859, Paris , 1862.

So had the opportunity to become familiar with all major European diplomatic board to study in their own places, and to perfect his pitch without blackening play with their hands.

Francisco José ¶ Bismarck said: "I am firm to stop attacks against Prussia in the Austrian press!"

This boldness won the Emperor, and in confidence told a friend: "Ah, that was a man of courage to Bismarck."

¶ Also, he said to Joseph: "Prussia never compromise in the question of commercial union with Austria."

The emperor said on Bismarck's youth - 37 years - and I was very impressed. "Bismarck had the wisdom of a 70!" was the comment of Joseph.
