Melchior's booming voice said:

"Jean-Christophe, do you hear? Poor Fritz is dead."

Jean-Christophe made an effort, and replied quietly:

"Yes, papa."

His bosom was drawn tight as in a vise.

Melchior went on:

"'Yes, papa.' Is that all you say? You are not grieved by it."

Louisa, who understood the child, said:

"'Ssh! Let him sleep!"

And they talked in whispers. But Jean-Christophe, pricking his ears, gathered all the details
of illness--typhoid fever, cold baths, delirium, the parents' grief. He could not breathe,
a lump in his throat choked him. He shuddered. All these horrible things took shape in his
mind. Above all, he gleaned that the disease was contagious--that is, that he also might die
in the same way--and terror froze him, for he remembered that he had shaken hands with Fritz
the last time he had seen him, and that very day had gone past the house. But he made no sound,
so as to avoid having to talk, and when his father, after the neighbor had gone, asked him:
"Jean-Christophe, are you asleep?" he did not reply. He heard Melchior saying to Louisa:

"The boy has no heart."

Louisa did not reply, but a moment later she came and gently raised the curtain and looked
at the little bed. Jean-Christophe only just had time to close his eyes and imitate the regular
breathing which his brothers made when they were asleep. Louisa went away on tip-toe. And yet
how he wanted to keep her! How he wanted to tell her that he was afraid, and to ask her to
save him, or at least to comfort him! But he was afraid of their laughing at him, and treating
him as a coward; and besides, he knew only too well that nothing that they might say would
be any good. And for hours he lay there in agony, thinking that he felt the disease creeping
over him, and pains in his head, a stricture of the heart, and thinking in terror: "It is the
end. I am ill. I am going to die. I am going to die!"... Once he sat up in his bed and called
to his mother in a low voice; but they were asleep, and he dared not wake them.

From that time on his childhood was poisoned by the idea of death. His nerves delivered him
up to all sorts of little baseless sicknesses, to depression, to sudden transports, and fits
of choking. His imagination ran riot with these troubles, and thought it saw in all of them
the murderous beast which was to rob him of his life. How many times he suffered agonies, with
his mother sitting only a few yards away from him, and she guessing nothing!
