Musicians is populous, well cultivated, and very rich soil. People are neat in appearance, manners and independent in their carriage, and were polite and hospitable to us. They recognize no higher authority, but are often insulted by the parties of predation from Palembang "These freebooters. It sounds probably were collectors of tribute. It is more regrettable that few political jealousies and animosities between the European powers whose influence prevails on either side of the island to prevent further discoveries in the course of the river significantly.

BATTAS.

One of the most important distinctions of people on the island, and many regarded as having the strongest claims to originality, is the nation Battas (Batak correctly), whose remarkable lack of similarity with other people, their customs and manners, genius, and especially in some extraordinary habits, make necessary a degree of attention should be given to their descriptions.

Country's situation.

The country is bounded on the north by that of Achin, from which it is separated by mountains of Pope and Deira, and south of independent Bad or Rawa district, extends along the sea coast on the west side of the river with that of Singkel Tabuyong but inland, at the back of Ayer Bangis, and generally across the island, which is narrow, in part, to the east coast, but a more or less violated by Achinese Malay units and in most cases convenient sea, within the meaning of their trade. It is very populated, and especially in the central part, where are large open plains or naked, on the borders (as they say) of a large lake, fertile soils, and growing so much more prevalent than in southern, which are largely covered with forests, there is hardly a tree to be seen except those planted by locals about their villages, which are, as everywhere, the rivers, but whenever a strong case is presented . Water indeed is not so abundant that south, which can be attributed to the comparatively level surface, high mountain range that extends north through the Sunda Strait inland to a large extent by terminating or Passummah gunong Mount Ophir. About Bay Tappanuli however, is large and wooded land near the coast.

ITS Division.
