Musi is populous, well cultivated, and the soil exceedingly rich. The people
are stout, healthy looking, and independent in their carriage and manners, and were to us courteous
and hospitable. They acknowledge no superior authority, but are often insulted by predatory
parties from Palembang." These freebooters would perhaps call themselves collectors of tribute.
It is much to be regretted that little political jealousies and animosities between the European
powers whose influence prevails on each side of the island prevent further discoveries of the
course of this considerable river.

BATTAS.

One of the most considerable distinctions of people in the island, and by many regarded as
having the strongest claims to originality, is the nation of the Battas (properly Batak), whose
remarkable dissimilitude to the other inhabitants, in the genius of their customs and manners,
and especially in some extraordinary usages, renders it necessary that a particular degree
of attention should be paid to their description.

SITUATION OF THE COUNTRY.

This country is bounded on the north by that of Achin, from which it is separated by the mountains
of Papa and Deira, and on the south by the independent district of Rau or Rawa; extending along
the sea-coast on the western side from the river of Singkel to that of Tabuyong, but inland,
to the back of Ayer Bangis, and generally across the island, which is narrow in that part,
to the eastern coast; but more or less encroached upon by the Malayan and Achinese establishments
in the most convenient maritime situations, for the purposes of their commerce. It is very
populous, and chiefly in the central parts, where are extensive open or naked plains, on the
borders (as it is said) of a great lake; the soil fertile, and cultivation so much more prevalent
than in the southern countries, which are mostly covered with woods, that there is scarcely
a tree to be seen excepting those planted by the natives about their villages, which are not,
as elsewhere, on the banks of rivers, but wherever a strong situation presents itself. Water
indeed is not so abundant as to the southward, which may be attributed to the comparatively
level surface, the chain of high mountains which extends northwards from the straits of Sunda
through the interior of the island, in a great measure terminating with gunong Passummah or
Mount Ophir. About the bay of Tappanuli however the land is high and wooded near the coast.

ITS DIVISIONS.
