Musi is full of people, its is well refined and the soil is remarkably rich. The inhabitants are chubby, strong and autonomous in their manners, and they are courteous and hospitable. They concede no superior power, but are often snubbed by rapacious parties from Palembang." These freebooters would perhaps call themselves collectors of accolade. It is greatly regretted that minute political jealousies and animosities between the European powers whose influence prevails on each side of the isle thwart more discoveries of the course of this significant river. 

BATTAS. 
One of the chief distinctions of people of this island is regarded as having the strongest claims to originality. It is the homeland of the Battas (properly Batak), whose extraordinary dissimilitude to the new populace is the brilliance of their ethnicity and etiquette, and particularly in some bizarre usages, renders it indispensable than a scrupulous amount of consideration must be remunerated to their description. 

SITUATION OF THE COUNTRY. 
This nation is surrounded on the north by Achin, from which it is estranged by the mountains of Papa and Deira. On the south its is the sovereign district of Rau or Rawa; extending down the sea-coast on the western side from the river of Singkel to that of Tabuyong, but inland, to the rear of Ayer Bangis, and generally across the island, which is constricted in that part, to the eastern coast; but more or less encroached further on by the Malayan and Achinese establishments in the most well-located maritime situations, for the purposes of their business. It is full of people chiefly in the central parts, where there are widespread, open or exposed plains. On the precincts (as it is said) of a great lake; the soil is fertile, fostering and much more far-reaching than in the southern countries, which are generally sheltered with woods, that is barely a tree to be seen excluding those planted by the inhabitants about their villages, which are not away on the banks of rivers, but wherever a sturdy circumstances presents itself. Water is not so profuse to the south, which may be attributed to the moderately level exterior, the succession of high mountains which extends northwards from the straits of Sunda throughout the interior of the island in a enormous measure terminating with gunong Passummah or Mount Ophir. About the bay of Tappanuli though the land is elevated and forested near the coastline.
