
Tokay produces some of the finest wine in the world, and the vintage time in that part of the
country is most interesting and picturesque.

[Footnote A: From "Hungary." Published by the Macmillan Co.]

BUDAPEST[A]

BY H. TORNAI DE KÖVËR

Budapest is one of the most beautifully situated cities in Europe. Nobody can ever forget the
wonderful sight of the two sister towns divided by the wide and swiftly flowing Danube, with
the steamers and barges on her waters. Buda, the old stronghold, is on one side with the fantastic
"Gellért" hill, which is a formidable-looking mass of rocks and caves; farther on is the lovely
royal palace with its beautifully kept gardens clinging to the hillside; then the oldest part,
called the stronghold, which has been rebuilt exactly in the style Matthias Corvinus built
it, and which was demolished during the Turkish invasion. Here is the old church of Matthias
too, but it is so much renovated that it lacks the appearance of age. Behind the smaller hills
larger ones are to be seen covered with shady woods; these are the villa regions and summer
excursion places for the people.

Along the Danube are green and shady islands of which the most beautiful is St. Margaret's
Isle, and on the other side of the waters is the city of "Pest," with the majestic Houses of
Parliament, Palace of Justice, Academy of Science, and numerous other fine buildings. At the
present time four bridges join the two cities together, and a huge tunnel leads through the
first hill in Buda into another part of the town. One can not say which is the more beautiful
sight: to look from Pest, which stands on level ground, up to the varying hilly landscape of
Buda; or to look from the hillside of the latter place on to the fairy-land of Pest, with the
broad silver Danube receding in the distance like a great winding snake, its scales all aglitter
in the sunshine. It is beautiful by day, but still more so at night, for myriads of lights
twinkle in the water, and the hillsides are dotted as if with flitting fairy-lamps. Even those
who are used to the sight look at it in speechless rapture and wonder. What must it be like
to foreigners!

