This, of course,
makes your lunge two feet longer than your victim has any reason for believing it to be.

A false beat is another very common form of attack, consisting of a cut aimed at the hilt or
at the forte of your stick, the object being to make you raise your point, if possible, so
that the attacker may come in under with cut three.

This is very well met by a thrust, the arm being merely straightened from the guard, and the
lunge delivered directly the "beat" is made.

A pretty feint having the same effect as the "beat," as opening up cut three, is a long feint
with the point at the chest, cut three being given as the sword rises to parry the point.

But probably I have already transgressed the limits of my paper. What remains to be taught,
and I know full well that it is everything except the merest rudiments, must be learned stick
in hand. I can only wish the beginner luck, and envy him every hour which he is able to devote
to acquiring a knowledge of sword-play.

THE SALUTE.

Although the salute is a mere piece of sword drill, of no use for practical purposes, it is
still worth learning, as being the preliminary flourish common at all assaults-at-arms, and
valuable in itself as reminding the players that they are engaged in a knightly game, and one
which insists on the display of the greatest courtesy by one opponent to the other. Even if
you are playing with bare steel, it is expected of you that you should kill your enemy like
a knight, and not like a butcher; much more then, when you are only playing a friendly bout
with him, should you show him all possible politeness. On entering the ring you should have
all your harness on except your mask; this you should carry in your left hand until you are
face to face with your antagonist. When in the ring, lay your helmet down on your left hand
and come to the slope swords--your blade upon your right shoulder, your elbow against your
side and your hilt in a line with your elbow, your knuckles outwards. Your body should be erect,
your head up, your heels together, your right foot pointing straight to your front, your left
foot at right angles to it pointing to the left.
