Father,  arrive,  quick! Here is a Railroad Accident,  for example  you have often  desired  to see. Two  teaches  have collided, and both have  revolved  down an embankment at  smallest  seventy feet high! into a  stream,  I  manage  declare! They are all lost! 

F. Do let me  glimpse  at  one time,  HELENE I [Looks eagerly.] Ah, yes; all gone;  not anything   evident  but one smoke-pipe, three stove-pipe hats, four  morsels  of orange-peel, some pea-nut  seashells,  and thirteen  exact replicates  of the New-York Ledger. Sad fate! But see! Some dry-goods-no, a  juvenile   woman  flounders along  in the direction of  the shore! The bystanders  hurry  up; she is  almost  exhausted;  trousers  rapidly; they  commend  her. A well-dressed  juvenile  man approaches. She instantly  starts  to  believe  of her looks; her hand  soars  to her back hair. Heavens! there is so much gone there that she shrieks in alarm! Her  drop  in the water has detached her Waterfall! That gone, every thing is gone! She  jumps  to her feet! Glancing hurriedly over the watery waste, now plentifully strewn with  followers,  little canes, and certain  things  which are either mail-bags or chignons, she descries her better part, and with a  untamed   bawl,  (as when a mother  releases  her babe from tigers,) dashes in and seizes the darling object! She presses it to her lips, and impetuously breaks for the shore! Alas! too late, by about  10  and a half seconds! "Save it!" she  appears  to cry; tosses the wad ashore, and down she  proceeds,  with her hand on the back of her head, her last  ideas,   manifestly,  more or less,  attached  with that sympathizing  juvenile  man on the bank above. 

one, two, three, four and five
 F. Child, I am all feeling. Boo-hoo-hoo-too!

* * * * *

HORTICULTURAL HINTS. 

KITCHEN GARDEN.--Plant pickles early, if you are up in time; if not, later. But don't  consume  them late,  except  you are  identically  fond of dyspepsia. 
 
In  cultivating  peas,  choose  that kind that does not  augment  hard and yellow; that is,  except  you  provide  boarding-houses, or have a government  agreement  for the  provide  of shot.

Grated turnips,  blended  with horse-radish, for the table, will assuage one's  sorrow  for one's grandmother.
Rice-puddings can be  developed,  ready-made, by sowing rice with cowcumbers. Try it. 

NURSERY.--Transplant from hot-beds to bath-tub  when   likely,   utilising  sponge with palm-soap and  freezing  water. Top-dress with comb and brush. Trim limbs  as  asserted  by  age. Train with rods. Much  counts  on  beginning  right, so start to school right after breakfast
