Father, come, quick! Here is a railway accident, as often as you want to see. Two trains collided, and both have rolled down an embankment at least seventy feet high! in a river, I do declare! They are all lost!

F. Do not let me see again, Helene [I seem forward] Oh. Yes, all gone, nothing visible but a smoke pipe, three stove-pipe hats, four pieces of orange-peel, some pea-nut shells, and thirteen copies of the New York Ledger. Sad fate! But see! Some dry-goods-not a girl over for flounders ashore! Bystanders hurry up, it is almost exhausted, pants quickly, they congratulate her. A well-dressed couple approach. She instantly starts to think of her looks, her hand flying to her hair back. Heaven! There is so much out there, that she screams in alarm! they fall into water they learned waterfall! That left every thing is gone! She springs to her feet! Look hurried on aqueous waste now abundantly sprinkled with fans, small twigs, and some objects that are either mail or chignons bags, she described her part well, and with a wild cry, (as when a mother her babe save the tigers,), dashes and grabbed subject dear! She presses it to her lips, and stormy shore break! Oh! too late, about ten for a second and a half! "Save him!" it seems to cry, throw dry pad, it goes down with his hand on the back of her head, her last thoughts, of course, more or less, the fact that the young man liked the bank above.

D. Father, you talk like an asshole! Have you no sense? Boo-hoo hoo-hoo!

F. Baby, I'm all feeling. Boo-hoo-hoo-too!

* * * * *

Horticultural suggestions.

Plant vegetable garden pickles .-- earlier, if you are up on time if not later. But do not eat late, if not as proud of dyspepsia.

In pea plants, select the type that do not grow hard and yellow, that is, unless you provide, boarding-houses, or have a government contract to provide shot.

grated turnips, mixed with horseradish, table will appease someone for a grandmother.

Rice-pudding can be grown, ready-made, planted with rice cowcumbers. Try it on.

Transplant Nursery .-- hot tub to bed as soon as possible, using sponge with hand-soap and cold water. Top-dress with comb and brush. Trim limbs by age. Training with sticks. Much depends on the right to begin school soon after breakfast.
