Father,
come, quick! Here is a Railroad Accident, such as you have often wished to see. Two trains
have collided, and both have rolled down an embankment at least seventy feet high! into a river,
I do declare! They are all lost!

F. Do let me see at once, HELENE I [Looks eagerly.] Ah, yes; all gone; nothing visible but
one smoke-pipe, three stove-pipe hats, four bits of orange-peel, some pea-nut shells, and thirteen
copies of the New-York Ledger. Sad fate! But see! Some dry-goods-no, a young lady flounders
along toward the shore! The bystanders rush up; she is nearly exhausted; pants rapidly; they
congratulate her. A well-dressed young man approaches. She instantly begins to think of her
looks; her hand flies to her back hair. Heavens! there is so much gone there that she shrieks
in alarm! Her fall in the water has detached her Waterfall! That gone, every thing is gone!
She springs to her feet! Glancing hurriedly over the watery waste, now plentifully strewn with
fans, little canes, and certain objects which are either mail-bags or chignons, she descries
her better part, and with a wild cry, (as when a mother rescues her babe from tigers,) dashes
in and seizes the darling object! She presses it to her lips, and impetuously breaks for the
shore! Alas! too late, by about ten and a half seconds! "Save it!" she seems to cry; tosses
the wad ashore, and down she goes, with her hand on the back of her head, her last thoughts,
evidently, more or less, connected with that sympathizing young man on the bank above.

D. Father, you talk like a brute! Have you no feeling? Boo-hoo hoo-hoo!

F. Child, I am all feeling. Boo-hoo-hoo-too!

       *       *       *       *       *

HORTICULTURAL HINTS.

KITCHEN GARDEN.--Plant pickles early, if you are up in time; if not, later. But don't eat them
late, unless you are equally fond of dyspepsia.

In planting peas, select that kind that does not grow hard and yellow; that is, unless you
supply boarding-houses, or have a government contract for the supply of shot.

Grated turnips, mixed with horse-radish, for the table, will assuage one's grief for one's
grandmother.

Rice-puddings can be grown, ready-made, by sowing rice with cowcumbers. Try it.

NURSERY.--Transplant from hot-beds to bath-tub as soon as possible, using sponge with palm-soap
and cold water. Top-dress with comb and brush. Trim limbs according to age. Train with rods.
Much depends on starting right, so start to school right after breakfast.
