East and West alike. It was so in Rome and in Gaul (by the testimony of Irenaeus). It was in Greece (through the testimony of Aristides). It is in Africa (through the testimony of Tertullian), in Alexandria (by the testimony of Clement and Origen), in Asia (through the testimony of Justin Martyr, Irenaeus, and Ignacio), in Palestine and Syria (through the testimony of Ignatius and Justin Martyr). Irenaeus, if any one, should know what the apostles taught, for before he came to Rome he was a student of Polycarp in Asia, who himself IN the foot of St. John. "Everything we know," said Mr Rendel Harris, "the dogmatics the early part of the second century agree with the belief that during the virginity of Mary is a part of the formulated Christian belief." * How can the belief in the Virgin-Birth was actually having to make as many widely separated and independent Churches unless it had apostolic authority? + What other explanation is given for the truth? There are a number of traditions a comprehensive agreement as may reasonably be asked for. It is impossible to imagine that the doctrine of the Virgin-birth can be suddenly changed in the first year of the second century. The only adequate explanation is that this is a big part of the apostolic tradition. It may be worth while here to quote the words of a prominent scholars such as Professor Zahn, of Erlangen. "It [the Virgin-birth] is an element of faith as we can trace it back, and when Ignatius can be taken as a witness of a Baptist faith springing from early apostolic times, certainly in the name of faith The Virgin Mary had their place .... we may further assert that during the first four centuries of the Church, no teachers and no religious community which will be considered any form of rights as a heirs of original Christianity, does any other notion of the beginning of the [human] life of Jesus of Nazareth .... The theory of an original Christianity without belief in Jesus the Son of God, born of the Virgin , is a fiction. "

- * See text and Studies (Cambridge, 1891), Vol. I. Not I, p. 25.
