East is always more or less similar as west.  Like the same, Rome also same as Gaul.   Rome is by the testimony of Irenaeus.  Greece is by the testimony of Aristides. Africa is by the testimony of  tertullian, Alexandria is by the testimony of clement and Origen, Asia  is by the testimony of Justin Martyr, Irenaeus and Ignatius,  Palatine and Syria is by the testimony of Ignatius and Justin Martyr.  Iranaeus should have been known about the teachings of the Apostles.  Before he came to Rome, he had been living in Polycarp in Asia.  When he had been living in Polycarp, one day he was sitting at the feet of Saint John.  "Everything that we know," was a familiar saying conveyed by Mr. Rendell Harris of the dogmatic theories.   In the early part of the second century, this statement was whole heartedly agreed.  Especially it was agreed in the period of the virginity of Mary who had been made a part of “Christian belief”.   ***Now the question is how this belief had been agreed that the virgin-birth had been acknowledged by many of widely separated and independent churches.  But those churches were under the control of apostolic authority had not been agreed the above statement.  What other explanation can be given for the fact to prove it?  The complete traditional agreement will be asking the same question.  But one thing was very sure that the doctrine of virgin birth had not been unexpectedly or suddenly emerged or evolved in the early years of second century.  In the apostolic tradition, as their considerable part, there were more than adequate explanations found.  Regarding this matter, here we can notice suitable about the statement given by a recognized scholar and Professor Mr. Zahn of Erlangen. He said that the virgin birth has been an important element of the creed.  We can easily trace out about these things in future. Perhaps if we like to take Ignatius as our witness of a baptismal creed from early apostolic times, we can clearly understand that the creed name of the Virgin Mary has been already placed………….  Also we can clearly declare that in first four centuries of the church history, there was no record for teacher and no record for religious community.  Besides it was considered as right appearance and as a successor of original Christianity. They had been fixed with some kind of idea of the beginning of the human being life of Jesus of Nazareth…………… So consequently we can confirm that without the belief in Jesus the Son of God, born of the virgin mother, an original Christianity will be a fiction.  
*** See Texts and Studies (Cambridge, 1891), vol. i. No. I, p. 25.
