I was astonished to find his feet swollen and bleeding,
his hands likewise, his side pierced, and his ribs flayed with whip cuts. "Good Heavens!" I
said to him, "is it possible for a just man, a sage, to be in this state? I have just seen
one who was treated in a very hateful way, but there is no comparison between his torture and
yours. Wicked priests and wicked judges poisoned him; is it by priests and judges that you
have been so cruelly assassinated?"

He answered with much courtesy--"Yes."

"And who were these monsters?"

"They were hypocrites."

"Ah! that says everything; I understand by this single word that they must have condemned you
to death. Had you then proved to them, as Socrates did, that the Moon was not a goddess, and
that Mercury was not a god?"

"No, these planets were not in question. My compatriots did not know at all what a planet is;
they were all arrant ignoramuses. Their superstitions were quite different from those of the
Greeks."

"You wanted to teach them a new religion, then?"

"Not at all; I said to them simply--'Love God with all your heart and your fellow-creature
as yourself, for that is man's whole duty.' Judge if this precept is not as old as the universe;
judge if I brought them a new religion. I did not stop telling them that I had come not to
destroy the law but to fulfil it; I had observed all their rites; circumcised as they all were,
baptized as were the most zealous among them, like them I paid the Corban; I observed the Passover
as they did, eating standing up a lamb cooked with lettuces. I and my friends went to pray
in the temple; my friends even frequented this temple after my death; in a word, I fulfilled
all their laws without a single exception."

"What! these wretches could not even reproach you with swerving from their laws?"

"No, without a doubt."

"Why then did they put you in the condition in which I now see you?"

"What do you expect me to say! they were very arrogant and selfish. They saw that I knew them;
they knew that I was making the citizens acquainted with them; they were the stronger; they
took away my life: and people like them will always do as much, if they can, to whoever does
them too much justice."

"But did you say nothing, do nothing that could serve them as a pretext?"

"To the wicked everything serves as pretext."

"Did you not say once that you were come not to send peace, but a sword?"

"It is a copyist's error; I told them that I sent peace and not a sword.
