But to this ill-timed lesson in politeness Kalergy replied sharply--"Draw
your head back, sir: you and such as you have brought the king and the country into their present
unfortunate circumstances. You ought to be ashamed of your conduct." The Bavarian hero at these
words disappeared; and this was the last occasion in which this champion of Bavarianism appeared
in a public character.

At this time, Count Metaxas, Lieutenant-General Sir Richard Church, and Major-General Londos,
members of the council of state, who had been in the square with the troops, were engaged preparing
the council for its share in the revolution. At the meeting which took place, Spiro Milios,
the commandant of the military school, and an active member of the Russian party, was present
as a representative of the army. It was evident that the council of state comprised three parties.
One was willing to support King Otho and the actual system. This party included Kondouriotis,
the president; Tricoupis, the late minister in London; and a German Greek named Theocharis.
Another party was eager to drive King Otho from the throne, in order to proceed to the nomination
of a regency preparatory to the choice of an orthodox prince. We are not sure that any individual
is now anxious to identify his name with this party. The third party made the demand for a
constitution their primary object; and as this party was led by Metaxas, Londos, Church, Palamidhis,
and Mansolas, it was soon joined by the majority.

The meeting was long, and it is said that the conduct of the members was much more disorderly
than that of the people and the troops in the square; but at last, a proclamation and an oath
were drawn up, by which the council of state, the army, and the people, all pledged themselves
to support the constitution. A committee consisting of Metaxas, Londos, and Palamidhis, was
also charged to prepare an address to the king, recommending his majesty to convoke a national
assembly, in order to prepare a constitution for the state; at the same time they invited his
majesty to appoint new ministers, and in the list presented they of course took care to insert
their own names.
