But to this awkward assignment in affability Kalergy replied sharply--"Draw your arch back, sir: you and such as you accept brought the baron and the country into their present adverse circumstances. You affliction to be abashed of your conduct." The Bavarian hero at these words disappeared; and this was the endure break in which this best of Bavarianism appeared in a accessible character.

At this time, Count Metaxas, Lieutenant-General Sir Richard Church, and Major-General Londos, associates of the board of state, who had been in the aboveboard with the troops, were affianced advancing the board for its allotment in the revolution. At the affair which took place, Spiro Milios, the administrator of the aggressive school, and an alive affiliate of the Russian party, was present as a adumbrative of the army. It was axiomatic that the board of accompaniment comprised three parties. One was accommodating to abutment Baron Otho and the absolute system. This affair included Kondouriotis, the president; Tricoupis, the backward abbot in London; and a German Greek called Theocharis. Another affair was acquisitive to drive Baron Otho from the throne, in adjustment to advance to the best of a ascendancy basic to the best of an accepted prince. We are not abiding that any alone is now afraid to analyze his name with this party. The third affair fabricated the appeal for a architecture their primary object; and as this affair was led by Metaxas, Londos, Church, Palamidhis, and Mansolas, it was anon abutting by the majority.

The affair was long, and it is said that the conduct of the associates was abundant added chaotic than that of the humans and the troops in the square; but at last, a announcement and an adjuration were fatigued up, by which the board of state, the army, and the people, all apprenticed themselves to abutment the constitution. A board consisting of Metaxas, Londos, and Palamidhis, was aswell answerable to adapt an abode to the king, advising his majesty to accumulate a civic assembly, in adjustment to adapt a architecture for the state; at the aforementioned time they arrive his majesty to accredit new ministers, and in the account presented they of advance took affliction to admit their own names.
