Ulric, as a servant he was helping him politely.
As per the landlord’s request to Ulric, he started to assist him.  Since he is a blind man and bewitched, he was unable to climb on steps without assistance as they were broad enough also.
Herr Emmerich also aid the old man with so assurance that “you are a little giddy from traveling”.
As a theory, Henry whispered to his wife “which one you will hold unhappily?
Ulric replied loudly “Zounds”. And he added who had run his head against the wall, as a result I have lost my wits too.
I am going to investigate the entire thing in a manner of all and round, right and left and up above clearly, said the landlord.  Moreover he had been suspecting that the devil has taken the stairs.  
As another theory, “he is a very bold person”, again Henry whispered.
At the same time, a more sensible domestic drama like incident had happened in a light.  He had been returned with and started to hold it up in his fury fist.  It was illuminating the quite empty space.  
The landlord suddenly said loudly that there are nearly Ten Thousand devils. Then he gave his stared look here and there and around and above him with great astonishment.  Actually this is the peculiar business! Her Brand! Her Brand! Is any one up there?
There is no use if you are denying him and again Henry walked out and bent over the land and looked the fickle flicker of the light, a well built form of his landlord.  
Hello my great friend, Her Emmerich you are most welcome - he called out in the weakest and unimaginable manner tone. It will speak well for the gout and you have returned so much earlier than your appointment and time.  I am also ery happy to see you in a cherished look so well.
You are my obedient servant, the opponent answered him politely.   Then he again told that “but that is not the question and I would like to know about what had happed on stairs?
What you are telling about stairs! Where they are?  Said Henry.  Yes indeed my friend, I used to go out seldom only and sometimes I will not go out.  I will not be taking   any notice of anything out of my own chamber.  I studied well , I worked well and I concerned well about myself.
Herr Brand said the landlord in a slight fearful angry that “we must speak about this in another tone, you are the only lodger.  You have to certainly prove yourself before a court of justice”
You should not be over wroth replied Henry.  Perhaps if you are in deed ready to consider legal proceedings, I think and I assure you that I will definitely use you for this purpose.  But for now I think to do the same.  I can promptly remember that there were stairs here and now I am imagining them as a vivid recollection especially during your absence.  Also we were used them for our daily incoming and out going purpose.   
Used them, cried the old man and continuously, he stamped with his feet and asked how used them? He shouted that “you have destroyed them and you have destroyed the house”
No you should not over state the matter said Herr Emmerich.  Then he said that “I cannot ask you to walk up-stairs, or you might see that these rooms we inhabit are in a perfect state of preservation.
