Ulric, his servant and factotum, came to his assistance. 

"Help me up these stairs," said the landlord. "I am blinded--bewitched! I cannot find the steps, and yet they were broad enough!" 

"Herr Emmerich," said the old and somewhat surly domestic, "you are a little giddy from travelling." 

"An hypothesis," whispered Henry, turning to his wife, "which unhappily will not hold." 

"Zounds!" cried Ulric, who had run his head against the wall, "I have lost my wits too!" 

"I am groping right and left," said the landlord, "and all round, and up above. I think the devil has taken the stairs!" 

"Another hypothesis," whispered Henry, "and a very bold one." 

Meanwhile the more sensible domestic had at once run for a light. This he now returned with, and, holding it up in his sturdy fist, he illuminated the quite empty space. 

"Ten thousand devils!" exclaimed the landlord, as he gazed around and above him with astonishment. "This is the strangest business! Herr Brand! Herr Brand! Is any one up there?" 

It was of no use to deny himself. Henry stepped out, bent over the landing, and saw, by the uncertain flicker of the light, the portly form of his landlord. 

"Ah, my worthy friend, Herr Emmerich!" he called out in the blandest manner imaginable, "you are most welcome. It speaks well for the gout that you have returned so much earlier than your appointed time. I am delighted to see you looking so well." 

"Your obedient servant," answered the other; "but that is not the question. What has become of my stairs?" 

"Stairs! were there any stairs here?" said Henry. "Indeed, my friend, I go out so seldom, or rather not at all, that I take no notice of any thing out of my own chamber. I study, I work--I concern myself about little else." 

"Herr Brand," said the landlord, half choking with rage, "we must speak about this in another tone! You are the only lodger. You shall give an account before a court of justice"-- 

"Be not overwroth," replied Henry. "If you really contemplate legal proceedings, I think I can be of use to you; for, now I think of it, I perfectly remember that there were stairs here, and have a vivid recollection of having, in your absence, used them." 

"Used them!" cried the old man, stamping with his feet; "and how used them? You have destroyed them--you have destroyed the house." 

"Nay, do not exaggerate, Herr Emmerich. I cannot ask you to walk up-stairs, or you might see that these rooms we inhabit are in a perfect state of preservation.
