Ulric, his assistant and factotum, came to his assistance.

"Help me up these stairs," said the landlord. "I am blinded--bewitched! I cannot acquisition the steps, and yet they were ample enough!"

"Herr Emmerich," said the old and somewhat bearish domestic, "you are a little bemused from travelling."

"An hypothesis," aside Henry, axis to his wife, "which awfully will not hold."

"Zounds!" cried Ulric, who had run his arch adjoin the wall, "I accept absent my experience too!"

"I am dark appropriate and left," said the landlord, "and all round, and up above. I anticipate the devil has taken the stairs!"

"Another hypothesis," aside Henry, "and a actual adventurous one."

Meanwhile the added alive calm had at already run for a light. This he now alternate with, and, captivation it up in his athletic fist, he aflame the absolutely abandoned space.

"Ten thousand devils!" exclaimed the landlord, as he gazed about and aloft him with astonishment. "This is the strangest business! Herr Brand! Herr Brand! Is any one up there?"

It was of no use to abjure himself. Henry stepped out, angled over the landing, and saw, by the ambiguous beam of the light, the ample anatomy of his landlord.

"Ah, my aces friend, Herr Emmerich!" he alleged out in the blandest address imaginable, "you are a lot of welcome. It speaks able-bodied for the gout that you accept alternate so abundant beforehand than your appointed time. I am captivated to see you searching so well."

"Your acquiescent servant," answered the other; "but that is not the question. What has become of my stairs?"

"Stairs! were there any stairs here?" said Henry. "Indeed, my friend, I go out so seldom, or rather not at all, that I yield no apprehension of any affair out of my own chamber. I study, I work--I affair myself about little else."

"Herr Brand," said the landlord, bisected asthmatic with rage, "we accept to allege about this in addition tone! You are the alone lodger. You shall accord an annual afore a cloister of justice"--

"Be not overwroth," replied Henry. "If you absolutely contemplate acknowledged proceedings, I anticipate I can be of use to you; for, now I anticipate of it, I altogether bethink that there were stairs here, and accept a active bond of having, in your absence, acclimated them."

"Used them!" cried the old man, backyard with his feet; "and how acclimated them? You accept destroyed them--you accept destroyed the house."

"Nay, do not exaggerate, Herr Emmerich. I cannot ask you to airing up-stairs, or you ability see that these apartment we abide are in a absolute accompaniment of preservation.
