A. Lameere (1900) has suggested three sub-orders, the Cantharidiformia (including the
Phytophaga, the Heteromera, the Rhynchophora and most of the Polymorpha of Sharp's classification),
the Staphyliniformia (including the rove-beetles, carrion-beetles and a few allied families
of Sharp's Polymorpha), and the Carabidiformia (Adephaga). Lameere's classification is founded
on the number of abdominal sterna, the nervuration of the wings, the number of malpighian tubules
(whether four or six) and other structural characters. Preferable to Lameere's system, because
founded on a wider range of adult characters and taking the larval stages into account, is
that of H. J. Kolbe (1901), who recognizes three sub-orders: (i.) the Adephaga; (ii.) the Heterophaga,
including the Staphylinoidea, the Actinorhabda (Lamellicornia), the Heterorhabda (most of Sharp's
Polymorpha), and the Anchistopoda (the Phytophaga, with the ladybirds and some allied families
which Sharp places among the Polymorpha); (iii.) the Rhynchophora.

Students of the Coleoptera have failed to agree not only on a system of classification, but
on the relative specialization of some of the groups which they all recognize as natural. Lameere,
for example, considers some of his Cantharidiformia as the most primitive Coleoptera. J. L.
Leconte and G. H. Horn placed the Rhynchophora (weevils) in a group distinct from all other
beetles, on account of their supposed primitive nature. Kolbe, on the other hand, insists that
the weevils are the most modified of all beetles, being highly specialized as regards their
adult structure, and developing from legless maggots exceedingly different from the adult;
he regards the Adephaga, with their active armoured larvae with two foot-claws, as the most
primitive group of beetles, and there can be little doubt that the likeness between larvae
and adult may safely be accepted as a primitive character among insects. In the Coleoptera
we have to do with an ancient yet dominant order, in which there is hardly a family that does
not show specialization in some point of structure or life-history. Hence it is impossible
to form a satisfactory linear series.
