Let us decide whether real-life information backs up this supposition.

Hankford was a Judge of the Common Pleas before Henry V's reign, but was omitted from the new patents when Henry V ascended to the throne. These patents were not issued until the 2nd day of May, perhaps two days before Easter Term. But in the yearbook reports of the Easter - and Trinity - term, we find Hankford's name. And not as merely acting in the Common Pleas, but ruling the King's Bench.

Moreover, though Gascoigne was summoned to the first parliament on the 22nd day of March, yet on May 15, he was not at the parliament's meeting; further, his usual post was filled by Sir William Hankford, who was placed in a position of importance higher than the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, one Sir William Thirning.

This information, inconsistent with Dugdale's date, made it necessary to refer to the roll. Thanks to Mr. Duffus Hardy, this has been checked; and the result is that the date of Hankford's appointment shifts back to March 29, 1413; eight days after King Henry acceded to the throne and ten days before he was crowned.

The timeframe and haste of Hankford's appointment contrasts with the delay in the issuing of patents to the other judges makes the argument that Gascoigne's choice of appointing Hankford had less to do with the act than King Henry's decision. Not to mention the royal warrant issued by Henry V more than a year later, giving Hankford four bucks and four does a year for the rest of his life. This proof of Henry V's good will towards Hankford clearly offsets the impression created by his early removal.

With all of this information we have, King Henry's supposed favour towards Gascoigne by renominating the gentleman to his position is of no credit. But, even supposing none of this had been known, I myself must admit my own surprise that anyone would say Gascoigne was ever Chief Justice to Henry V when there is clearly proof to the contrary in the two records existing before him.

The first record is on the Issue Roll of July 1413, in which Gascoigne is called "late Chief Justice of the Bench of Lord Henry, father of the present King."
