Let
us see whether facts support this presumption.

Now, Hankford was a Judge of the Common Pleas at the end of the previous reign; but he was
omitted when his brethren of that court received their new patents from Henry V., which were
not issued till May 2, a day or two before Easter Term. And yet we find the name of Hankford
in the Year-book reports of both that and Trinity Term; and we find it, not as acting in the
Common Pleas, but as ruling in the King's Bench.

Further, although Gascoigne was summoned to the first parliament on March 22, yet on its meeting
on May 15, he was not present;--added to which, his usual position, as first named legal trier
of petitions, was filled by Sir William Hankford, placed too in precedence of Sir William Thirning,
the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas.

These facts, so contradictory to Dugdale's date, rendered it necessary to refer to the roll.
This, by the kindness of Mr. Duffus Hardy (who certainly can never be called the "streict-laced"
gaoler of the records, alluded to in your fourth number, Vol. i., p. 60.), has been inspected;
and the result is that the date of Hankford's appointment, instead of being January 29, 1414,
as stated by Dugdale, turns out to be March 29, 1413; just eight days after King Henry's accession,
and ten days previous to his coronation.

The peculiar period chosen for this act, and its precipitancy in contrast with the delay in
issuing the new patents to the other judges, tend strongly, I am afraid, to deprive us of the
"flattering unction" of supposing that it resulted from Gascoigne's choice, rather than Henry's
mandate. Nor is the royal warrant of November 1414, 2 Henry V. (twenty months afterwards),
granting him four bucks and four does yearly, during his life, out of the forest of Pontefract,
a sufficient proof of favour to countervail the impression created by his early removal.

With these facts before us, King Henry's supposed generosity in renominating Gascoigne can
no longer be credited. But, even presuming that none of these facts had been discovered, I
must own myself surprised that any one could maintain that Gascoigne was ever Chief Justice
to Hen. V., with two existing records before him, both containing conclusive proof to the contrary.

The first is the entry on the Issue Roll of July, 1413, of a payment made of an arrear of Gascoigne's
salary and pension, in which he is called "late Chief Justice of the Bench of Lord Henry, father
of the present King."
