But his catalogue of Swift's vices is far more intriguing than that of our clergyman, his gossip
far more detailed and malicious. Clearly, Swift could not possibly do anything to please some
of his readers. If their hostile reactions have any meaning, they prove that Swift's political
connections and high-church sympathies prevented many of his contemporaries from responding
to the virtues of Gulliver's Travels; and that, on the contrary, his chief work was tapped
for evidence of the author's suspected impiety and partisan politics.

That this hostility persisted far into the eighteenth century may be seen in the illuminating
anecdote told in the 1780's by Horace Walpole, son of the "Great Man" so glowingly praised
in the Letter from a Clergyman:

     Swift was a good writer, but had a bad heart. Even to the last he
     was devoured by ambition, which he pretended to despise. Would
     you believe that, after finding his opposition to the ministry
     fruitless, and, what galled him still more, contemned, he
     summoned up resolution to wait on Sir Robert Walpole? Sir Robert
     seeing Swift look pale and ill, inquired the state of his health,
     with his usual old English good humour and urbanity. They were
     standing by a window that looked into the court-yard, where was
     an ancient ivy dropping towards the ground. "Sir," said Swift,
     with an emphatic look, "I am like that ivy; I want support." Sir
     Robert answered, "Why then, doctor, did you attach youself to a
     falling wall?" Swift took the hint, made his bow, and retired.[8]

Northern Illinois University

NOTES TO THE INTRODUCTION

[1] In The Intelligencer, No. III (1728), Swift defends Gay's satire on the "Great Man," The
Beggar's Opera (1728), and continues his offensive against Sir Robert Walpole. Here it may
be mentioned that in his apology for the irony used by persecuted dissenters, Anthony Collins
[A Discourse Concerning Ridicule and Irony (1729)] remarks that "High-Church" overlooked Swift's
"drolling upon Christianity," and was unwilling to punish him because of his "Drollery upon
the Whigs, Dissenters, and the War with France." (pp. 39-40).
