enactments of the object is what? Certainly the interest of the state and no major crimes. State of the wisdom it requires for his own safety, and lest it should commit the crimes and mistakes of an innocent man hang, but the whole truth be known . How much will the government and jurisprudence if an innocent man should be done? When, therefore, a lawyer admitted the defense of a murderer he is known to follow the law and order is to serve the best interests of the staff when he forced the prosecution to prove offense, and not only that, he served as justice itself and not the only crime. Even judges have no authority to punish, except those provisions of the law is followed and the offense is proven. Who does not heard about the indictment of two Bournes in Vermont, and they urged guilty to the crime of murder, they had the night before the execution, when the murder of a man put on the appearance her? How better justice appeared the room had been made by a loyal, tenacious, and conscience rather than lawyers conducted such a way that bone bungling of a horse were on duty for the bones of the murder of a man! That case had to perform their tasks better as a bugbear for a century than any other legal decisions. "

Mr. Burchard has become quite warm, and has asserted that he would never take a uniform, and then, no matter what he then needs to gain knowledge, desert to a customer, and he suspicious if a lawyer has the moral conscience can refuse to protect a key brother allegedly crime. "With regard to refuse," said he, "proceeds upon the ground made by the doctors, which is not significant defense should be done, but that statement must be adopted when a crime whether truth can be proven or not. And I'm at a loss to discover how my friend the doctor can accept the requirements of the act was called, but insisted that, honest Conscientious lawyers alone can not follow them. "

Mr. Burchard, feeling that he was somewhat more enthusiastic than the occasion required, change the theme of this wise:

"You remember that a certain company in Philadelphia have made a special deposit of eighteen thousand dollars in gold at the Trust Company, and some experts thief with a fake check property income money.
