What is the object of these enactments? Undoubtedly the
interest of the state and not primarily of the criminal. The state in its wisdom requires for
its own safety, and lest it should commit the crime and the blunder of hanging an innocent
man, that the whole truth should be known. How greatly would the government and jurisprudence
suffer if a guiltless man should be executed? When, therefore, a lawyer assumes the defence
of a known murderer he is complying with the commands of the statutes and is serving the best
interests of the government when he compels the prosecuting officer to the proof of the offence;
and not only so, he is serving justice itself and not the criminal only. Even the judges have
no authority to punish, except these provisions of law are complied with and the offence be
proved. Who has not heard of the indictment of the two Bournes in Vermont, and of their having
pleaded guilty to the crime of murder, for which they were on the eve of being executed, when
the supposed murdered man put in his appearance? How much better would justice have appeared
had the defence been conducted by a tenacious, faithful, and conscientious lawyer instead of
being conducted in such a bungling manner that the bones of a horse did duty for the bones
of the supposed murdered man! That case has done better duty as a bugbear for a century than
any other legal decision."

Mr. Burchard became quite warm, and made the assertion that he would never take a retainer,
and afterwards, no matter what knowledge he should subsequently acquire, desert a client; and
he doubted if a conscientious lawyer had a moral right to refuse to defend a brother mortal
accused of crime. "For the refusal," said he, "proceeds upon the ground taken by the doctor,
which substantially is that no defence ought to be made, but that sentence should be passed
upon a real criminal whether the crime can be proved or not. And I am at a loss to discover
how my friend the doctor can approve of the requirements of the statutes which have been referred
to, and yet assert that honest, conscientious lawyers alone cannot comply with them."

Mr. Burchard, feeling that he had been somewhat more enthusiastic than the occasion demanded,
changed the subject in this wise:

"You all remember that a certain firm in Philadelphia made a special deposit of eighteen thousand
dollars in gold in the Trust Company, and some expert thieves by means of a forged check obtained
possession of the money.
