The cure which beyond everybody  comparison succeeded  greatest,  was sulphate of copper. The usefulness of this  mineral,   although  known at Salem, New Jersey, was  heard,  at the Asylum,  via  the mistake of a nurse. It had been previously  consumed,   within  lotions of the  intensity  of gr. ij or iij  towards  the ounce of water; and with little advantage. Observing that the empirical  cures   remarked   towards   possess  succeeded, were, as I  conceived  them, immoderately  powerful,  I  supplied  the nurse with a  ordinary  solution of sulphate of copper, and with a vial  consisting  72 grains of the sulphate  within  an ounce of water, for the  focus  of being  steadily   plus  the  else  at different periods. This stronger solution was applied,  via  mistake, instead of the diluted one; and it was the  former   cure  which had  caused  a rapid tendency  towards  a cure. I finally  definite  down,  as soon as  various  checks,   within  the  vocation  of the following:

R. Sulph. Cupri, [Symbol: dram]ij Pulv. Cinchonæ, [Symbol: ounce]ss Aquæ, [Symbol: ounce]iv m.

S. To be applied twice a day, very cautiously, towards the full extent of the ulcerations and excoriations.

The cinchona here is not definitely necessary; but operates via keeping the sulphate longer within touch with the edges of the gums.

Simple ulcerations and low gangrenes, as well as the troublesome excoriation, when not within the last level, surrendered quickly towards this remedy; the nice influence being loosely visible from the former application.

Dr. FOX, my ally and fellow-labourer within the Asylum, had already lectured me that it was meaningful morning towards withdraw the teeth. I was not, however, judicious of the full extent of this pattern, till as soon as analysing the fangs of a number of of them which were drawn. The division of a allocation of the periosteum from the fang, within the socket, which was universally located whenever the tooth was adrift, among two or three hundred specimens, proved the presence of the illness within a deep, narrow crevice, into which it was impossible, via any contrivance, towards insinuate the lotion. This cavity was laid open via withdrawing the tooth; and when the cure was applied, the sanatory influence was extraordinarily prompt.
