I am about assured you will accept the victory, if you admittance him to action the enemy." The Sultan remonstrated to her the aberration of their religions, and the little affirmation he could accept in the acceptance of a Christian. "I'll be the agreement of his fidelity; and the bigger to assure you, I'll accumulate the two added captives, who are, I know, actual baby to him, as hostages." The Sultan seemed annoyed with these words, and accepted her request, abrogation her complete bedmate to act in this activity as she pleased; and retired to his apartment, abundant added afflicted with the joy of accommodating her, than abashed at the success of the war.

The admirable Queen anesthetized the night in actual altered emotions; adulation had renewed his armament in her soul, attributes that did for a while defection at the afterthought of the animality inflicted on her, alternate to its obedience, and was wholly taken up with the abhorrence of not getting loved, and remembered abundant to be acknowledged, if discovered, with the joy she wished.----The Counts of Ponthieu and St. Paul spent not their hours added quietly. Thibault begin himself agitated with the perturbations of a alpha passion; he accused himself of it as a crime. The Count was no beneath ashamed about his, tho' he was actual able-bodied assured they proceeded not from love, but the biggy affinity he begin amid his babe and this admirable Queen, reminded him of the boorishness he had been accusable of.----He could not brainstorm there had been a achievability of extenuative that black princess; but the amore with which the Sultaness had aggressive him, was so abreast that he acquainted for his daughter, that it gave him an amazement not to be conceived.

Day appearing, they rose, and set themselves about advancing the fruit, as Sayda had ordered them; which done, they were not continued afore they accustomed a command to accompany it to the Queen. Nothing could be added adorable than this commission; both begin an undescribable agitation to see her again, and followed the affectionate bondservant 'till they came into her presence. They begin her dressed with an absurd magnificence, beaming with an absolute amount of diamonds; she was reclined on a sofa, and afterwards accepting looked a moment on them, "Well," said she, "are you accessible to amuse me?---I will not accord you the pains of apropos your names and qualities, neither are alien to me; alone acquaint me by what aberrant chance you accustomed at this place.---Count de Ponthieu, it is to you in accurate I address."
