Whenever our creative power has come to the forefront the inspiration for that has come from within the nation and it has exhibited an unquestionable religious base, which, incidentally, I always refer to as the strong underlying bond among us. The political arena has been the scene of action in one form or another as the Italians carried the idea that their being shall strike fruition with struggle and action in this sphere. Whatever be the divisions elsewhere every stock of people remain united in our land. Sabines or Etruscans, whoever it be, were guided by their religiosity to build their civil society, or
their day to day living style. The Pythagoreans on the other hand established their own system of beliefs, religious associations, and political institutions the same time. Rome had the strength of the strong religious base of its people, and so derived its vigor, zeal for action on the accumulated, acquired feelings of oneness due to which the individuality got diffused for the sake of the common mission. The democratic institutions of the nation being basically religious, laws and rules of the government were derived off that fundamental belief of the philosophers, thinkers of the times.  
Mankind listened to more or less the command from Rome, namely “Urbs Orbi”. Twice Europe saw unity in a moral sense thanks to the voice of Rome.
It was my strong belief that the base foundations of the third life of Europe has to come out of the Roman zeal, vitality, emotions and passion within me I felt the acceptance and praising of the great Roman voice by the entire humanity with loving reverence and expressing strongly through the oneness of faith common to everybody. The unity seen now was not of  the old type wherein for a few centuries the people were emancipated due to the conducive, sacred atmosphere of the times; liberty and equality to be had in heaven. This new unity was the one resulting in liberty and equality of the entire humanity, due to the formula of Associations in the front, visible and throbbing, in the here and now on this earth in accordance with God’s will; A podium of perfection, man is blessed with to enable a life of lofty and grandeur existence.
And Rome came out, in the name of God and democratic Italy, with a declarations of Principles, as against a bleak declaration of rights- the basic idea being one of attaining human progress- a common mission and goal for all the nations and the revelation of a new religion.
