Genius of our people, wherever spontaneously revealed, and exercised independently of all foreign inspiration, has always evinced the religious character, the unifying power to which I allude. Any conception of the Italian mind sought its incarnation in action - trying to take form in the political sphere. Ideally, and realistically, and elsewhere divided, have always tended to be united in our country. Sabines and Etruscans alike derived their civil organization and way of life from their conception of heaven. Pythagoreans founded their philosophy, religious and political institutions at one and the same time. From the vitality and power of Rome lay in the religious sense of collective mission, the objectives to be achieved, in the contemplation of which the individual was submerged. Our democratic republics were all religious. Our early philosophical thinkers were all tormented the idea of translating their ideal conceptions into practical rules of government.

And as for our foreign missions.

We do it twice gave the moral unity of Europe, on the then known world. The voice that came from Rome in the past had been addressed and reverenced by humanity, - "Urbs Orbi."

Italy is a religion. And when, in my earliest years, I believed that the initiative of the third life of Europe would spring from the heart, action, enthusiasm and sacrifice of our people, I heard the voice of my grand sounding Rome, once again, welcomed and accepted with respect and love for people, and telling of moral unity and brotherhood in the faith common to all mankind. It was not the unity of the past - which, though sacred and conducive to civilization for many centuries, but the man emancipate the individual, and to discover that his ideals of freedom and equality only to be realized in heaven: it was a new unity, irrespective of the collective humanity, and reveals the formula of the Association, through which liberty and equality are destined to be realized here on earth, sanctifying the land and rendering it what God wills it should be, - a stage on the path of perfection, then gives the man which deserves greater and nobler existence in the hereafter.

I saw Rome, in the name of God and Republican Italy, replacing the Declaration of Principles for the bare declaration of rights, - principles the logical consequences of parents' idea, PROGRESS, - and nations reveals that a common goal, under the new religion.
