The genius
of our nation, whenever it has been spontaneously revealed, and exercised independently of
all foreign inspiration, has always evinced the religious character, the unifying power to
which I allude. Every conception of the Italian mind sought its incarnation in action,--strove
to assume a form in the political sphere. The ideal and the real, elsewhere divided, have always
tended to be united in our land. Sabines and Etruscans alike derived their civil organization
and way of life from their conception of Heaven. The Pythagoreans founded their philosophy,
religious associations, and political institutions at one and the same time. The source of
the vitality and power of Rome lay in a religious sense of a collective mission, of an aim
to be achieved, in the contemplation of which the individual was submerged. Our democratic
republics were all religious. Our early philosophical thinkers were all tormented by the idea
of translating their ideal conceptions into practical rules of government.

And as to our external mission.

We alone have twice given moral unity to Europe, to the known world. The voice that issued
from Rome in the past was addressed to and reverenced by humanity,--"Urbs Orbi."

Italy is a religion. And when, in my earliest years, I believed that the initiative of the
third life of Europe would spring from the heart, the action, the enthusiasm and sacrifice
of our people, I heard within me the grand voice of Rome sounding once again, hailed and accepted
with loving reverence by the peoples, and telling of moral unity and fraternity in a faith
common to all humanity. It was not the unity of the past,--which, though sacred and conducive
to civilization for many centuries, did but emancipate individual man, and reveal to him an
ideal of liberty and equality only to be realized in Heaven: it was a new unity, emancipating
collective humanity, and revealing the formula of Association, through which liberty and equality
are destined to be realized here on earth; sanctifying the earth and rendering it what God
wills it should be,--a stage upon the path of perfection, a means given to man wherewith to
deserve a higher and nobler existence hereafter.

And I saw Rome, in the name of God and Republican Italy, substituting a declaration of PRINCIPLES
for the barren declaration of rights,--principles the logical consequences of the parent idea,
PROGRESS,--and revealing to the nations a common aim, and the basis of a new religion.
