Genius of our nation, whenever it was revealed spontaneously, and exercised independently of all foreign inspiration, has always proved a religious, unifying power to which I allude. Each design has requested the Italian mind in action incarnation - has endeavored to take shape in the political sphere. Ideal and real, elsewhere divided, have always tended to be united in our country. Sabines and Etruscans derived both their civil organization and way of life from their conception of Heaven. Pythagoreans founded their philosophy, religious associations, political institutions and the one and same time. Source of vitality and power of Rome put it in a religious sense of a collective mission, a goal to be achieved, in contemplation of the individual was submerged. Our democratic republic was religious. Our early philosophical thinkers were struggling with the idea to translate their conceptions into practical rules of government budget.

And as our external mission.

We alone have twice given the moral unity of Europe, the known world. The voice that issued from Rome in the past has been addressed and reverenced by humanity, - "Urbs Orbi."

Italy is a religion. And when, in past years earlier, the third initiative I thought life in Europe would spring from the heart, action, enthusiasm and sacrifice of our people, I heard my voice sounding great in Rome again welcomed and accepted with loving respect for people, and say moral unity and fraternity in a faith common to all people. There was unity in the past - which, though sacred and conducive to civilization for many centuries, but man did emancipate the individual, and it reveals an ideal of freedom and equality only to be made in heaven: it was a new unit, collective emancipation of humanity and reveal the formula of association, freedom and equality which are intended to be made here on earth, sanctifying the earth and do what God wants it should be, - a step towards perfection means given to man to merit a higher and nobler existence hereafter.

And I saw Rome, in the name of God and Republican Italy, substituting a declaration of principles for barren declaration of rights, - principles the logical consequences of the parent idea, PROGRESS, - and reveal a common goal Nations, and based on a new religions.
