
The powerful instrument used at Baltimore for photographing spectra, and the measuring engine
constructed to fit the photographs so that its readings give the wave lengths of lines directly
within 1/100 of a division on Angström's scale, give the foregoing results a weight superior
to many others published.

       *       *       *       *       *

ALLOTROPIC FORMS OF METALS.

Writing on some curious properties of metals and alloys, Mr. W.C. Roberts-Austen, says the
Engineer, remarks that the importance of the isomeric and allotropic states has been much neglected
in the case of metals. Joule and Lyon Playfair showed, in 1846, that metals in different allotropic
states possess different atomic volumes, and Matthiessen, in 1860, was led to the view that
in certain cases where metals are alloyed they pass into allotropic states, probably the most
important generalization which has yet been made in connection with the molecular constitution
of alloys. Instances of allotropy in pure metals are: Bolley's lead, which oxidizes readily
in air; Schutzenberger's copper; Fritsche' tin, which falls to powder when exposed to exceptionally
cold winter; Gore's antimony; Graham's palladium and allotropic nickel. Joule has also proved
that, when iron is released from its amalgam by distilling away the mercury, the metallic iron
takes fire on exposure to air, and is therefore clearly different from ordinary iron.

In connection with the SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN, Messrs. MUNN & Co. are Solicitors of American and
Foreign Patents, have had 42 years' experience, and now have the largest establishment in the
world. Patents are obtained on the best terms. By the immense circulation thus given, public
attention is directed to the merits of the new patent, and sales or introduction often easily
effected.

Any person who has made a new discovery or invention can ascertain, free of charge, whether
a patent can probably be obtained, by writing to MUNN & Co.

We also send free our Hand Book about the Patent Laws, Patents, Caveats, Trade Marks, their
costs, and how procured. Address

MUNN & CO., 361 BROADWAY, NEW YORK.

Branch Office, 622 and 624 F St., Washington, D.C.
