What readings give the wave lengths of lines directly within 1/100 of a division on Anström's scale? The measuring engine contructed to fit the photographs, and the powerful instrument used at Baltimore for photographing spectra. The foregoing results are thusly given a weight superior to many others published.



Metals: Allotropic Forms

According to the Engineer, Mr. W.C. Roberts-Austen writes on some curious properties of alloys and metals, remarking that the importance of the allotropic and isomeric states has been much ignored in the case of metals. In 1846, Joule and Lyon Playfair demonstrated that metals in several allotropic states contain different atomic volumes. In 1860, Matthiessen was led to believe that in some cases where metals are alloyed they become allotropic. This is probably the most important generalization made to date in connection with alloys and its molecular constitution. Examples of instances of allotropy in pure metals include the following: allotropic nickel, Schutzenberger's copper, Gore's antimony, Bolley's lead, Graham's palladium and Fritsche'tin. When iron is released from its amalgam by distilling away the mercury, Joule asserts that the metallic iron takes fire on exposure to air. Therefore it is clearly different from ordinary iron.

By writing to Messrs, MUNN & Co., any person who has made a new invention or discovery can request, free of charge, the knowledge of whether of a patent can likely be obtained. With 42 years' experience behind them, MUNN & CO are not only connected with the SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN, but now also have the largest establishment in the world, with patents obtained on the best terms. As a result of the immense circulation thus given, public attention is easily directed to the merits of the new patent, with sales and introduction naturally and frequently effected.

To obtain a free Hand Book about the Patents, Trade Marks, Caveats, Patent Laws, associated costs, and procurement information, one may write to MUNN & CO. at 361 Broadway in New York or via their Branch Office at 622 and 624 F St. in Washington, D.C.
