And the knight and the horse were fully accoutred with huge heavy blue
armour.  And a robe of honour of yellow diapered satin was upon the knight, and the borders
of the robe were blue.  And the housings of the horse were jet-black, with borders of bright
yellow.  And on the thigh of the youth was a sword, long, and three-edged, and heavy.  And
the scabbard was of red cut leather, and the belt of new red deer-skin, having upon it many
golden slides and a buckle of the bone of the sea-horse, the tongue of which was jet-black.
A golden helmet was upon the head of the knight, wherein were set sapphire-stones of great
virtue.  And at the top of the helmet was the figure of a flame-coloured lion, with a fiery-red
tongue, issuing above a foot from his mouth, and with venomous eyes, crimson-red, in his head.
And the knight came, bearing in his hand a thick ashen lance, the head whereof, which had been
newly steeped in blood, was overlaid with silver.

And the youth saluted the Emperor:  "Lord," said he, "carest thou not for the slaying of thy
pages, and thy young men, and the sons of the nobles of the Island of Britain, whereby it will
be difficult to defend this island from henceforward for ever?"  "Owain," said Arthur, "forbid
thy Ravens."  "Play this game, Lord," said Owain.

So they finished the game and began another; and as they were finishing that game, lo, they
heard a great tumult and a clamour of armed men, and a croaking of Ravens, and a flapping of
wings in the air, as they flung down the armour entire to the ground, and the men and the horses
piecemeal.  Then they saw coming a knight on a lofty- headed piebald horse.  And the left shoulder
of the horse was of bright red, and its right leg from the chest to the hollow of the hoof
was pure white.  And the knight and horse were equipped with arms of speckled yellow, variegated
with Spanish laton.  And there was a robe of honour upon him, and upon his horse, divided in
two parts, white and black, and the borders of the robe of honour were of golden purple.  And
above the robe he wore a sword three-edged and bright, with a golden hilt.  And the belt of
the sword was of yellow goldwork, having a clasp upon it of the eyelid of a black sea-horse,
and a tongue of yellow gold to the clasp.  Upon the head of the knight was a bright helmet
of yellow laton, with sparkling stones of crystal in it, and at the crest of the helmet was
the figure of a griffin, with a stone of many virtues in its head.
