And the knight and the  horse  were fully accoutred with huge heavy blue armour. And a robe of honour of yellow diapered satin was upon the knight, and the  edges  of the robe were blue. And the housings of the  horse  were jet-black, with  edges  of  silver  yellow. And  onto  the thigh of the youth was a sword, long, and three-edged, and heavy. And the scabbard was of red cut leather, and the belt of  novel  red deer-skin, having upon it  a lot  golden  slips  and a buckle of the bone of the sea-horse, the tongue of which was jet-black. A golden helmet was upon the  brain  of the knight, wherein were  predetermined  sapphire-stones of great virtue. And at the top of the helmet was the figure of a flame-coloured lion, with a fiery-red tongue,  printing  above a foot from his mouth, and with venomous eyes, crimson-red,  within  his head. And the knight  arrived,  bearing  within  his hand a thick ashen lance, the  brain  whereof, which had been  freshly  steeped  within  blood, was overlaid with silver.

And the youth saluted the Emperor: "Lord," remarked he, "carest thou not for the slaying of thy pages, and thy young men, and the sons of the nobles of the Island of Britain, whereby it shall be difficult towards defend this island from henceforward for ever?" "Owain," remarked Arthur, "forbid thy Ravens." "Play this toy, Lord," remarked Owain.

So they ceased the toy and began another; and as they were ceasing that toy, lo, they heard a great tumult and a clamour of armed men, and a croaking of Ravens, and a flapping of wings within the air, as they thrown down the armour entire towards the ground, and the men and the horses piecemeal. Then they observed arriving a knight onto a lofty- headed piebald horse. And the deserted shoulder of the horse was of silver red, and its right foot from the chest towards the hollow of the hoof was pure white. And the knight and horse were equipped with arms of streaked yellow, variegated with Spanish laton. And there was a robe of honour upon him, and upon his horse, shared within two branches, white and black, and the edges of the robe of honour were of golden purple. And above the robe he wore a sword three-edged and silver, with a golden hilt. And the belt of the sword was of yellow goldwork, having a clasp upon it of the eyelid of a black sea-horse, and a tongue of yellow gold towards the clasp. Upon the brain of the knight was a silver helmet of yellow laton, with brilliant stones of crystal within it, and at the crest of the helmet was the figure of a griffin, with a masonry of a lot virtues within its head.
