And knight and horse were fully accoutred with huge blue heavy armor. A diapered satin robe of honor was the yellow knight, and the borders were blue robe. And carcasses of horses were jet black with bright yellow borders. Youth and thigh with a sword was long, and three-edged, and heavy. Sheath and skin was cut from the red, and red belt in November deer skin, with many slides her gold and a clasp of bone hippocampus, the language was jet black. A golden helmet on his head was a knight, in which were set sapphire-stones of great virtue. And on top of the helmet was the figure of a lion of colored flames with a fire-red tongue, issuing above a foot from his mouth, and with venomous eyes, crimson-red head. And there came a knight holding a thick ash spear, head of Law, which has recently been steeped in blood, was overlaid with silver.

And Youth, welcomed the king: "Lord," he said, "not to kill thousands carest your pages, and your men young, and noble sons of Britain, which will be difficult to defend this island from now on forever? "Owain," said Arthur, "forbid your Ravens. "Playing this game, my God," said Owain.

So they finished the game and started another, and as they were finishing that game, lo, they heard a great clamor and tumult of armed men, and a croaking of ravens, and air wings wings as they cast down the whole armor of earth, and men and horses piece by piece. Then they saw coming a knight on a piebald horse noble ends. And left shoulder of the horse was bright red, and right leg from the chest was empty pure white hoof. And knight and horse were equipped with weapons of yellow speckled, mottled with Spanish Latvia. And there was a robe of honor to him and his horse, divided into two parts, black and white borders and honor clothes were purple gold. And above wear a robe with three-edged sword and shiny, with a gold handle. The sword belt was goldwork yellow, with a handshake on his eyelid, the Black Sea-horse, and a yellow gold tongue clasp. At the head knight of Latvia was a bright yellow helmet with sparkling crystal stones in it, and the crest of helmet was the figure of a griffin, a stone of many virtues in his head.
