
Mr. Toppel. Now that we have the Lord Chancellor, the Lord Chief Justice, and the President
of the Divorce Division, securely locked up together in the attic, and gagged, we may, I think,
congratulate ourselves on the success of our proceedings so far! We are, I am sure, quite agreed
as to there having been no other course open to us than to imitate our Sicilian brethren of
the robe, and take to a little mild brigandage, considering the awful decay of legal business
and our own destitute condition. (Sympathetic cries of Hear, hear! from the Chancery Barrister,
and the two Starving Juniors.) I have no doubt that a few hours spent in our attic will induce
the High Legal Dignitaries I have mentioned (laughter) to pay up the modest ransom we demand,
and to take the additional pledge of secresy. Meanwhile, I propose that these sixteen excellent
gentlemen should re-enter the private Pirate Bus' which is waiting down-stairs, and see whether
the Master of the Rolls could not be--er--"detained in transitu" (more laughter) while proceeding
to his Court. It would be best, perhaps, as Lord ESHER belongs to the Equity side, for our
friend here of the Chancery Bar to accommodate him in his Chambers.

Chancery Barrister (alarmed). But I have only a basement!

Mr. Toppel (calmly). A basement will do very well. (To the sixteen Masked Men). You will probably
find Lord ESHER somewhere about Chancery Lane. Impress on him that our fee in his case is a
thousand guineas; or--both ears lopped off! [Exeunt the Sixteen.

First Junior. I went upstairs just now, in order to see how our distinguished prisoners were
getting on. The CHANCELLOR, I regret to say, seemed dissatisfied with the bread and water supplied
to him, and asked for "necessaries suitable to his status." He appeared inclined to argue the
point; so I had to gag him again.

Mr. Toppel. Quite right. You might have told him that he is now governed by the lex loci, and
that we shall reluctantly have to send little pieces of him to his friends--I believe that
is the "common form" in brigand circles--if he persists in refusing the ransom. How does the
LORD CHIEF JUSTICE bear it?

Second Junior. Not well.
