The navigator decided
to use the remaining days of autumn in a visit to this settlement, although the Stadacona Indians
strenuously objected, declaring that there were all manner of dangers and difficulties in the
way. With his smallest vessel and about half of his men, Cartier, however, made his way up
the river during the last fortnight in September.

Near the point where the largest of the St. Lawrence rapids bars the river gateway to the west
the Frenchman found Hochelaga nestling between the mountain and the shore, in the midst of
"goodly and large fields full of corn such as the country yieldeth." The Indian village, which
consisted of about fifty houses, was encircled by three courses of palisades, one within the
other. The natives received their visitors with great cordiality, and after a liberal distribution
of trinkets the French learned from them some vague snatches of information about the rivers
and great lakes which lay to the westward "where a man might travel on the face of the waters
for many moons in the same direction." But as winter was near Cartier found it necessary to
hurry back to Stadacona, where the remaining members of his expedition had built a small fort
or habitation during his absence.

Everything was made ready for the long season of cold and snow, but the winter came on with
unusual severity. The neighboring Indians grew so hostile that the French hardly dared to venture
from their narrow quarters. Supplies ran low, and to make matters worse the pestilence of scurvy
came upon the camp. In February almost the entire company was stricken down and nearly one
quarter of them had died before the emaciated survivors learned from the Indians that the bark
of a white spruce tree boiled in water would afford a cure. The Frenchmen dosed themselves
with the Indian remedy, using a whole tree in less than a week, but with such revivifying results
that Cartier hailed the discovery as a genuine miracle. When spring appeared, the remnant of
the company, now restored to health and vigor, gladly began their preparations for a return
to France. There was no ardor among them for a further exploration of this inhospitable land.
