During the remaining days of Autumn, the navigator decided to pay a visit to this settlement, although the Stadacona Indians strongly objected, declaring that there were many dangers and difficulties in the way. With his smallest vessel and half the number of his men, Cartier made his way up the river during the last two weeks of September.

Near the point where the largest of the St. Lawrence rapids bars the river gateway to the west the Frenchman found Hochelaga nestling between the mountain and the shore, in the midst of large fields of corn. The Indian village which consisted of approximately fifty houses, was encircled by three courses of palisades, one within the other. The native Indians welcomed their visitors with great hospitality, and after a liberal distribution of trinkets the French learned a few pieces of information from them about the rivers and great lakes toward the west "where a man might travel on the face of the waters for many moons in the same direction."  But as winter approached Cartier found it necessary to return to Stadacona, where the remaining members of his expedition had built a small shelter during his absence.

Everything was ready for the long season of cold and snow, but the winter came on with unusual severity. The neighboring Indians grew so hostile that the French did not dare to venture beyond their narrow quarters. Supplies ran low, and to make matters worse the pestilence of scurvy came upon the camp. By February almost the whole company had fallen ill and nearly a quarter had died before the emaciated survivors learned from the Indians that the bark of a white spruce tree boiled in water could cure their sickness. The Frenchman does themselves with the Indian remedy, using the whole tree in less than a week, but with such great results that Cartier hailed the discovery as a miracle. When Spring came round, the remaining members of the company, now restored to health and vigor, began preparing for their return to France. There was no ardor among them for a further exploration of this inhospitable land.
