To-day when the  young men  took off the tattered hats from their bonny little heads, all  very dark   swell  and riotous curls, and with disarming dimples and sparkling eyes  offered  them to me for alms, I  examined  them with  grinning   esteem,   considering  how like Raphael's cherubs they were, and then said in my best Italian: "Oh, yes, I  glimpse  them; they are  really  most  attractive  hats. I  express gratitude  you for  displaying  them to me, and I am  satisfied  to  glimpse  you courteously take them off to a lady." 
This American pleasantry was passed from mouth to mouth gleefully, and so  really   relished  that they  appeared  to  overlook  they had been denied. They ran, still  joking  and chattering, to the wood- carver's shop near-by and  notified  him the  article,  or so I judged, for he came to his window and  grinned  benignly upon me as I sat in the gondola with my writing-pad on my knees. I was  satisfied  at the  amicable   glimpse,  for he is the  champion  of a  attractive  little romance, and I long to make his acquaintance. 
 It  looks like  that, some years  in the past,  the Queen, with one lady-in-waiting in attendance, came to his shop  somewhat  early in the morning. Both were plainly  clad  in  cotton material  gowns, and neither made any pretensions. He was carving  a thing  that could not be  declined,  a cherub's face that had to be  closed  while his  reflected  of it was fresh. Hurriedly  requesting  pardon, he  carried on  his work, and at end of an hour  lifted  his eyes, breathless and apologetic, to  view  at his visitors. The  larger   female  had a  very  apparent   appearance. He  stared   progressively,  and then, to his  astonish  and  disquiet,   acknowledged  the Queen. Far from being  shocked,  she  valued  his devotion to his art, and before she left the shop she  granted  him a  assignment  for a  noble  staircase. I am going to  request  the Little Genius to take me to  observe  his work, but, alas! there will be an unsurmountable  blockage  between us, for I  not able to  utter in my new Italian  any kind  but the most commonplace and  more  typical   statements.

VI

CASA ROSA, May 28. 
 Oh, this misery of being dumb, incoherent, unintelligible, foolish, inarticulate in a foreign land, for  need  of words! It is unwise, I  worry,  to have at the outset too high an  perfect  either in  syntax  or accent.
