
To-day when the boys took off the tattered hats from their bonny little heads, all black waves
and riotous curls, and with disarming dimples and sparkling eyes presented them to me for alms,
I looked at them with smiling admiration, thinking how like Raphael's cherubs they were, and
then said in my best Italian:  "Oh, yes, I see them; they are indeed most beautiful hats. 
I thank you for showing them to me, and I am pleased to see you courteously take them off to
a lady."

This American pleasantry was passed from mouth to mouth gleefully, and so truly enjoyed that
they seemed to forget they had been denied.  They ran, still laughing and chattering, to the
wood- carver's shop near-by and told him the story, or so I judged, for he came to his window
and smiled benignly upon me as I sat in the gondola with my writing-pad on my knees.  I was
pleased at the friendly glance, for he is the hero of a pretty little romance, and I long to
make his acquaintance.

It seems that, some years ago, the Queen, with one lady-in-waiting in attendance, came to his
shop quite early in the morning.  Both were plainly dressed in cotton gowns, and neither made
any pretensions.  He was carving something that could not be dropped, a cherub's face that
had to be finished while his thought of it was fresh.  Hurriedly asking pardon, he continued
his work, and at end of an hour raised his eyes, breathless and apologetic, to look at his
visitors.  The taller lady had a familiar appearance.  He gazed steadily, and then, to his
surprise and embarrassment, recognized the Queen.  Far from being offended, she respected his
devotion to his art, and before she left the shop she gave him a commission for a royal staircase.
I am going to ask the Little Genius to take me to see his work, but, alas! there will be an
unsurmountable barrier between us, for I cannot utter in my new Italian anything but the most
commonplace and conventional statements.

VI

CASA ROSA, May 28.

Oh, this misery of being dumb, incoherent, unintelligible, foolish, inarticulate in a foreign
land, for lack of words!  It is unwise, I fear, to have at the outset too high an ideal either
in grammar or accent.
