They  require   not ever   desire  for food. Their rations are most  frequently   administered  out to them and they are paid to clear and cultivate their own land. They work for themselves and are,  furthermore,  paid to  manage  so--and should a crop  go  incorrect   they are certain of their  nourishment,  anyway. I  inquire  if a man could  sensibly   anticipate  more? Is it not then unjust to lead these poor  persons  into a  problem  which--can but  hurt  them deeply! If half-breeds have grievances let them get them redressed if they chose, but let them not  blend  up the Indians in their troubles. The Indians, have  not anything  to  deplore  of and as a  rush  they are  joyous  their  rather   dwelling  of the  wilds  and I  address  it a  large   disgrace  for evil-minded  persons,   if  whites or half-breeds, to instill into their excitable heads the  untrue   concept  that they are presecuted by the government. In  talking   therefore  I  mention  to our Indians that is to  state  those under my late husband's control. But if all government  bureaus  and reserves are like that at Frog Lake, I hesitate not to  state,  that the government is over good to the  edgy   musicians  of the west.

I have no aim in my sketch to use any names--for if I mention one of my associates I should mention them all and that would be nearly impossible. No more will I mention the titles of any individuals who might be implicated in the odd and deceitful actions that have taken location preceding to, throughout and since the outbreak. Yet I seem it a obligation to present a factual image of the position of the Indian musicians and of the two large forces that rule in the homeland and whose concerns are the very converse of each other.

These two ruling parties are the Hudson Bay Company and the Dominion Government. There is not the smallest question, but their concerns are exactly opposed. The business has made its millions out of the fur trade and its present support is the identical trade. The more the Indians search the more the Company can make. Now the Government yearns to civilize them and to educate them to cultivate the soil. The more the Indian works on his ranch the less the Company gets in the way of fur. Again, the more the Government provision the Indians with rations the less the Company can deal to them.

Two buffalos are not granted for a glass of whiskey--one-third highwines and two-thirds water--as when the Company had full sway. The fire- water is not allowed to be conveyed to them now. No longer have the Indians to yield the exorbitant charges for pork, wheat flour, tea, &c., that the Company ascribed them.
