They need never want for food.
Their rations are most regularly dealt out to them and they are paid to clear and cultivate
their own land. They work for themselves and are, moreover, paid to do so--and should a crop
fail they are certain of their food, anyway. I ask if a man could reasonably expect more? Is
it not then unjust to lead these poor people into a trouble which--can but injure them deeply!
If half-breeds have grievances let them get them redressed if they chose, but let them not
mix up the Indians in their troubles. The Indians, have nothing to complain of and as a race
they are happy their quite home of the wilderness and I consider it a great shame for evil-minded
people, whether whites or half-breeds, to instill into their excitable heads the false idea
that they are presecuted by the government. In speaking thus I refer to our Indians that is
to say those under my late husband's control. But if all government agencies and reserves are
like that at Frog Lake, I hesitate not to say, that the government is over good to the restless
bands of the west.

I have no intention in my sketch to use any names--for if I mention one of my friends I should
mention them all and that would be almost impossible. No more will I mention the names of any
persons who might be implicated in the strange and dishonest acts that have taken place previous
to, during and since the outbreak. Yet I feel it a duty to present a true picture of the situation
of the Indian bands and of the two great powers that govern in the country and whose interests
are the very opposite of each other.

These two governing parties are the Hudson Bay Company and the Dominion Government. There is
not the slightest doubt, but their interests are directly opposed. The company has made its
millions out of the fur trade and its present support is the same trade. The more the Indians
hunt the more the Company can make. Now the Government desires to civilize them and to teach
them to cultivate the soil. The more the Indian works on his farm the less the Company gets
in the way of fur. Again, the more the Government supplies the Indians with rations the less
the Company can sell to them.

Two buffalos are not given for a glass of whiskey--one-third highwines and two-thirds water--as
when the Company had full sway. The fire- water is not permitted to be brought to them now.
No longer have the Indians to pay the exorbitant prices for pork, flour, tea, &c., that the
Company charged them.
