By T.H.MORTION. 1.figure.--Section of sensitive plate after exposure and during development

Gelatine Transparencies for the Lantern

An Integrating Machine. By C.V.BOYS.--1 figure.

Upon a Modification of Wheatsone's Microphone and its Applicability to Radiophonic Researches. By ALEX.GRAHAM BELL,--2 figures.

IV. ARCHITECURE.--Suggestions in Architecure, 1 figure.--A pair of English cottages. By A.CAWSTON

* * * * *

ALCOHOL IN NATURE-ITS PRESENCE IN THE EARTH, WATER AND ATMOSPHERE.

A chemist of merit, Mr.A.Muentz, who has already made himself known by important labors and by analytical researches of great preceision, has been led to a very curious and totally unexpected discovery, on the subject of which he has kindly given us information in detail, which we place before our readers. [1] Mr. Muentz has discovered that arable soil, waters of the ocean and streams, and the atmosphere contain traces of alcohol; and that this compound, formed by the fermentation of organic matters, is everywhere distrubuted throughout nature. We should add that only infinitesimal quantities are involved--reaching only the proportion of millionths--yet the fact, for all that, offers a no less powerful interest. The method of analysis which has permitted the facts to be shown is very elegant and scrupulously exact, and is worthy of being made known.

[Footnote 1: The accompnying engravings have been made from drawings of the apparatus in the laboratory of which Mr.Muentz is director, at the Agronormic Institute.]

Mr.Muetz's method of procedure is as follows: He submits distillation three or four gallons of snow, rain, or sea water in an apparatus such a shown in Fig.1.The part which serves as a boiler, and which holds the liquid to be distrilled, is a milk-can, B. The vapors given off through the action of the feet in length, and then traverse a tube inclosed within a refrigerating cylinder, T, which is kept constantly cold by a current of water. They are finally condensed in a glass flask, R, which forms the receiver.
