How so many of them can be wrong? They all are. I am tired to my bones but if and when something get in my way on my way home, it is my duty to referee a street fight.

Thursday. I seem to have had an altercation with police on Wednesday. I am not in jail but feeling miserable and sorry. I must rain myself in. I am almost sure I gave way to my impulse and lost control of myself. Talking to Brown (or whoever it is), I have been drunk as a mule on its ass on the ground. Having him tell me that hurt me terribly. I can only excuse myself out of people’s eyes. I did exactly that and with Brown’s assistance (or whoever he is) we drew up an application to a retreat. It was what I needed, --- on the outset. I have missed too many opportunities and this could be my last for a long time so, I and Brown (or whoever it is) are making a show of it tonight.

Friday. Boots, again. Brown (or whoever he is) came over with two doctors. Despite my protesting to Brown (or whoever he is) that I can’t be bothered with but he says I must. I saw them and listened to what they have to say. They say I have to be cognizant of what I do. I agree. I am going into a retreat. I don’t like to say a word “retreat” with pronounced “re” and I say it should be said like it is one syllable. All right, it is a doctors’ order.

Saturday. I am at a charming retreat, far away from drinking. I should do well for next couple of weeks. I don’t remember how long I agreed to stay in this place but it has to be a considerable period. I have seen the Superintendent just now and he says he is sorry to see me go but I can’t stay. He was under the impression that I would stay here for the rest of my life which I seemed to agree to as evidenced in my signing the application to that effect. I don’t remember. I know I wanted to cure myself of being drunk all the time and I am hazy about what I was doing the last week. Superintendent says he must sign me out under the statute. It appears that I signed the application when I was drunk, not at all clued in. Nothing I can do. I am going out. There are worse things than drinking, whiskey and wine and all. I have feeling that I have a seat waiting for me at the bar. Another night in my boots.
*****
*****
THE RECENTLY-ELECTED R.A.'S.
The pictures these talented gentlemen show Monotonous never appear; Waves, woods, and (say) Wenice, MACWHIRTER & Co. Depict for us year after year.
