They are all wrong. Getting in my way on my road home.
I feel awfully tired. However, seems to be my duty to interfere in a street-row.

Thursday.--It appears I had an altercation with the police last night. I am free, but sorrowful.
I really must put myself under restraint. I feel almost certain that I have given way to intemperance.
On appealing to BROWN (or whoever he is), he says I have been as drunk as a fly for ages. This
hurts me very much. Only thing to do is to retire into a retreat. Have, with the assistance
of BROWN (or whoever he is), drawn up the application. It looks right enough. And, as this
is my last chance for some time to come, I and BROWN (or whoever he is) are going to make a
night of it.

Friday.--Boots again! BROWN (or whoever he is) called with two doctors. I said I couldn't be
bothered with them. BROWN (or whoever he is) said I must. So I saw them. They say that the
Act requires that I must understand what I am doing. All right--going into retreat. Word "retreat"
should be pronounced as one syllable. All right, they have made the statutory declaration.

Saturday.--Here I am. Charming place, away from drink, and ought to do well for the next fortnight.
Can't remember how long I promised to stay, but know it was for some considerable time. I have
just seen the Superintendent. He says he is very sorry, but I cannot stay any longer. This,
in spite of it appearing that I have signed an application undertaking to remain for life.
Can't make it out. Rather vague about what I have been doing during the week, but know I wanted
to cure myself from habitual inebriety. Superintendent says he must turn me out under the statute.
Appears that I signed the application for admission when I was not absolutely sober. Can't
be helped. Out I go. Well, there are worse things in the world than whiskey and port. I have
a notion that I am booked for another night in my boots!

       *       *       *       *       *

       *       *       *       *       *

THE RECENTLY-ELECTED R.A.'S.

  The pictures these talented gentlemen show
    Monotonous never appear;
  Waves, woods, and (say) Wenice, MACWHIRTER & Co.
    Depict for us year after year.
