It is not difficult to see why the revolts of peasants in the Middle Ages were marked by horrible excesses,-why diplomatic Catholicism prepared a St.Bartholomew's Eve for Paris, --why Dutch and Scotch Protestants defaced and trampled under food ecclesiastical Art,--why German princes proclaimed a crusade against budding Protestantism and Pan-slavism under Ziska and Procopius in Bohemia,--why the fagots were fired at Constance, Prague, and Smithfield, and Pequod wigwams in New England. All dreadful scenes, by simply taking place, show that they have reason for it. But will they take place again? A Black Douglas did undoubtedly live, and he was the nursery-threat for fractious Scotch children during several generations; the Douglas never caught one of them, but the thread did. So we are plied with stock-phrases, such as "the Reign of Terror" and 'the Horors of San Domingo," and History is abjectly conjured not to repeat herself, as she certainly will do, if she goes on in the old way. Of course she will. But does she propose to furnish a fac-simile of any critical epoch which haunts the imaginations of mankind? That depends upon circumstances. The smae barrel will play a fresh tune by a hair's-breadth shifing of spring. Two epochs may seem to be exactly alike, and the men who only remember may seek to terrify the men who hope by exposing the resemblance. But unless they can show that all the circumstances are identical, they have no right to infect the morning with their twilight fears. History insensibly modifies her plan to secure the maximum of progress with the minimum of catastrophes, and she repels the flippant insinuation that her children win all their fresh advantages at the expense of the old crimes.

The story of Hayto is worth tellin, aapart from its bearing upon questions connected with the emancipation of slaves. It is astriking record of the degradation of fine races and the elevation of inferior ones, and shows with what ease Nature can transfer her good points from her gifted children and unexpectedly endow with them her neglected ones,--thus affording us a hint of something that is more permanent and irreversible than ethnological distinctions, by repeating with our own time her huname way with her old barbarians whose hair was long. From them sprang the races which never could have dominated by cunning and force alone, and which have to lay down their dominion when they have exhausted everything but force and cunning.
