"Not until we can manage to learn a lot more,
Gus and I. Mr. Grier says that the competition of brains nowadays is a lot sharper than it
was in Edison's young days, and even he had to study and work a lot before he really did any
big inventing. Professor Gray says that a technical education is best for anyone who is going
to do things, though it is a long way from making a fellow perfect and must be followed up
by hard practice."

"And we can wait, I guess," put in Gus.

"Until we can manage in some way to scrape together enough cash to buy books and get apparatus
for experiments and go on with our schooling."

"We want more physics and especially electricity," said Gus.

"And other knowledge as well, along with that," Bill amended.

"I reckon you fellers is right," said Mr. Hooper, "but I don't know anything about it. I quit
school when I was eleven, but that ain't sayin' I don't miss it. If I had an eddication now,
like you lads is goin' to git, er like the Perfesser has, I'd give more'n half what I own.
Boys that think they're smart to quit school an' go to work is natchal fools. A feller may
git along an' make money, but he'd make a heap more an' be a heap happier, 'long of everything
else, if he'd got a schoolin'. An' any boy that's got real sand in his gizzard can buckle down
to books an' get a schoolin', even if he don't like it. What I'm a learnin' nowadays makes
me know that a feller can make any old study int'restin' if he jes' sets down an' looks at
it the right way."

"That's what Gus and I think. There are studies we don't like very much, but we can make ourselves
like them for we've got to know a lot about them."

"Grammar, for instance," said Gus.

"Sure. It is tiresome stuff, learning a lot of rules that work only half. But if a fellow is
going to be anybody and wants to stand in with people, he's got to know how to talk correctly
and write, too." Bill's logic was sound.

"Daddy should have had a drilling in grammar," commented Grace, laughing.

"Oh, you!" blurted Skeets. "Mr. Hooper can talk so that people understand him--and when you
do talk," she turned to the old gentleman, "I notice folks are glad to listen, and so is Grace."
