Not until we can  supervise  to  study   many  more, Gus and I. Mr. Grier  declares  that the  struggle  of  heads  nowadays is  many  sharper than it was in Edison's  youthful  days, and even he had to study and work  many  before he  truly  did any  very large  inventing. Professor Gray  declares  that a  practical   training  is best for  every one  who is going to  perform  things, though it is a long way from  establishing  a  person   exact  and  ought  be  chased  up by hard practice."
"And we can hold back, I guess," put in Gus.
"Until we can supervise in some way to scrape concurrently adequate currency to pay for journals and get apparatus for tests and depart on with our schooling." 
 We want more physics and  particularly  electricity," said Gus.

"And other familiarity as well, along with that," Bill amended. 
I  consider  you fellers is right," said Mr. Hooper, "but I don't  understand   any thing  about it. I  stop  school when I was eleven, but that ain't sayin' I don't  overlook  it. If I had an eddication now, like you lads is goin' to git, er like the Perfesser has, I'd give more'n half what I own. Boys that  believe  they're  intelligent  to  stop  school an'  proceed  to work is natchal fools. A feller may git along an' make  cash,  but he'd make a heap more an' be a heap  contented,  'long of everything  additional,  if he'd got a schoolin'. An' any  young man  that's got  genuine  sand in his gizzard can buckle down to  publications  an' get a schoolin', even if he don't like it. What I'm a learnin' nowadays makes me  understand  that a feller can make any  vintage  study int'restin' if he jes'  groups  down an'  examines  at it the right way." 
"That's what Gus and I think. There are  learns  we don't  want  very much, but we can  earn  ourselves  want  them for we've got  towards  know a lot  approximately  them."

"Grammar, for instance," remarked Gus.

"Sure. It is tiresome pack, knowledge a lot of rules that profession alone half. But whether a fellow is going towards be anybody and needs towards stand within with civilians, he's got towards know how towards talk correctly and compose, too." Bill's logic was sound. 
"Daddy  ought  have had a drilling in grammar,"  said  Grace, laughing.

"Oh, you!" blurted Skeets. "Mr. Hooper can discuss so that population construe him--and after you do talk," she turned to the old gentleman, "I identify folks are glad to listen, and so is Grace."
