
THE MAN WHO WENT.

       *       *       *       *       *

OUR BOOKING-OFFICE.

In the Song of the Sword and Other Verses, Mr. HENLEY incidentally asks, "What have I done
for you, England, my England?" Since the question is put so pointedly, my Baronite, who has
been looking through the little volume of verse, is bound to reply that, what Mr. HENLEY has
done for England is to make it as ridiculous as is possible to a man with a limited audience.
Mr. HENLEY has a pretty gift of versification, but it is spoiled by a wearisome proneness to
smartness, and an assumption of personal superiority that occasionally reaches the heights
of the ludicrous. If 'ARRY had been at the University, and had bent what he calls his mind
upon verse-making, some of the truculent rhyme in this book is the sort of stuff he would have
turned out. It seems at first hearing a far cry from 'ARRY to HENLEY. But the dispassionate
reader, turning over these sulphurous leaves, will perceive deeply-rooted similarity in that
narrowness of view, and that undisturbed consciousness that it alone is right, which distinguish
the reflections, and are found in the observations, of 'ARRY when he views society from his
lower standpoint.

Messrs. HUTCHINSON & Co. have published a Book of Wise Sayings, by W. A. CLOUSTON. Not that
W. A. CLOUSTON said them all, or any of them, but he selected them. One fault has the Baron
to find with the selecting collector, and that is that his references are incomplete. He affixes
the name of the author to every wise saying, but as he does not give chapter and verse, it
is impossible for the ordinary unlearned reader to ascertain when and where the wise saying
was uttered. Perhaps this omission is wise on the part of Mr. CLOUSTON. However, here is a
happy example for the time present:--

            "Safe in thy breast close lock up thy intents,
            For he that knows thy purpose best prevents."--Randolph.

Isn't that good? Isn't it "RANDOLPH" to the life? Is anyone quite certain as to the course
our RANDOLPH will take?

There are, too, quotations from "R. CHAMBERLAIN"--not from JOSEPH--with whose works the Baron
is not so conversant as he might be.
