Whatever you've done to reform the real culprit must be the result not of their own worth, but some added ingredient, not the essence of the sentence, as when the hopes remain outside reward or partial remission of the penalty, the practice of industry and the continued good conduct.

And yet - so here one can oppose - to correct a child, punish and reform us. The correct word has the double meaning of the sentence and the amendment. If the plan succeeds so well with the baby, what saves the rod is supposed to make you cry, why should stop completely with the adult? However, it makes a difference. You punish a child, and shortly after receiving the penitent little new in his love, or rather, the pat on penance and reconciliation is so sweet, that child never to blame, perhaps, has so affected their as acutely awakened at this time tears of pain and forgiveness. The heart is softer than ever, and the feeling of shame for having offended remains substantially alive. But if you withdraw your love - if, after the punishment inflicted, which is still physically prevented - If no conciliation was requested and held, there will be no reform in his punishment. Between society and the culprit of adults, this is exactly the case. Here strikes hostile parents, but only after the opening of goodness. The coup, and the bitterness of the blow, they remain without heal. Nothing is done to remove the sting of anger, to keep the heart rebuking bid to avoid the growing insensitivity to shame, and increasing the spirit of revolt. I revealed here in full force, another notable difficulty with which the reform of penal codes must fight.

In making the picture of the situation of helplessness of those facing criminal and punished, and justice often refers to the fact that the reputation of the man is so corrupt that honest people are reluctant to give work - that his return to a life without stain is almost impossible - and that the defense is forced to resort to the same penalty for companies which have already suffered.
