
Whatever is to be effected towards the genuine reformation of the culprit, must be the result,
not of the punishment itself, but of some added ingredient, not of the essence of the punishment;
as when hopes are held out of reward, or part remission of the penalty, on the practice of
industry and a continuance of good behaviour.

And yet--some one may here object--we correct a child, we punish it, and we reform. The very
word correction has the double meaning of penalty and amendment. If the plan succeeds so well
with the infant, that he who spares the rod is supposed to spoil the child, why should it utterly
fail with the adult? But mark the difference. You punish a child, and a short while after you
receive the little penitent back into your love; nay, you caress it into penitence; and the
reconcilement is so sweet, that the infant culprit never, perhaps, has his affections so keenly
awakened as in these tearful moments of sorrow and forgiveness. The heart is softer than ever,
and the sense of shame at having offended is kept sensitively alive. But if you withdrew your
love--if, after punishment inflicted, you still kept an averted countenance--if no reconcilement
were sought and fostered, there would be no reformation in your chastisement. Between society
and the adult culprit, this is exactly the case. Here the hostile parent strikes, but makes
no after overture of kindness. The blow, and the bitterness of the blow, are left unhealed.
Nothing is done to take away the sting of anger, to keep the heart tender to reproof, to prevent
the growing callousness to shame, and the rising rebellion of the spirit. And here reveals
itself, in all its force, another notorious difficulty with which the reformer of penal codes
has to contend.

In drawing the picture of the helpless condition of the convicted and punished criminal, how
often and how justly does he allude to the circumstance, that the reputation of the man is
so damaged that honest people are loath to employ him--that his return to an untainted life
is almost impossible--and that out of self-defence he is compelled to resort again to the same
criminal enterprises for which he has already suffered.
