A simple question to express this doubt, more power and place the item in a stronger light, "women are qualified to teach men?" If not, there is no progress. At the heart of civilized Europe are women, which should be? And his education show how little we know the consequences of neglecting this? "[109] Is it possible to believe that after its formation depends on the happiness of families - welfare of nations? Selfishness, social and political neglect of patriotism, uncontrolled temper and low ambition of one sex, but also clear from the little that has become famous for the education of others. To that education is useless, or at least neutral if it has been in service, and the culture, if not expand the soul, as he informed intelligence.

To what extent the extension of the soul, or disclosure of intelligence that can be expected from existing systems of female education, we have seen the effects - let's go back to causes.

It is not necessary from an injury to the ignorance, is well known that women have the right to education and to be educated. We smile with condescending pity for the blind mode respect our grandmothers, and thank God that we are not like those with a thanksgiving as inappropriate as the Pharisees proud. In the abstract, its education better than ours, was a preparation for future tasks. No matter affects their perception of these tasks completely limited to the physical comfort husbands and children. The vulnerability of the system, as argued, was not on rationality but on the whole - a fundamental principle of law is the basis, it is easy to extend it indefinitely.

Arbitrary fault, but just as unfortunate as it is useless if the search engine failure should not be too error Mender, the exercise of his powers, at best, but a negative profit. Let us therefore make a quiet investigation of the two main branches that education has imperceptibly divided as to young women in our country are concerned, since only women can exercise their true impact since world are free to communicate and selfishness, and therefore can not be a good educational system, it tends to suppress the selfish and get the altruistic principle.
