"A simple question will express this doubt more forcibly, and place
this subject in a stronger light: 'Are women qualified to educate men?' If they are not, no
available progress has been made. In the very heart of civilized Europe, are women what they
ought to be? and does not their education prove how little we know the consequences of neglecting
it?"[109] Is it possible to believe, that upon their training depends the happiness of families--the
well-being of nations? The selfishness, political and social; the forgetfulness of patriotism;
the unregulated tempers and low ambition of the one sex, testify but too clearly how little
has been done by the vaunted education of the other. For education is useless, or at least
neutral, if it do not bear upon duty, as well as upon cultivation, if it do not expand the
soul, while it enlightens the intellect.

How far expansion of soul, or enlightenment of intellect, is to be expected from the present
systems of female education, we have seen in effects,--let us now go back to causes.

It is unnecessary to start from the prejudice of ignorance; it is now universally acknowledged
that women have a right to education, and that they must be educated. We smile with condescending
pity at the blinded state of our respected grandmothers, and thank God that we are not as they,
with a thanksgiving as uncalled for as that of the proud Pharisee. On abstract ground, their
education was better than ours; it was a preparation for their future duties. It does not affect
the question, that their notion of these duties was entirely confined to the physical comfort
of husbands and children. The defect of the scheme, as has been argued, was not in rationality,
but in comprehensiveness,--a fundamentally right principle being the basis, it is easy to extend
the application of it indefinitely.

Indiscriminate blame, however, is as invidious as it is useless; if the fault-finder be not
also the fault-mender, the exercise of his powers is, at best, but a negative benefit. Let
us, therefore, enter into a calm examination of the two principal ramifications, into which
education has insensibly divided itself, as far as the young women of our own country are concerned;
bearing in mind that women can only exercise their true influence, inasmuch as they are free
from worldly-mindedness and egotism, and that, therefore, no system of education can be good
which does not tend to subdue the selfish and bring out the unselfish principle.
