These missiles are not prohibited by the Geneva Convention, but its use against white men is completely unnecessary and reprehensible.

As for the looting, we must not forget that all that the control of the property by the enemy have been so described. But of course, is perfectly legitimate as the use of modern warfare to seize property needed for an army, provided receipts are properly transferred to persons who have been made. The Germans always acted in this way during the Franco-Prussian War, and the historian has described it as "wild" for this reason. Of course, the wanton destruction of property, which seems to have been committed by a family in Natal is absolutely indefensible.

If anyone who reads these considerations, the author of "unpatriotic" can only say that many British soldiers, his queen and country are "unpatriotic" in the same way. I have no brief for the family, and I am sure that here and there one can find a complete villain in their ranks who would shoot at the white flag, loot houses and use of explosive bullets. Furthermore wounded and captured soldiers repeatedly testifies to the great kindness shown to them by the enemy. In short, I always found men more generous and fair to the enemy, and less prone to the black cop who ruthlessly and unfairly newspaper writers and readers. Men who have faced the family has learned to respect his courage and devotion, and I am sure that the officers and British soldiers despise cruelty anent many enemies speak so worthy of his steel, and little however, can sympathize with some parts kitchenet sermon of Dean, at least to support its wish that the "complaint must be raised to the level of a gentleman to fight." [B] Recently, Lord Methuen spoke as an honorable and gentlemanly British soldier, when he declared that he "never wanted to meet a brave general and Cronje had never served in a war in the least vindictive feelings existed between the two belligerent armies this. "

A few more words on a topic related criticism and leave in peace!
