These missiles are not prohibited by the Geneva Convention: however, their employment against whites is entirely unnecessary and impermissible.

As for robbery, we must not forget that all property confiscated from the enemy was so described. But, of course, is perfectly legitimate according to the use of modern war to seize any property necessary for an army provided the proceeds are properly taught the people from whom the goods are obtained. Germans invariably acted in this way during the Franco-Prussian War, and no historian has ever described them as "savages" for this reason. Of course wanton destruction of property, which appears to have been committed by the Boers in Natal is absolutely unfounded.

If any of the above writer thinks reading "unpatriotic", he can only say that many British soldiers serving Queen and country are "unpatriotic" in the same way. I hold no brief for the Boers, and I feel sure that here and there one can find an unmitigated scoundrel among them, who would fire on white flags, loot houses and use of explosive bullets. On the other wounded and captured soldiers have testified repeatedly shown their great pity the enemy. In short, we find more soldiers to the enemy generous and fair, and less willing to bilk the reckless and unfair, than newspaper writers and readers. Men who faced Boers learned to respect the courage and dedication, and I feel sure that British officers and soldiers condemn much of the talk so atrocity anent foemen worthy of their steel, and yet few can sympathize with some portions Dean Kitchin's sermon, they would at any rate desire to support the desire to "fight should be raised at a gentlemen quarrel" [B] Quite recently, Lord Methuen spoke as an honorable and gallant British soldier, when said he "never wanted to meet a generally more courage than Cronje and had never served in a war where less vindictive feelings existed between the two opposing armies than this."

One more word on a subject near and we will leave criticism alone!
