These missiles
are not prohibited by the Geneva Convention: nevertheless their employment against white men
is altogether unnecessary and reprehensible.

As to looting, we must not forget that all commandeering of goods on the part of the enemy
has been so described. But, of course, it is perfectly legitimate according to the usage of
modern warfare to seize any property necessary for an army provided receipts are duly handed
over to the persons from whom the goods are obtained. The Germans invariably acted in this
way during the Franco-Prussian war, and no historian has ever described them as "savages" for
this reason. Of course the wanton destruction of property which appears to have been perpetrated
by the Boers in Natal is absolutely indefensible.

If any one on reading the above thinks the writer "unpatriotic" he can only say that many British
soldiers serving their Queen and country are "unpatriotic" in the same way. I hold no brief
for the Boers, and I feel sure that here and there one may find an unmitigated scoundrel in
their ranks who would fire on white flags, loot houses and use explosive bullets. On the other
hand wounded and captured soldiers have repeatedly testified to the great kindness shown them
by the enemy. In short, I have invariably found soldiers more generous and fair towards the
enemy, and less disposed to blackguard them recklessly and unjustly, than newspaper writers
and readers. Men who have faced the Boers have learnt to respect their courage and devotion,
and I feel sure that British officers and soldiers deprecate much of the atrocity talk anent
foemen so worthy of their steel, and however little they may sympathise with some portions
of Dean Kitchin's sermon, they would at any rate desire to support his wish that the "quarrel
should be raised to the level of a gentlemen's quarrel".[B] Quite recently Lord Methuen spoke
like an honourable and chivalrous British soldier when he declared that he "never wished to
meet a braver general than Cronje and had never served in a war where less vindictive feelings
existed between the two opposing armies than in this."

One more word on a kindred topic and we will leave criticism alone!
