FIELD AND FURROW

Says the Iowa Register: One century bushels of maize will shrink to ninety in the crib, and to an span more than that, counting on the openness of the crib and the honesty of the neighbors. 

The farming reviewer of the New York Times states that no question numerous ranchers who are proposing to underdrain their ranches would save cash by using an professional at the first to lay out the entire scheme and make a good starting, and so bypass any likely error, which might cost 10 dollars for every one paid for accomplished advice. 

The New York Times states that lime appears to be a preventive of rot in potatoes in the cellar. Some potatoes that were rotting and were selected out of a heap of forty or fifty bushels were put into a corner and well cleaned with air-slaked lime. They halted rotting at one time, and the decayed components are now dehydrated up. There is no disagreeable stink about them. 

Cincinnati Gazette: It is commented that when juvenile hogs are fed mostly on maize they halt increasing at an early age and start to augment fat; but that green nourishment makes them thriftier and bigger than dry grain. In detail, it is better to avert all household animals from evolving very fat until they have attained a equitable natural dimensions, especially breeding animals. 

A constituent of the Elmira Farmers' Club lately conveyed the attitude that awful outcomes would habitually be discovered with wheat sown on land into which the green development of any crop had just been turned, whereas it was accepted that buckwheat was the lowest green manure. All green development integrated with the dirt beside the time of seeding will in all situations be discovered prejudicial to wheat. 

It is broadcast that Robert Clarke, of Cincinnati will have prepared, in February, an comprehensive work on sorghum, encompassing the outcomes of the newest trials and know-how of the most thriving growers, as to the best diversity and their heritage, and furthermore the minutia of the newest and best mechanism utilised in the economical construct of sirups and sugars therefrom. The work is by Prof. Peter Collier, whose title is a assurance of the worth of the book. It will be very completely illustrated. 

A Michigan man composes the Michigan Farmer: I have observed tarred twine and willows suggested for binding maize stalks. I believe I can suggest a better alternate than either for those who are utilising a twine binder: save the cords from straw stacks this winter. They are less problem than lawn and not ever slip.
