* * * * *

Field and track.

Iowa Registry says: One hundred bushels of corn will shrink in the crib ninety, and to an extent more than that, depending on openness and honesty cot neighbors.

Agricultural editor of The New York Times says that no doubt many farmers who intend to underdrain their farms could save money by hiring an expert from the first system to determine the Whole and is a good start, and so avoid any error is possible, which could cost ten U.S. dollars for each paid for qualified advice.

The New York Times says that lime seems to be a preventive of potato rot in the cellar. Some potatoes were rotting and were collected from a pile of forty or fifty bushels were put in a corner well dusted with lime and air. Stopped rotting least once, and rotten parts are now dry. There is no unpleasant odor about them.

Cincinnati Gazette: It noted that when the young pigs are fed mainly corn stop growing them from an early age and begin to grow fat, but that makes them green food thriftier and more than dried beans. In fact, it is better to prevent all domestic animals to become obese until they reached a fair size natural, especially livestock.

A member of the Elmira Farmers' Club "recently expressed the opinion that bad results would always be found on land sown with wheat in the green growth of any crop had just been turned, although it was thought that buckwheat was the largest green manure. All Green Growth incorporated with the soil near the time of sowing will be found in all cases affect wheat.

It announced that Robert Clarke, of Cincinnati will be ready in February, an extensive work on sorghum, including the most recent experiments and experience the most successful growers, on the best varieties and their culture, and also details the latest and best machinery used to manufacture these sugars and economic sirups. Work is Prof. Peter Collier, whose name is a guarantee of book value. It will be very fully illustrated.

A man in Michigan Michigan Farmer writes: I noticed tarred twine and willows suitable for binding corn stalks. I think I can propose a replacement is better than for those who are using a wire bonding: save strings of stacks of hay this winter. These are matters less than the grass and not slip.
