The first of these was the Galton
Laboratory of the University of London, directed by Karl Pearson. There are two such at work
in the United States. Blank schedules are sent to all applicants, in which the pedigree of
an individual may be easily set down, with reference particularly to the traits of eugenic
importance. When desired, the office will send duplicate schedules, one of which may be retained
by the applicant for his own files. The schedules filed at the Eugenics Record Office are treated
as confidential, access to them being given only to accredited investigators.

The second institution of this kind is the Genealogical Record Office, founded and directed
by Alexander Graham Bell at 1601 Thirty-fifth Street N. W., Washington D. C. This devotes itself
solely to the collection of data regarding longevity, and sends out schedules to all those
in whose families there have been individuals attaining the age of 80 or over. It welcomes
correspondence on the subject from all who know of cases of long life, and endeavors to put
the particulars on record, especially with reference to the ancestry and habits of the long-lived
individual.

The Eugenics Registry at Battle Creek, Mich., likewise receives pedigrees, which it refers
to Cold Spring Harbor for analysis.

Persons intelligently interested in their ancestry might well consider it a duty to society,
and to their own posterity, to send for one of the Eugenics Record Office schedules, fill it
out and place it on file there, and to do the same with the Genealogical Record Office, if
they are so fortunate as to come of a stock characterized by longevity. The filling out of
these schedules would be likely to lead to a new view of genealogy; and when this point of
view is once gained, the student will find it adds immensely to his interest in his pursuit.

Genealogists are all familiar with the charge of long standing that genealogy is a subject
of no use, a fad of a privileged class. They do not need to be told that such a charge is untrue.
But genealogy can be made a much more useful science than it now is, and it will be at the
same time more interesting to its followers, if it is no longer looked upon as an end in itself,
nor solely as a minister to family pride. We hope to see it regarded as a handmaid of evolution,
just as are the other sciences; we hope to see it linked with the great biological movement
of the present day, for the betterment of mankind.

So much for the science as a whole.
