The Galton Laboratory of the University of London is situated in United States. This Laboratory is directed by Karl Pearson and is the first institution in the United States. In this Laboratory, applicants are received with the blank schedules. In the blank schedules, the pedigree of an individual is set down easily, with reference to the traits of eugenic importance. The office may send the duplicate schedules if desired. Out of these two, one schedule can be retained by the applicant to his own files. These schedules are considerd and treated as confidential. No one can access to them except the owner of the schedule.

There is another institution which work on the same as the Galton Laboratory. The second institution is the Genealogical Record Office which was founded and directed by Alexander Graham Bell at 1601 Thirty-fifth Street N. W., Washington D. C. This institute devotes itself to the collection of data regarding longevity, and sends out schedules to all those in whose families there have been individuals attaining the age of 80 or over. This institution also invites correspondence on the subject from all who knows of the cases of long life. It endeavors to put the particulars on record, especially with reference to the ancestry and habits of the long-lived individual.

The Eugenics Registry at Battle Creek, MIch., receives pedigrees in the same way, which it refers to Cold Spring Harbor for analysis.

People used to take interest on the longevity. They cosider it as a duty to society. To their own posterity, thet send one of the Eugenics Record Office schedules which is fill out and place it on file and to do the same with the Genealogical Record Office. The filling out of these schedules would be likely to lead to a new view of genealogy, and when this point of view is once gained, the student will find it adds immensely to his interest in his pursuit.

Genealogists a fad of a privileged class, are all familiar with the charge of long standing that genealogy is a subject of no use. They do not think that such a charge is untrue. But genealogy can be made a much more useful science than it is now. It will be at the same time more interesting to its followers, if it is no longer looked upon as an end in itself, nor solely as a minister to family pride. For the betterment of mankind, such king of work should be treated as a handmaid of evolution, just as ate the other sciences and it linked with the great biological movement of the present day.
