He was  one time   strolling  up St James's Street, arm-in-arm with a  juvenile  nobleman  who  he condescended to patronize. The Beau  abruptly   inquired  him, "what he called those things on his feet."--"Why, shoes."--"Shoes are they?" said Brummell doubtfully, and stooping to  gaze  at them; "I  considered  they were slippers?"

The late Duke of Bedford inquired him his attitude of a new coat. "Turn round," said Mr Beau. When the written check was resolved in front and back, the Beau, feeling the lapel carefully with his digit and thumb, inquired in a most pathetic kind, "Bedford, manage you call this thing a coat?"

Somebody notified him, amidst a tie up of loungers at White's, "Brummell, your male sibling William is in town. Is he not approaching here?"--"Yes," was the answer, "in a day or two; but I have suggested him to stroll the back roads till his new apparel arrive home."

Practical antics are vitally vulgar, and apt to be dicey besides; two causes which should have stopped their presentation by an one-by-one whose object was to be the benchmark of elegance, and whose object at no time was to reveal himself to the rougher remonstrances of mankind; but the next part of sportiveness was not less than amusing.

Meeting an vintage emigré marquis at the chair of some noble ally, and likely finding the Frenchman a unexciting, he revenged himself by blending some delicately powdered sugar in his hair-powder. On the vintage Frenchman's approaching into the breakfast-room next forenoon, highly powdered as common, the soars, captivated by the scent of the sugar, instantly accumulated around him. He had scarcely started his morning serving of food, when every go by plane in the room was engaged on his head. The regrettable marquis was compelled to lay down his blade and branch, and take out his pocket-handkerchief to repel these troublesome assailants, but they came wider and thicker. The casualty now increased from his chair and altered his position; but all was in vain--the soars pursued in new clusters. In despair he rushed to the window; but every go by plane lingering there was instantly buzzing and tickling. The marquis, feverish with vexation and shock, chucked up the window. This unfortunate assess made only a general attack by all the owner of soars sunning themselves on the lawn. The surprise and amusement of the visitors were excessive. Brummell solely not ever smiled. At last M. le Marquis provided way in agony, and, clapping his hands on his head, and pursued by a cloud of soars, hurried out of the room. The mystery was then revealed, and all was laughter
