He was once walking up St James's Street, arm-in-arm with a young
nobleman whom he condescended to patronize. The Beau suddenly asked him, "what he called those
things on his feet."--"Why, shoes."--"Shoes are they?" said Brummell doubtfully, and stooping
to look at them; "I thought they were slippers?"

The late Duke of Bedford asked him his opinion of a new coat. "Turn round," said Mr Beau. When
the examination was concluded in front and rear, the Beau, feeling the lapel delicately with
his finger and thumb, asked in a most pathetic manner, "Bedford, do you call this thing a coat?"

Somebody told him, among a knot of loungers at White's, "Brummell, your brother William is
in town. Is he not coming here?"--"Yes," was the reply, "in a day or two; but I have recommended
him to walk the back streets till his new clothes come home."

Practical jokes are essentially vulgar, and apt to be hazardous besides; two reasons which
should have prevented their performance by an individual whose object was to be the standard
of elegance, and whose object at no time was to expose himself to the rougher remonstrances
of mankind; but the following piece of sportiveness was at least amusing.

Meeting an old emigré marquis at the seat of some noble friend, and probably finding the Frenchman
a bore, he revenged himself by mixing some finely powdered sugar in his hair-powder. On the
old Frenchman's coming into the breakfast-room next morning, highly powdered as usual, the
flies, attracted by the scent of the sugar, instantly gathered round him. He had scarcely begun
his breakfast, when every fly in the room was busy on his head. The unfortunate marquis was
forced to lay down his knife and fork, and take out his pocket-handkerchief to repel these
troublesome assailants, but they came thicker and thicker. The victim now rose from his seat
and changed his position; but all was in vain--the flies followed in fresh clusters. In despair
he hurried to the window; but every fly lingering there was instantly buzzing and tickling.
The marquis, feverish with vexation and surprise, threw up the window. This unlucky measure
produced only a general invasion by all the host of flies sunning themselves on the lawn. The
astonishment and amusement of the guests were excessive. Brummell alone never smiled. At last
M. le Marquis gave way in agony, and, clapping his hands on his head, and followed by a cloud
of flies, rushed out of the room. The secret was then divulged, and all was laughter.
