He was once walking up St James's Street, arm in arm with a young nobleman who chose to patronize. Beau suddenly asked him "what he called those things ."--" feet as shoes ."--" shoes are they?" said Brummell doubtfully, and stooping to look at them, "I thought they were slippers?"

Duke of Bedford later asked his opinion, a new coat. "Turn round," said Mr. Beau. When the examination was done in front and back, drink, feeling the lapel delicately with his finger and thumb, asked in a most pathetic manner, "Bedford, you sound so filthy?"

Someone said, among a knot of white deck chairs, "he Brummell, your brother William is in town. Is he not coming here ?"--" Yes," was the answer, "a day or two, but I recommended him to walk the streets to back new clothes come home. "

Practical jokes are essentially vulgar, and apt to be dangerous than, for two reasons that would prevent their execution by a person whose object was to be the standard of elegance, whose purpose was no time to hard to explain the remonstrances of mankind, but the following piece was at least funny prank.

Meeting an old Emigré marquis at the seat of noble friend, and probably find the Frenchman a bore, he revenged himself by mixing some finely powdered sugar in powdered hair. The old French wine in-room breakfast the next morning, as usual very dust, flies, attracted by the smell of sugar, gathered around him instantaneously. He just started breakfast when flying in every room was occupied on his head. Unfortunate marquis was forced to lay down his knife and fork, and take the pocket-handkerchief to repel these attackers annoying, but they came thicker and thicker. Victim now rose from his seat and changed his position, but all was in vain - Fly Fresh followed in clusters. In desperation, he rushed to the window, but each flight was instantly buzzing and tickling lingering. The marquis, feverish with vexation and surprise, threw up the window. This unfortunate measure produced only a general invasion by all the host of flies are sunning on the lawn. Amazement and amusement of the guests were excessive. Brummell one ever smiled. At last M. Le Marquis gave way in agony, and, hands on his head, and followed by a cloud of flies, rushed out of the room. The secret was disclosed, and all were laughing.
