Sitting near the window thus saying, I looked outside the open window into the clear sky. It was a splendid silent night with the May moon in all her beauty was smiling above.  The town lay far and wide below with all its numerous lights,-- while at a distance an interfering space seen as a quadrangular area (where highlighted in the middle was a huge grand old church), and,  there seen along with the gardens are the cottages or mansions that covered the sides of the hill.

 “Is it not that house,” after a short breath, “over there with three gables, the one in which-in which the Dr. Lloyd resided—the  Abbot’s House?”

I spoke suddenly, as if to let her know my inner wish to shift the subject of speech.  My hostess paused her knitting, got up and bent to look forward.

"Yes. but what a wonderful night! How is it that the moon is able to merge many things together in harmony unlike the sun, which shows only the contrast?  That states old church tower, though dull with all those thousand years on it, and with the rotten tiles of the roof which had given away and the chimney-pots open in the goodness of yesterday,--now under the moonlight have been put together as one undivided magical spell!"

As my hostess spoke thus, she got up from her chair, taking all her work along, and went past from the window to the balcony.  Very often Mrs. Poyntz went low to accept her thoughts of expression to get back in her variation of strict to the point, practical and ways that suit the present times; but she would do this often,--always  and whenever she did, gave me an impression of an intelligent including much of confidence to not to give way to the thought that sentiments do have a place in this life, while putting it in proper place, along with a mixed approach and making a difference with which some titled class beauty permits the genius, at the same time checks the probable evidence of an enchanting and penniless poet.  For just some time her eyes gazed over the scenario with sheer enthralled joy, then, as they fixed over on the Abbots' House, her face got back again to that sadness which linked with her strong character, her fingers went back to knitting automatically, and she spoke in her clean, hard and strong voice, " Could you guess why I take so much pains to convince Mr. Vigors to find out Mrs. Ashleigh at that indicated place?" 

"You helped us with your clear explanation of thoughts."

"A few thoughts of mine beside the main one; Persons who take the responsibility of administering others, as I do, be it a rule of kingdom or a hamlet, must take voluntary steps as per the government states and stick to it.  The law that abides best with the Hill is Respect for the appropriateness.
