
While thus saying, I turned my eyes towards the open window beside which I sat.  It was a beautiful
soft night, the May moon in all her splendour.  The town stretched, far and wide, below with
all its numberless lights,--below, but somewhat distant; an intervening space was covered,
here, by the broad quadrangle (in the midst of which stood, massive and lonely, the grand old
church), and, there, by the gardens and scattered cottages or mansions that clothed the sides
of the hill.

"Is not that house," I said, after a short pause, "yonder with the three gables, the one in
which--in which poor Dr. Lloyd lived--Abbots' House?"

I spoke abruptly, as if to intimate my desire to change the subject of conversation.  My hostess
stopped her knitting, half rose, looked forth.

"Yes.  But what a lovely night!  How is it that the moon blends into harmony things of which
the sun only marks the contrast?  That stately old church tower, gray with its thousand years,
those vulgar tile-roofs and chimney-pots raw in the freshness of yesterday,--now, under the
moonlight, all melt into one indivisible charm!"

As my hostess thus spoke, she had left her seat, taking her work with her, and passed from
the window into the balcony.  It was not often that Mrs. Poyntz condescended to admit what
is called "sentiment" into the range of her sharp, practical, worldly talk; but she did so
at times,--always, when she did, giving me the notion of an intellect much too comprehensive
not to allow that sentiment has a place in this life, but keeping it in its proper place, by
that mixture of affability and indifference with which some high-born beauty allows the genius,
but checks the presumption, of a charming and penniless poet.  For a few minutes her eyes roved
over the scene in evident enjoyment; then, as they slowly settled upon the three gables of
Abbots' House, her face regained that something of hardness which belonged to its decided character;
her fingers again mechanically resumed her knitting, and she said, in her clear, unsoftened,
metallic chime of voice, "Can you guess why I took so much trouble to oblige Mr. Vigors and
locate Mrs. Ashleigh yonder?"

"You favoured us with a full explanation of your reasons."

"Some of my reasons; not the main one.  People who undertake the task of governing others,
as I do, be their rule a kingdom or a hamlet, must adopt a principle of government and adhere
to it.  The principle that suits best with the Hill is Respect for the Proprieties.
