Bless me! that accounts for the melancholy young gentleman. I thought that they overreach themselves, with their own tricks. Day of reckoning, Mr. Mac Quedy point is that science always leaves paper money out of sight.

MR. MAC QUEDY. I do not see, sir, that failure Catchflat and society has nothing to do with my knowledge.

REV. DR. FOLLIOTT. Has this to do with it, sir, that you would turn the nation into a store than paper money, and take no thought of the day of reckoning. But dinner is approaching. I believe you are so proud of paper promises should dine on the tariff bill.

Harper at the helm Hall hit a march old, and dishes were brought in the pageant.

boar's head decorated with rosemary, a lemon in the mouth, led van. Then came tureens of plum-porridge, and a number of turkeys, and among them a huge sausage, which required two men to carry. Then came the geese and capons, tongues and hams, old glory Christmas pie, a gigantic plum pudding, a pyramid of minced meat pies, and a baron of beef to grow back.

"It is something new under the sun," said the divine, as he sat, "to see a big dinner, no fish."

MR. CHAINMAIL. The fish was for jobs in the twelfth century.

REV. DR. FOLLIOTT. Well, sir, I prefer to put reformed our posts and holidays together. But there is ample allowance.

And the wine flowed in abundance. Dinner passed off merrily: Harper all the old game while the oldest music in its repertoire. Tables were removed himself an allowance for time lost at the lower end of the hall, in company with other domestics old Butler, whose presence at the banquet were indispensable.

Christmas gambols scheme, which took Mr. Chainmail set for the evening was interrupted by a giant without noise.

REV. DR. FOLLIOTT. What we have here? Mummers?

MR. CHAINMAIL. No, I do not know. I expect none.

"Who's there?" he said, approaching the door of the room.

"Who's there?" vociferated divine, with the voice of Stentor.

"Captain Swing" replied a chorus of discordant voices.

REV. DR. FOLLIOTT. Ho, ho! here is a piece of the Middle Ages did not bargain for. Here is Jacquerie. Here is the march of mind, with a witness.

MR. MAC QUEDY. Disparates not see that you made together? Jacquerie and march of mind.

REV. DR. FOLLIOTT.
