Bless me! that accounts for the young gentleman's melancholy.  I thought
they would overreach themselves with their own tricks.  The day of reckoning, Mr. Mac Quedy,
is the point which your paper-money science always leaves out of view.

MR. MAC QUEDY.  I do not see, sir, that the failure of Catchflat and Company has anything to
do with my science.

REV. DR. FOLLIOTT.  It has this to do with it, sir, that you would turn the whole nation into
a great paper-money shop, and take no thought of the day of reckoning.  But the dinner is coming.
I think you, who are so fond of paper promises, should dine on the bill of fare.

The harper at the head of the hall struck up an ancient march, and the dishes were brought
in, in grand procession.

The boar's head, garnished with rosemary, with a citron in its mouth, led the van.  Then came
tureens of plum-porridge; then a series of turkeys, and in the midst of them an enormous sausage,
which it required two men to carry.  Then came geese and capons, tongues and hams, the ancient
glory of the Christmas pie, a gigantic plum pudding, a pyramid of mince pies, and a baron of
beef bringing up the rear.

"It is something new under the sun," said the divine, as he sat down, "to see a great dinner
without fish."

MR. CHAINMAIL.  Fish was for fasts in the twelfth century.

REV. DR. FOLLIOTT.  Well, sir, I prefer our reformed system of putting fasts and feasts together.
Not but here is ample indemnity.

Ale and wine flowed in abundance.  The dinner passed off merrily: the old harper playing all
the while the oldest music in his repertory.  The tables being cleared, he indemnified himself
for lost time at the lower end of the hall, in company with the old butler and the other domestics,
whose attendance on the banquet had been indispensable.

The scheme of Christmas gambols, which Mr. Chainmail had laid for the evening, was interrupted
by a tremendous clamour without.

REV. DR. FOLLIOTT.  What have we here?  Mummers?

MR. CHAINMAIL.  Nay, I know not.  I expect none.

"Who is there?" he added, approaching the door of the hall.

"Who is there?" vociferated the divine, with the voice of Stentor.

"Captain Swing," replied a chorus of discordant voices.

REV. DR. FOLLIOTT.  Ho, ho! here is a piece of the dark ages we did not bargain for.  Here
is the Jacquerie.  Here is the march of mind with a witness.

MR. MAC QUEDY.  Do you not see that you have brought disparates together? the Jacquerie and
the march of mind.

REV. DR. FOLLIOTT.
