"I command this regiment, sir," replied the colonel, who, at the end of March the day was enjoyed in the direction of a detail of where to pitch tents, Head-quarter.

"Goin 'to stay yer - even in this meadow?" man continued, in the latter half Negro dialect in common with Southern whites.

"That's what makes us end, sir. Are you the owner?

"Yaas," drawled the man, pulling his slouch felt more eyes. "This lawn is the best part of my body farm."

"Great country, this" broke the quarter-master. "Why kill a deer could not fly over it without carrying a backpack I do not think camping on the lawn that violates any, do you?".

"Right smart to believe, the man said, with kindling eyes somewhat," the right intelligent, he will. $ 1,500 at least. "

"What! Land What will it cost?"

"Wall, I paid at the rate of $ 15 acres for 118 acres and acres and 12 buildings on it are in this meadow, and the best bit of it, too."

"Then, you make us pay what almost the whole farm will cost to use the meadow one night?"

"Wall, I think how all the rails are gone, and all cut up turf, ----" and

"Well, I think," interrupted Quarter-Master ", which would have to prove your loyalty before talking about claiming compensation from Uncle Sam."

"Oh, I'm in the nary, nary side" and he looked suspicious about half the crowd, now grown somewhat. "I'm too old, besides, my left knee is crippled by bad, lame as he said so to support his claim.

"Where are your children?"

"My two sons and husband are off to the South, but are not" countable for them. "

"Well, sir, you must prove your loyalty before receiving a receipt from me for any amount."

"Prove my loyalty?" he muttered while looking empty. "What swearin" you for that? "

"I swear it all, at all," broke into small Irish Corporal. "Oaths is not a substitute for swinging. Faith it up to this activity.! Is mate and drink it. Take it to whistle or sing Yankee Doodle Enjoy Colombia. Be jabers, is not seems to do so without choking. "

Terence's suggestion met with general approval laughter.
