
"I command this Regiment, sir," replied the Colonel, who, at the end of the day's march, was
busied in directing a detail where to pitch the Head-quarter tents.

"Goin' to stay yer--right in this meadow?" continued the man, in the half negro dialect common
with the whites of the South.

"That is what we purpose doing, sir. Are you the owner?"

"Y-a-a-s," drawled out the man, pulling his slouch felt still further over his eyes. "This
meadow is the best part of my hull farm."

"Great country, this," broke in the Quarter-Master. "Why a kill-deer couldn't fly over it without
carrying a knapsack. You don't think that camping upon this meadow will injure it any, do you?"

"Right smart it will, I reckon," rejoined the man, his eyes kindling somewhat, "right smart,
it will. $1500 at least."

"What! What did the land cost you?"

"Wall, I paid at the rate of $15 the acre for 118 acres, and the buildings and 12 acres on
it are in this meadow, and the best bit of it, too."

"Then you want to make us pay nearly what the whole farm cost you for using the meadow a single
night?"

"Wall, I reckon as how the rails will all be gone, and the sod all cut up, and----"

"Well, I reckon," interrupted the Quarter-Master, "that you ought to prove your loyalty before
you talk about claiming damages from Uncle Sam."

"Oh! I'm on nary side, on nary side;" and he looked half suspiciously about the crowd, now
somewhat increased. "I'm too old; besides, my left knee is crippled up bad," limping as he
said so, to sustain his assertion.

"Where are your children?"

"My two boys and son-in-law are off with the South, but I'm not 'countable for them."

"Well, sir, you'll have to prove your loyalty before you get a receipt from me for any amount."

"Prove my loyalty?" he muttered, at the same time looking blank. "What sort of swearin' have
you for that?"

"Don't swear him at all, at all," broke in the little Irish Corporal. "Swearing is no substitute
for swinging. Faith! he's up to that business. It's mate and drink to him. Make him whistle
Yankee Doodle or sing Hail Columbia. Be jabers, it is not in his looks to do it without choking."

Terence's suggestion met with a general laugh of approval.
