"I command this regiment, sir," replied the Colonel, who, at the end of the march that day, was busied in the management of detail where to pitch tents Head-quarter.

"Goin 'to stay yer - right to plant it?" continued the man, in common with the word Negro half the white South.

"That's what our goal making, sir. Are you the owner?"

"Yaas," drawled the man, stretched his bow felt still further over his eyes. "Plants have been the best part of my hull farm."

"Great country, this," broke in the Quarter-Master. "Why kill a deer can not fly over it without carrying a knapsack. You do not think that camping in this plant is vulnerable to any of it, do you?"

"Right this wise, I hope," rejoined the man, his eyes kindling somewhat, "right smart, it is. $ 1500 at least."

"What! What is the land cost you?"

"Wall, I paid at the rate of $ 15 acre for 118 acres, and buildings and 12 acres of this is that this plant, and the best bit of it, too."

"After that you pay us to do almost what the whole farm cost you plant using a night?"

"Wall, I hope that's how Rails will all be lost, and the lawn all cut up, and ----"

"Well, I hope," interrupted the Quarter-Master, "you must prove your loyalty before you talk about claiming damages from Uncle Sam."

"Oh! I nary side, nary edge," and she looked suspiciously about half the crowd, now somewhat increased. "I'm too old, besides, my left knee is disabled up bad," limp that he said it, to sustain his assertion.

"Where are your children?"

"My two sons and son-in-law is off to South, but I'm not 'countable for them."

"Well, sir, you have to prove your loyalty before you get a receipt from me for any amount."

"Verify my loyalty?" he muttered, looking at the same time blank. "What kind of swearin 'do you have for that?"

"Do not swear at him at all, at all," nothing in the small Irish Corporal. "Oath is not a substitute for swinging. Faith! He's up in business. It was to marry and to drink with him. Make him a whistle Yankee Doodle or singing Hail Columbia. Be jabers, it is not in his appearance to do it without choking. "

Terence's suggestion met with a general laugh of approval.
