Let us draw an illustration from nature. The science
of acoustics tells us that an organ pipe of a certain length gives forth the deepest, or as
musicians would say, the lowest sound that art can produce; that all beyond this given length
is nothingness, and gives out no sound. What shall we say then? that doubling the length of
the tube destroys the vibration of the imprisoned air? Nay, verily, the air still vibrates,
sound is still produced, but the note is below the gamut of the natural ear, which was created
to comprehend only sounds within a certain compass: its capacity goes no farther, and any sound
pitched either above or below that compass we cannot perceive. In proof of this is the simple
fact that a cultivated ear--that is, an ear of enlarged capacity, can readily catch the faintest
harmonics of a guitar, to which others are totally deaf.

Again: I have stood by the Falls of Niagara, and listened in vain for that deep, unearthly
roar of which so much has been written and sung. The rush and the gurgle of the waters was
there, the sweeping surge of the mighty river, but Niagara's hollow roar was absent. Again
and again my ears were stretched to catch the awful sound, till the effort became almost painful,
but in vain. And yet the sound was present, ay! eternally present, but the note was just beyond
the gamut of my ear. Standing thus for some moments, gazing and listening with the most earnest
attention, nature, through her hidden laws, wrought a miracle in my person. The long-continued
strain enlarged the capacity of the ear, even as the muscles of the arm are strengthened by
frequent and energetic action, or as a faculty of the mind itself is developed by exercise.
Lower and lower sank the scale of my aural conceptions, till, as it approached the keynote
of the cataract, a low murmur began to steal in upon me, deeper than the deepest thunder tones,
and seemingly a thousand miles distant. Louder and louder it swelled, nearer and nearer it
approached as the hearing faculty sank downward, till the keynote was reached, and then--the
rush and gurgle of the waters was swept away, and in its place resounded the awful tones of
earth's deepest basso profundo.
