We will draw an illustration from nature. The science of acoustics tells us that an organ pipe of a certain length gives forth the deepest, or would the musicians, the lowest sound that art can produce, and that all beyond this length is given nothing and gives out no sound. What shall we say then? that doubling the length of the tube vibration of the air destroys prisoner? No, indeed, the air still vibrates, the sound is still produced, but the note is below the range of the natural ear, which was created to include only the sounds within a sure compass: the capacity does not go away , and any sharp sound, whether above or below the compass that we can not perceive. In proof of this is simply a cultivated ear - that is, an ear of the expanded capacity, can easily take the lowest harmonics of a guitar, the others are totally deaf.

Again: I have passed through Niagara Falls and listened in vain for the deep, unearthly roar of which much has been written and sung. The rush and murmur of the water was there, the dramatic increase of the mighty river, but the hollow roar of Niagara is absent. Again and again my ears are extended to capture the sound awful, until the effort was almost painful, but in vain. And yet the sound was present, alas! eternally present, but the note was a little beyond the range of ear. Standing thus for some time, watched and listened with attention more serious nature, through their occult laws a miracle on me. The strain extended long-continued ability of the ear, even when the arm muscles are strengthened by frequent and vigorous action, or as a faculty of the mind itself is developed by exercise. More and more are sinking at my own level phonetic concepts, until, as he approached the tone for the fall, a murmur began to caress me, deeper than deep thunder tones, and apparently a thousand miles distant . Louder and louder swelled, more and more is coming as the power to low ratings sank, until it reached the root, and then - the rush and murmur of the water was drawn, and instead echoed horrible tones of the deepest bass land.
