
Wednesday, the 14th of March, was ushered in by a pouring rain; and we received the agreeable
intelligence that the river between this and our next station was perfectly impassable; so
we made up our minds to stay where we were. There was some consolation in the thought that
Joseph, the exceedingly keen horse-dealer at Medea, will not be entitled to charge extra for
the delay to his mules, he having bound himself, by solemn covenant, to deliver the baggage
safely at Teniet for a certain stipulated sum.

After breakfast I walked into the forest which surrounds the caravanserai on all sides, and
shot two or three brace of red-legged partridges and a woodcock. I saw the traces of several
wild boars; they were evidently quite recent; also a wretched porcupine the Arabs had killed.

In the course of the day the Arabs brought in a boar which they had killed in the morning.
They threw the entrails outside the house, and, during the night, quite an army of jackals
came down to devour them. It was so dark that we could not get a shot at these African scavengers,
though I sallied out once or twice after them.

It rained all night, so that going on was out of the question, from the swollen state of the
river; so I walked off before breakfast, with Angelo, to an Arab village, about a mile and
a half distant, to inquire about boars. The promise of some powder brought out the inhabitants;
and, after a little banter and chaffing, they agreed to meet me after breakfast, and to show
me one of those animals. So I returned to the caravanserai to breakfast, and then, with my
friend, rode back to the Arab huts. We left our horses at the village, and proceeded to climb
a horribly steep hill in company with some of the natives, to whom I had promised tobacco-money,
on condition of being brought face to face with a boar. After some tremendously steep climbing,
we came upon a number of recent tracks, one of which B---- followed with his Arab, while I
remained in another gorge. Presently I heard a shot fired, about a mile off; and, on returning
to where the horses were tethered, I found that B---- and his Arab had succeeded in discovering
a boar. The Arab had fired at the brute at twenty paces, but missed his aim. It was now past
five o'clock, so we returned to the caravanserai to dinner. Some Chasseurs d'Afrique had arrived
in the interim. Their captain joined us in our room, and promised us an escort for the morrow.
He was from Boulogne-sur-Mer, and spoke English pretty well.
