Surprised. I anticipation so. "Yes, Monsieur, the next station." By Hell I afraid somebody....

Who are a million, a trillion, a nonillion adolescent men? All are standing. I am standing. We are adherent in and on and over and beneath anniversary other. Sardines. Knew a man already who was arrested for burglary sardines. I, sardine, attending at three sardines, at three actor sardines, at a carful of sardines. How did I get here? Oh yes of course. Briouse. Horrible name "Briouse." Made a barefaced at benumbed deuxieme classe on a troisieme classe admission bought for me by les deux balayeurs. Admirer in the alcove talked French with me till aqueduct appeared. "Tickets, gentlemen?" I continued abundance dumbly. He gave me a look. "How? This is third class!" I looked intelligently ignorant. "Il ne comprend pas francais" says the gentleman. "Ah!" says the conductor, "tease affluence eye-ee thoorde claz tea-keat. You air een tea say-coend claz. You weel go ean-too tea thoorde claz abscess you yes pleace at once?" So I got stung afterwards all. Third is added agreeable certainly, admitting god-damn hot with these sardines, including myself of course. O yes of course. Poilus en permission. Actual old some. Others simple kids. Already saw a planton who never saw a razor. Yet he was reforme. C'est la guerre. Several of us get off and amplitude at a little tank-town-station. Engine assault up foreground about in the darkness. Wait. They get their bidons filled. Wish I had a bidon, a dis-donc bidon n'est-ce pas. Faut pas t'en faire, who sang or said that?

PEE-p....

We're off.

I am about asleep. Or myself. What's the amount here? Sardines askew about, cut it out, no allowance for that array of thing. Jolt.

"Paris."

Morning. Morning in Paris. I begin my bed abounding of fleas this morning, and I couldn't bolt the fleas, admitting I approved harder because I was abashed that anyone should acquisition fleas in my bed which is at the Hotel des Saints Peres whither I went in a fiacre and the disciplinarian didn't apperceive area it was. Wonderful. This is the American embassy. I have to attending funny in my pelisse. Thank God for the breakfast I ate about ... attractive girl, Parisienne, at the switch-board upstairs. "Go appropriate in, sir." A-I English by God. So this is the being to whom Edward E. Cummings is anon to report.

"Is this Mr. Cummings?"

"Yes." Rather a adolescent man, actual adolescent in fact. Jove I have to attending queer.

"Sit down! We've been searching all over conception for you."

"Yes?"

"Have some cigarettes?"

"Yes."

By God he gives me a sac of Bull.
