Surprised. I thought so. "Yes, Monsieur, the next station." By Hell I surprised
somebody....

Who are a million, a trillion, a nonillion young men? All are standing. I am standing. We are
wedged in and on and over and under each other. Sardines. Knew a man once who was arrested
for stealing sardines. I, sardine, look at three sardines, at three million sardines, at a
carful of sardines. How did I get here? Oh yes of course. Briouse. Horrible name "Briouse."
Made a bluff at riding deuxieme classe on a troisieme classe ticket bought for me by les deux
balayeurs. Gentleman in the compartment talked French with me till conductor appeared. "Tickets,
gentlemen?" I extended mine dumbly. He gave me a look. "How? This is third class!" I looked
intelligently ignorant. "Il ne comprend pas francais" says the gentleman. "Ah!" says the conductor,
"tease ease eye-ee thoorde claz tea-keat. You air een tea say-coend claz. You weel go ean-too
tea thoorde claz weal you yes pleace at once?" So I got stung after all. Third is more amusing
certainly, though god-damn hot with these sardines, including myself of course. O yes of course.
Poilus en permission. Very old some. Others mere kids. Once saw a planton who never saw a razor.
Yet he was reforme. C'est la guerre. Several of us get off and stretch at a little tank-town-station.
Engine thumping up front somewhere in the darkness. Wait. They get their bidons filled. Wish
I had a bidon, a dis-donc bidon n'est-ce pas. Faut pas t'en faire, who sang or said that?

PEE-p....

We're off.

I am almost asleep. Or myself. What's the matter here? Sardines writhing about, cut it out,
no room for that sort of thing. Jolt.

"Paris."

Morning. Morning in Paris. I found my bed full of fleas this morning, and I couldn't catch
the fleas, though I tried hard because I was ashamed that anyone should find fleas in my bed
which is at the Hotel des Saints Peres whither I went in a fiacre and the driver didn't know
where it was. Wonderful. This is the American embassy. I must look funny in my pelisse. Thank
God for the breakfast I ate somewhere ... good-looking girl, Parisienne, at the switch-board
upstairs. "Go right in, sir." A-I English by God. So this is the person to whom Edward E. Cummings
is immediately to report.

"Is this Mr. Cummings?"

"Yes." Rather a young man, very young in fact. Jove I must look queer.

"Sit down! We've been looking all over creation for you."

"Yes?"

"Have some cigarettes?"

"Yes."

By God he gives me a sac of Bull.
