surprised, i thought so, "yes, monsieur, that next station". By hell i surprised somebody...

who are a million, a trillion, a non million young men young man?  All are standing. I am standing, we are wedged in and on and over and under each other. Sardines, know a man once who was arrested for stealing sardine. a sardine look at three sardine, at three million sardines, at a careful of sardines. How did i get here?  oh yes of course. Briouse horrible name Briouse made a bluff at riding deuxieme classe on a troisieme classe ticket bought for me by les deux balayerus Gentleman in the compartment talked French with me till conductor appeared "Tickets, gentlemen?"  I extended mine dumbly.  He gave me a look. "How? This is third class!"  I looked intelligently ignorant "ll ne comprend pas fracais" says the gentleman. "Ah!"  says the conductor, "tease ease eye-ee thoorde claz tea-keat.  You air een tea say conened claz.  You weel go ean-too tea thoorde claz weal you yes pleace at once?"  So i got stung after all.  Third is more amusing certainly, though god-damn hot with Very old some.  Others mere kids.  Once saw a planton who never saw a razor.  Yet town-station.  Engine thumping up front somewhere in the darkness.  Wait, they get their bidons filled.  Wish i had a bidon, a dis-donc bidon nest se pass Fault pass ten faire, who sang or said that?

PEE-p...

We're off

I am almost asleep. Or myself. whats the matter here?  Sardlines writhing about cut it out. no room, for that sprt pf thing.  Jolt.

"Paris".

Morning. Morning in Paris.  I found my b ed full of fleas this morning, and i couldnot catch the fleas, though I tried hard because i was ashmed that anyone should find fleas in my bed which  is at the Hotel des Saints Peres whither i went in a fiacre and the driver didn't know where it was.  Wonderful.  This is the American embassy.  I must look funny in my pelisse.  Thank god for the breakfast i ate somewhere...  good-looking girl, Parisienne, at the switch-board upstairs. "Go right in, sir". A-1 English by God.  So this is the person to whom Edward E Cummings is immediately to report.

Is this Mr.Cummings?"

"yes". Rather a young man, very young in fact.  love i must look queer

"Sit down! We've been looking all over creation for you".

"Have some cigarettes?"

"Yes".
By God he gives me a sac of Bull.
