Surprised. I idea so."Yes, Monsieur, the next station. By Hell I surprised somebody....

Who are a million, a trillion, a nonillion young men? All are standing. I am standing. We are wedged within and onto and again and below each other. Sardines. Knew a man once whom was arrested for theft sardines. I, sardine, glance at three sardines, at three million sardines, at a carful of sardines. How did I get here? Oh yeah of course. Briouse. Horrible name "Briouse." Made a bluff at riding deuxieme classe onto a troisieme classe ticket bought for me via les deux balayeurs. Gentleman within the compartment talked French with me till conductor appeared. "Tickets, gentlemen?" I extended mine dumbly. He provided me a look. "How? This is third class!" I glanced intelligently ignorant. "Il ne comprend pas francais" says the gentleman. "Ah!" says the conductor, "tease simplicity eye-ee thoorde claz tea-keat. You air een tea say-coend claz. You weel go ean-too tea thoorde claz weal you yeah pleace at once?" So I got stung as soon as all. Third is many amusing certainly, although god-damn hot with these sardines, incorporating myself of course. O yeah of course. Poilus en permission. Very old some. Others mere kids. Once observed a planton whom never observed a razor. Yet he was reforme. C'est la guerre. Several of ourselves get off and lengthen at a little tank-town-station. Engine thumping up front somewhere within the darkness. Wait. They get their bidons filled. Wish I had a bidon, a dis-donc bidon n'est-ce pas. Faut pas t'en faire, whom sang or remarked that?

PEE-p....

We're off.

I am almost asleep. Or myself. What's the matter here? Sardines writhing approximately, cut it out, none room for that type of thing. Jolt.

"Paris."

Morning. Morning within Paris. I located my bed full of fleas this morning, and I couldn't catch the fleas, although I endeavoured steely because I was ashamed that anyone should encounter fleas within my bed which is at the Hotel des Saints Peres whither I went within a fiacre and the driver didn't know whereas it was. Wonderful. This is the American embassy. I ought glance funny within my pelisse. Thank God for the breakfast I ate somewhere ... good-looking girl, Parisienne, at the switch-board upstairs. "Go right within, sir." A-I English via God. So this is the fellow towards whom Edward E. Cummings is immediately towards report.

"Is this Mr. Cummings?"

"Yes." Rather a young man, very young within fact. Jove I ought glance queer.

"Sit down! We've been glancing everybody again creation for you."

"Yes?"

"Have a number of cigarettes?"

"Yes."

By God he provides me a sac of Bull.
