As your Lordship pleases.

[Rsumes his seat.

Usher (calling). Admiral CUTTERMAN!

Amiral (in alow tone). Here!

[He leaves the Prisoner, first handing him the smelling salst, and enters the Witness Box.

Council for the Prosecution (after the Witness has been sworn). I think you are here on subpoena served by the Treasury.

Witness(with a glance of sadness at the Dock). Had I not be summoned to be present by those in authority, not the entreaties of magicians would have brought me here!

Coun. for the Pros. I take it you are an unwilling Witness?

Witness (with difficulty suppressing acute emotion). A most, a very most unwilling Witness!

Coun.for the Def.(scornfully). Unwilling!

Coun.for the Pros. (in a tone of remostrance). I really must beg my learned friend to refrain from distrubing the proceedings. These constant interruptions are most annoying.

Coun.for the Def.(with force and violence). I cannot sufficiently express my indignation--

Mr.Justice Punch(sharply). Then do not make the attempt.

Coun.for the Def(surlily). As your Lordship pleases.[Subsides.

Coun. for the Pros.But, in spite of being an unwilling Witness, you undoubtedly saw the Prisoner foge your name?

Witness (with his hadkerchief to his eyes). Alas! I did!

[A pause, during which everyone regains equanimity.

Coun.for Def.(on renewal of proceedings). And so you are the Uncle of the Prisoner?

Witness (sadly). Yes, I am

Coun.for Def.Still you are here, and are pushing that poor lad to the prison-door! (Prisoner snivels.) Yes, you are dealing him (one of your own flesh and blood) a never-to-recalled injury!

Witness (plucking up spirity). Only my duty, Sir. I obey only my duty!

Coun.for Def.Your duty! Why, man, how can it be your duty?

Mr. Justice Punch(seriously). Again I must interpose. (To Counsel.) Mr.MSCLANGER, I must once more remind you that your business at present is to ask questions, not to make speeches.

Coun.for Def.But, my Lord, the task is a difficult one.

Mr.Justice Puch.Ifyou find it beyond your powers, no doubt some of your colleagues will come willingly to your assistance.

Coun. for Def. No.my Lord. I do not mean what your   Lordship means. I am quite capable of performing the duties it has been my pleasure and pride to accept.

Mr.Justice Punch(wearily). Pray let us get on?

Coun.for Def.Do you not think it a grossly cruel and revolting thing that a man should give evidence against his near relative.
