* * * * *

* * * * *

Youth Shooting Tips conversation.

Smoking-ROOM.

Smoking rooms subject would seem to be intimately and necessarily connected with the subject of smoke, which has been treated in our last chapter. A good friend of mine, Captain shabrack 55 (Queen's own) Hussars, was good enough for me for him, views the other day. I met gallant officer, who is, as everyone knows, one of the best photos and more secure living in Pall Mall. He just came out of his club - luxury and gorgeous shabby, or, as it is called home, "Father" - where, to use his own graphic language, he was "killing worm with a nip of Scotch. "

"Scotch woodcock early, I think," I said, alluding to the proverb sportively.

"Scotch woodcock is glass," said the captain, which must be confessed, does not include an assessment of delicate humor, among its many merits, "Scotch, Scotch real one noggin of her boy, with soda in a long glass, hood, hood, go down, hissin "over the hot dough. You know the trick, my son, it's no use pretendin "no" - and therefore fierce warrior gave me good dig in the ribs and winked at me with eyes that, if truth be told, was injected into the very threshold The ferocity.

"You talk of woodcock," he continued - I was now walking along Pall Mall together - "they tell me you're writin 'some gas or other about the shoot. Well, if you want advice from me, just leave you smokin 'shots a little room, as you know I mean colleagues who are from the devil reg'lar kill birds when they have not got a gun in their hands. Why, it's like son of a corn-crake, Blinking - where once he gets talking "in a smokin 'room nothing can hold him. He has back leg of a donkey. I know that I provided last time nearly Jolly I met with all the talking - no, no, "continued the captain, imagination, probably because I was going to rally it was implicit link with the animal itself three feet, he said, "No you will not - it would not be funny, and in addition, not enough ass to stay for more than the bottom So that the trembling, but you let him. and the rest of 'em, my beautiful boy, next time you put pen to paper. "At this moment my cheerful friend who had been a fantasy of his cab." Gad! "he said," I can not resist one of those India-rubber tires.
