* * * * *

* * * * *

CONVERSATIONAL HINTS FOR YOUNG SHOOTERS. 

THE SMOKING-ROOM
 
The subject of the Smoking-room would seem to be intimately and necessarily connected with the subject of smoke, which was dealt with in our last Chapter. A very good friend of mine, Captain SHABRACK of the 55th (Queen ELIZABETH'S Own) Hussars, was good enough to favour me with his views the other day. I met the gallant officer, who is, as all the world knows, one of the safest and best shots of the day, in Pall Mall. He had just stepped out of his Club--the luxurious and spledid Tatterdemalion, or, as it is familiarly called, "the Tat"--where, to use his own graphic language. he had been "killing the worm with a nip of Scotch."

"Easy Scotch woodcock, I suppose,"says I, sportively alluding to the proverb. 

"Scotch woodcock be blowed," says the Captain, who it must be confessed, does not include an appreciation of delicate humour amongst his numerous merits, "Scotch, real Scotch, a noggin of it, my boy, with soda in a long glass; glug, glug, down it goes, hissin' over the hot coppers. You know the trick, my son, it's no use pretendin' you don't --and thereupon the high-spirited warrior dug me good-humouredly in the ribs, and winked at me with an eye which,if the truth must be told, was bloodshot to the very verge of ferocity.

"Talkin' of woodcock," he continued--we were now walking along Pall Mall together--"they tell me you're writin' some gas or other about shootin'. Well, if you want a tip from me, just you let into the smokin' room shots a bit, you know the sort I mean, fellows who are reg'lar devils at killin' birds when they haven't got a gun in their hands. Why, there's that littles son of a corn-crake, FLICKERS--when once he gets talkin' in a smokin' room nothing can hold him. He'd talk the hind leg off a donkey. I know he jolly nearly laid me out the last time I met him with all his talk--No, you don't," continued the Captain, imagining perhaps, that I was going to rally him on his implied connection of himself with the three-legged animal he had mentioned, "no you don't--it wouldn't be funny; and besides, I'm not donkey enough to stand much of that ass FLICKERS So just you pitch into him, and the rest of 'em, my bonny boy, next time you put pen to paper. "At this moment my cheerful friend observed a hansom that took his fancy. "Glad!" he said, "I never can resist one of those india-rubber tires.
