* * * * * 

* * * * * 

CONVERSATIONAL HINTS FOR ADOLESCENT SHOOTERS. 

THE SMOKING-ROOM. 

The topic of the Smoking-room would appear to be closely and essentially linked with the topic of smoke, which was dealt with in our previous Section. A extremely fine companion of mine, Captain SHABRACK of the 55th (Queen ELIZABETH'S Own) Hussars, was superior enough to favour me with his views the other day. I meet the brave officer, who is, as the whole world knows, one of the safest and greatest shots of the day, in Pall Mall. He have just stepped out of his Club--the comfortable and marvelous Tatterdemalion, or, as it is casually called, "the Tat"--where, to utilize his own graphic words, he had been "killing the worm with a pinch of Scotch." 

"Early Scotch woodcock, I assume," says I, supportively alluding to the axiom. 

"Scotch woodcock is blowed," says the Chief, who, it should be confessed, does not contain an admiration of delicate wit with his many qualities; "Scotch, genuine Scotch, a noggin of it, my child, with soda in a lengthy glass; glug, glug, down it goes, mocking above the warm coppers. You know the ploy, my son, it's no use pretend you don't"--and thereupon the vivacious fighter dug me good-humouredly in the ribs, and winked at me with an eye which, if the fact should be tell, be bloodshot to the extremely limit of rage. 

"Talking' of woodcock," he continued--we were currently on foot beside Pall Mall together--"they inform me you're writing' several gas or other about gunfire. fine, if you wish for a tip from me, now you let into the smoking area shot a bit; you make out the kind I denote, fellows who are usual devils at killing birds while they haven't get a gun in their hand. Why, there's that small lad of a corn-crake, FLICKERS--when once he gets chatting in a smoking room nothing can seize him. He'd speak the hind leg off a donkey. I make out him happy almost lay me out the last occasion I meet him with all his gossip. No, you don't," continued the Captain, imagining, maybe, that I was leaving to rally him on his implied association of himself with the three-legged creature he had mentioned, "no you don't--it wouldn't be hilarious; and in addition, I'm not donkey enough to position a lot of that ass FLICKERS. So now you pitch into him, and the rest of 'em, my bonny youngster, next occasion you put pen to document." At this instant my happy comrade observed a hansom that takes his imagines. "Gad!" he whispered, "I never can oppose one of those india-rubber tires.
