M. Schmidt, Antwerp.]

SPINACH A LA BRACONNIERE


Cook two pounds of well-washed spinach; drain it, and  overtake  it through a sieve; or,  falling short  a sieve,  cut up  it very  delicately  with  dairy  disperse,   pepper and salt. Do not add milk, but let it  stay   rather  firm. Make a  broad  bechamel  dressing,   adequate  to take up a quarter of a  bash  of grated Gruyere, and, if you  desire,   mix  in the yolk of a raw  for  demonstration   Lay in a circular  bowl  half a  bash  of minced ham,  dispense   around  it the  broad  white  dressing,  and  around  that  afresh  the  warm  spinach. This makes a  attractive   bowl,  and it is not costly. 

Mme. Braconniere.]

A DISH OF HARICOT BEANS 
Put the haricots to soak for six hours in  freezing  water. Boil them in water with one  orange carrot,  one onion,  saline,  two cloves, a good pinch of  dehydrated  herbs. Drain off the liquor from the haricots. Chop up a shallot, and  pan-cooked  it in butter; add your haricots, with pepper and  saline  and tomato puree. Stir well, and  assist  with minced parsley  dispersed  at the top.
[Mme. Goffaux.] 

POTATOES IN THE BELGIAN MANNER 
 
Take some  pieces  of streaky bacon, about five inches long, and heat them in a pan. When the bacon is half-cooked, take it out of the  pot  and in the fat that  continues  behind  pan-cooked  some very finely-sliced onions till they are brown. When the onions are well browned, put them in a large  vessel,  large  sufficient  for all the potatoes you  desire  to  prepare  nourishment,    supplementing  pepper,  saline,  and a coffee-spoonful of  sugary  herbs  dehydrated  and  blended,  which in England  restore  the thyme and bay-leaves  utilised  in Belgium. Add  adequate  water to  prepare  nourishment   the potatoes and your  pieces  of bacon. Cook till tender. 

[E. Wainard.] 

TOMATOES AND SHRIMPS 

lay on a  bowl  some  divide  tomatoes, taking out the  kernels,  and sprinkle them over with  selected  shrimps. Then  dispense  over all a good mayonnaise sauce. For the sauce: Take the yolk of an egg and  blend  it with two soup- spoonfuls of salad oil that you  should   overtake  in very  softly  and very little at a time. Melt a good pinch of  saline  in a teaspoonful of vinegar (tarragon vinegar, if you have it); add pepper and a  little   amount  of made mustard. In  producing  this  dressing  be  certain  to  mix  it  habitually  the  identical  way. It will take about half-an-hour to make it properly. 

[Paquerette.] 

FLEMISH ENDIVE 

Choose twelve endives that are short and neat;  slash  off the  out-of-doors   departs  and pare the bottom;  clean  them in  abounding  of water, and  prepare  nourishment   them in simmering water for three minutes. Then take them from the water and  location  them in a well-buttered frying-pan,  dirt  them with  saline  and  furthermore  with a pinch of sugar.
