M. Schmidt, Antwerp.]

SPINACH A LA BRACONNIERE

Cook two pounds of well-washed spinach; drain it, and pass it through a sieve; or, failing
a sieve, chop it very finely with butter, pepper and salt. Do not add milk, but let it remain
somewhat firm. Make a thick bechamel sauce, sufficient to take up a quarter of a pound of grated
Gruyere, and, if you wish, stir in the yolk of a raw egg. Lay in a circular dish half a pound
of minced ham, pour round it the thick white sauce, and round that again the hot spinach. This
makes a pretty dish, and it is not costly.

[Mme. Braconniere.]

A DISH OF HARICOT BEANS

Put the haricots to soak for six hours in cold water. Boil them in water with one carrot, one
onion, salt, two cloves, a good pinch of dried herbs. Drain off the liquor from the haricots.
Chop up a shallot, and fry it in butter; add your haricots, with pepper and salt and tomato
puree. Stir well, and serve with minced parsley scattered at the top.

[Mme. Goffaux.]

POTATOES IN THE BELGIAN MANNER

Take some slices of streaky bacon, about five inches long, and heat them in a pan. When the
bacon is half-cooked, take it out of the pan and in the fat that remains behind fry some very
finely-sliced onions till they are brown. When the onions are well browned, put them in a large
pot, large enough for all the potatoes you wish to cook, adding pepper, salt, and a coffee-spoonful
of sweet herbs dried and mixed, which in England replace the thyme and bay-leaves used in Belgium.
Add sufficient water to cook the potatoes and your slices of bacon. Cook till tender.

[E. Wainard.]

TOMATOES AND SHRIMPS

Lay on a dish some sliced tomatoes, taking out the seeds, and sprinkle them over with picked
shrimps. Then pour over all a good mayonnaise sauce. For the sauce: Take the yolk of an egg
and mix it with two soup- spoonfuls of salad oil that you must pass in very gently and very
little at a time. Melt a good pinch of salt in a teaspoonful of vinegar (tarragon vinegar,
if you have it); add pepper and a small quantity of made mustard. In making this sauce be sure
to stir it always the same way. It will take about half-an-hour to make it properly.

[Paquerette.]

FLEMISH ENDIVE

Choose twelve endives that are short and neat; cut off the outside leaves and pare the bottom;
wash them in plenty of water, and cook them in simmering water for three minutes. Then take
them from the water and place them in a well-buttered frying-pan, dust them with salt and also
with a pinch of sugar.
