All my rage vanished. I could
smile again. Hence this cheerfulness, which at my age now would be the most atrocious dissimulation,
was the result of my youth and my love. My jealousy once buried, I had the power of observation.
My ailing condition was evident; the horrible doubts that had fermented in me increased it.
At last I found an opening for putting in these words: 'You have had no one with you this morning?'
making a pretext of the uneasiness I had felt in the fear lest she should have disposed of
her time after receiving my first note.--'Ah!' she exclaimed, 'only a man could have such ideas!
As if I could think of anything but your suffering. Till the moment when I received your second
note I could think only of how I could contrive to see you.'--'And you were alone?'--'Alone,'
said she, looking at me with a face of innocence so perfect that it must have been his distrust
of such a look as that which made the Moor kill Desdemona. As she lived alone in the house,
the word was a fearful lie. One single lie destroys the absolute confidence which to some souls
is the very foundation of happiness.

"To explain to you what passed in me at that moment it must be assumed that we have an internal
self of which the exterior I is but the husk; that this self, as brilliant as light, is as
fragile as a shade--well, that beautiful self was in me thenceforth for ever shrouded in crape.
Yes; I felt a cold and fleshless hand cast over me the winding-sheet of experience, dooming
me to the eternal mourning into which the first betrayal plunges the soul. As I cast my eyes
down that she might not observe my dizziness, this proud thought somewhat restored my strength:
'If she is deceiving you, she is unworthy of you!'

"I ascribed my sudden reddening and the tears which started to my eyes to an attack of pain,
and the sweet creature insisted on driving me home with the blinds of the cab drawn. On the
way she was full of a solicitude and tenderness that might have deceived the Moor of Venice
whom I have taken as a standard of comparison. Indeed, if that great child were to hesitate
two seconds longer, every intelligent spectator feels that he would ask Desdemona's forgiveness.
