The negro was said to have an oval skull, a flat forehead, snout-like jaws, swollen
lips, a broad flat nose, short crimped hair, falsely called wool, long arms, meagre thighs,
calfless legs, highly elongated heels, and flat feet. No single tribe, however, possesses all
these deformities. The colour of the skin passes through every gradation, from ebony black,
as in the Joloffers, to the light tint of the mulattoes, as in the Wakilema, and Barth even
describes copper-coloured negroes in Marghi. As to the skull in many tribes, as in the above
mentioned Joloffers, the jaws are not prominent, and the lips are not swollen. In some tribes
the nose is pointed, straight, or hooked; even "Grecian profiles" are spoken of, and travellers
say with surprise that they cannot perceive anything of the so-called negro type among the negroes.

According to Paul Broca, the upper limbs of the negro are comparatively much shorter than the
lower, and therefore less ape-like than in Europeans, and, although in the length of the femur
the negro may approximate to the proportions of the ape, he differs from them by the shortness
of the humerus more than is the case with Europeans. Undoubtedly narrow and more or less high
skulls are prevalent among the negroes. But the only persistent character which can be adduced
as common to all is greater or less darkness of skin, that is to say, yellow, copper-red, olive,
or dark brown, passing into ebony black. The colour is always browner than that of Southern
Europe. The hair is generally short, elliptic in section, often split longitudinally, and much
crimped. That of the negroes of South Africa, especially of the Kaffirs and Betshuans, is matted
into tufts, although not in the same degree as that of the Hottentots. The hair is black, and
in old age white, but there are also negroes with red hair, red eye-brows, and eye-lashes,
and among the Monbuttoo, on the Uelle, Schweinfurth even discovered negroes with ashy fair
hair. Hair on the body and beards exist, though not abundantly; whiskers are rare although
not quite unknown.

The negroes form but a single race, for the predominant as well as the constant characters
recur in Southern as well as in Central Africa, and it was therefore a mistake to separate
the Bantu negroes into a peculiar race. But, according to language, the South Africans can
well be separated, as a great family, from the Soudan negroes.[643]

FOOTNOTES:

[642] Prichard's Physical History of Mankind, vol. i. pp. 247-249.
