My camera catches both of you. Fig.31 shows the way the film would look if it caught only your heads. The white circle represents the tow-head on my side of the hedge and the black circle, young Brown who lives next door. Of course, the camera only catches you each time the shutter opens but it is easy to draw a complete picture of what takes place as time goes on. See Fig. 32.

Now suppose you are an electron in coil cd of Fig. 33 and "Brownie" is one in coil ab. Your motions are induced by his. What's true of you two is true of all the other electrons. I have separated the coils a little in this sketch so that you can think of a hedge between. I don't know how one electron can affect another on the opposite side of this hedge but it can. And I don't know anything really about the hedge, which is generally called "the ether." The hedge isn't air. The effect would be the same if the coils were in a vacuum. The "ether" is just a name for whatever is left in the space about us when we have taken out everything  which we can see or feel--every molecule, every proton and every electron.

Why and how electrons can affect one another when they are widely separated in one of the great mysteries of science. We don't know any more about it thaan about why there are electrons. Let's accept it as a fundamental why there are electrons. Let's accept it as a fundamental fact which we can't as yet explain.

And now we can see how to make an audion produce an alternating current or as we sometimes say "make an auditon oscillator." We shall set up an audion with its A-battery as in Fig.34. Between the grid and the filament we put a coil and a condenser. Notice that they are in parallel, as we say. In the plate-filament circuit we connect the B-battery and a switch, S, and another coil.This coil in the plate circuit, of the audion we place close to the other coil so that the two coils are just like the coils ab and cd which I have been telling you. The moment any current flows in coil ab there will be a current flow in the coil cd. (An induced electron stream.) Of course, as long as the switch in the B-battery is open no current can flow.

The moment the switch S is closed the B-battery makes the plate positive with respect to the filament and there is a sudden surge of electrons round the plate circuit and through the coil from a to b. You know what that does to the coil cd. It induces an electron stream from d towards c. Where do these electrons come from? Why, from the give and the plate 1 of the condenser. Where do they go?
