My camera captures both. Fig. 31 shows how the film would look like if you've only called the head. The white circle represents the trailer, head to my side of fence and the black circle, the young Brown, who lives next door. Naturally, only the camera catches you every time the shutter opens, but it's easy to paint a complete picture of what is happening with time. See figure. 32nd

Well CD is an electron coil in Fig. 33 and "Brownie" is a wound in the AB. Their movements are caused by you. What is true of you two with all the other electrons. I separated a little reels of this sketch, so you can think of a cover of. I do not know how an electron can affect another on the opposite side of that coverage, but if you can. And I really do not know anything about the coverage, which is usually called "ether." Coverage is not the air. That would be the same if the coils in a vacuum. Ether "is simply a name for what remains in the space around us when we took everything we can see or feel - each molecule, each proton and one electron each.

Why and how electrons can interact when they are far apart, is one of the great mysteries of science. We know nothing more of it than why are electrons. Let's accept it as a fundamental fact that we still can not explain.

And now we see how to make a Audion produce an alternating current, or as we sometimes say "do Audion oscillator. Create an Audion with its battery of A as in Fig. Between 34th filament network and put a coil and a capacitor. Note that they are in parallel, as they say. In the plate circuit of filaments that connect the battery and switch B, S, and a second coil. This coil in the plate circuit of the Audion, a place close to the other coil so that the two coils are ab and cd as broadband as I have said. The fact that all power flows in the coil former, there will be a continuous flow in the CD of the coil. (A-induced electron flow.) Of course, if the B-battery switch is open current can not flow.

In the circuit immediately closes S-B of the battery makes the plate positive with respect to the filament and there is a sudden wave of electrons around the circuit board and through the coil from A to B. Do you know what it means to CD queue. It induces a flow of electrons from the day c. Where do the electrons? Why the network and the plate of a capacitor. Where do they go?
