The eyes of the greatest princes turned to him. In these distant parts of its domain, we have been happy influences of his reign happy. " He was the darling and the protection of his people, the great support of renewed interest and the arbiter of Europe. George II. is a prince to win the men's faces and appearance, there was considerable treasure of useful learning, and with it more amiable princess, the glory of her sex queen of beauty, knowledge, wit, discretion, the sweetest temper , the most cheerful, friendly and involved face and transport, with all the virtues and charming in the flower of their youth prefer their religion pure for all the glories of the imperial family, and became the love and admiration of all Protestants.

Cheney said that Mr. Prince "can be fairly characterized as one of our great men," but lamented that sometimes devoted much attention to the minutes and the circumstances of the little things, and gave credit to the stories too surprising. This no doubt, sometimes may have been unnecessary, and would certainly be a defect in the present moment, writing about all topics as universal, but in the case of Mr. Prince took the form of a benefit to posterity, as this love of detail made him generations inherit a more realistic descriptions of everyday life and conversation of his own time and remote. Although he saw a special providence in every act, every word, every wind that blew and every storm that rose, but Mr. Sewall said of him: "that the great truths and doctrines of the Gospel was his chosen themes. He spoke as the oracles of God as one who felt the divine excellence. Some of his speeches, even in England have received impressions. "

The high sensitivity of its nature was particularly important in family relationships. He trained his children in the paths of knowledge, with well-disciplined mind making it a safe and wise teacher, while, like him, were pious youth. His only son graduated with honor from their own school, and had just started his literary career with a gratifying success, when the cause of death consumption at its twenty-fourth year. Two daughters, too, in the early ages of twenty and twenty-two, were taken from the house and in his old age was left an only daughter to these parents. Mr. Prince contemporary talk of his resignation in these afflictions repetidas.The wonderful eyes of the princes Greatest Were Turned to him. In These parts of historical Distant Dominion We Have Felt the Influence of historical happy happy reign. He Was the darling and protection of historical people, the great support of the reformed Interest and the arbiter of Europe. George II. Prince of winning is to countenance and manly aspect, HAD considerable treasure of useful learning, and with him a most amiable Princess, the Reigning glory of her sex for beauty, knowledge, wit, discretion, the sweetest temper, the most cheerful, affable and Engaging countenance and carriage, with charming Every Virtue, in the bloom of her youth preferred her religion to all the chaste glories of the Imperial family, and Became the love and admiration of Every protestant.

Cheney President of Mr. Prince says "I May be justly Characterized as one of Our great men," but deplored've've Sometimes Devoted That so much Attention to minute and trifling Circumstances of Things, and gabe too great credit to Surprising stories. This, No Doubt, May Have Been at times unnecessary, and would be a failing Certainly at the present time, on all Subjects When writing is so universal; But in Mr. Prince's case it took the form of an advantage to posterity, as this love of detail Caused him to hand down to all Generations the most life-like descriptions of daily life and conversation of His own and remote times. Although I saw a special providence in Every act, Every Word, Every That wind blew, and Every storm That rings, yet Mr. Sewall said of him, "that the great Truths and Doctrines of the Gospel Were CHOSEN His Subjects. I spake as the oracles of God, as the Divine One That Felt Excellence. Some of His Discourses Even Have Received impressions in England. "

The great tenderness of historical nature in historical Was Particularly ProMinent family relations. I Trained Children in the historical paths of Knowledge, His well-Disciplined Mind making him a safe and wise teacher, while, like him, They Were Their pious from youth. His only are Graduated with honor from His own college, and just HAD Literary started on a career with flattering success, When Consumption Caused His death, in His twenty-fourth year. Two Daughters, also, at the early ages of twenty and twenty-two, Were Taken From the Household, and in Their old age Was only one daughter left to These parents. Mr. Prince's Contemporaries speak of His wonderful resignation at REPEATED These Afflictions.
