The eyes of the greatest
     princes were turned to him. In these distant parts of his Dominion
     we have felt the happy influences of his happy reign. He was the
     darling and protection of his people, the great support of the
     reformed interest and the arbiter of Europe. George II. is a Prince
     of winning countenance and manly aspect, had considerable treasure
     of useful learning, and with him a most amiable Princess, the
     reigning glory of her sex for beauty, knowledge, wit, discretion,
     the sweetest temper, the most cheerful, affable and engaging
     countenance and carriage, with every charming virtue; in the bloom
     of her youth preferred her chaste religion to all the glories of
     the Imperial family, and became the love and admiration of every
     protestant.

President Cheney says of Mr. Prince "he may be justly characterized as one of our great men;"
but he deplored that he sometimes devoted so much attention to minute and trifling circumstances
of things, and gave too great credit to surprising stories. This, no doubt, may at times have
been unnecessary, and would certainly be a failing at the present time, when writing on all
subjects is so universal; but in Mr. Prince's case it took the form of an advantage to posterity,
as this love of detail caused him to hand down to all generations the most life-like descriptions
of daily life and conversation of his own and remote times. Although he saw a particular providence
in every act, every word, every wind that blew, and every storm that arose, yet Mr. Sewall
said of him, "that the great truths and doctrines of the Gospel were his chosen subjects. He
spake as the oracles of God, as one that felt the Divine Excellence. Some of his discourses
even have received impressions in England."

The great tenderness of his nature was particularly prominent in his family relations. He trained
his children in the paths of knowledge, his well-disciplined mind making him a safe and wise
teacher; while, like him, they were pious from their youth. His only son graduated with honor
from his own college, and had just started on a literary career with flattering success, when
consumption caused his death, in his twenty-fourth year. Two daughters, also, at the early
ages of twenty and twenty-two, were taken from the household, and in their old age one daughter
only was left to these parents. Mr. Prince's contemporaries speak of his wonderful resignation
at these repeated afflictions.
