Excellence is not limited, however, the letter-press, because we are equipped with a series of color maps, which contains the operating results of more recent, and also with a lot of woodcuts admirable, illustrating the theme of exhibition where they can pictorial verbal assistance. Be remembered that no other Encyclopedia published in this country has the advantage of illustrations.

The character of Messrs. William and Robert Chambers, in itself gives a full guarantee that the work is prepared and executed in top shape, but when we superadd to this the fact that they have spared no effort or expense, but has devoted him all the resources of his experience, the company, and skill in order to do the work in all its services, its contribution to crown the cause of knowledge, we are more prepared to believe that he really is everything you say be. The American edition by JB Lippincott & Co, Philadelphia, is published simultaneously with the numbers in Edinburgh and London edition, and a flawless style of printing. The low price brings within reach of almost all readers. In fact, when we consider the size of volumes, number of illustrations and maps, running mechanics, and compensation for the writers, are at a loss to conceive how mobility can be profitable at a rate so cheap.

Rebuilding a country Pärson. Boston: Ticknor & Fields. 12mo.

Tests of this volume consists initially contributed to the "Fraser's Magazine." The "Recreation" record are therefore those of an Englishman, not an American "Pärson," but there is nothing in them that a pastor of a church or denomination who feels inclined to repudiate, punctuation, and in its fineness mental perceptions or the wholesomeness of the moral sense. The author tells us that in writing these articles, it was snatched away in distant scenes and heroic times, but has written the daily work and worry and concern among students, and herein lies the charm of his speeches. He has such a sensible, elastic, whose cheerful nature ideal qualities are not perverted by bad temper and discontent
