Its excellence
is not confined, however, to the letter-press; for we are furnished with a series of colored
maps, embodying the results of the most recent explorations, and also with a profusion of admirable
woodcuts, illustrating the subject wherever pictorial exposition may aid the verbal. It will
be recollected that no other Encyclopaedia published in this country has the advantage of illustrations.

The character of Messrs. William and Robert Chambers of itself gives ample assurance that the
work is prepared and executed in a superior manner; but when we superadd to this the fact that
they have spared no labor or expense, but have devoted to it all the resources of their experience,
enterprise, and skill, in order to make the work, in all its departments, their crowning contribution
to the cause of knowledge, we are the more ready to believe that it actually is all that it
claims to be. The American edition by J.B. Lippincott & Co., of Philadelphia, is published
in numbers simultaneously with the Edinburgh and London edition, and in an unexceptionable
style of typography. Its low price brings it within the reach of almost every reader. Indeed,
when we consider the size of the volumes, the number of illustrations and maps, the mechanical
execution, and the compensation to the writers, we are at a loss to conceive how it can be
profitably furnished at so cheap a rate.

The Recreations of a Country Parson. Boston: Ticknor & Fields. 12mo.

The essays of which this volume is made up were originally contributed to "Fraser's Magazine."
The "Recreations" they record are therefore those of an English, and not an American "Parson";
but there is nothing in them which a parson of any church or denomination would feel inclined
to repudiate, on the score either of their fineness of mental perception or healthiness of
moral sense. The author tells us, that, in writing these essays, he has not been rapt away
into heroic times and distant scenes, but has written of daily work and worry amid daily work
and worry: and herein lies the charm of his discourses. He has one of those sensible, elastic,
cheerful natures whose ideal qualities are not perverted by fretfulness and discontent.
