Words originating from France will shorten the long "i":  doctrine, discipline, medicine, masculine. However, the later-dating word, "genuine," also follows the short-i rule while "anserine" and "leonine" do not.  Two-syllable words usually have the stress on the second syllable, such as "divine" and "supine."

Even though a few critics would scan Cassio's words as "The divine Desdemona," Shakespeare does not use this stress pattern elsewhere.

An example of Shelley's text, illustrates this stress pattern:  "She cannot know how well the supine slaves/Of blind authority read the truth of things."

Other words showing the stress on the first syllable are "bovine," "canine," "equine."  To explain the last word, Shakespeared likely went to the theater in some type of equine capacity.

Since the first vowel sounds of "bovine" and "equine" are long, we should pronounce "canine" with the same emphasis.

Multi-syllable words of more than two syllables stress the antepenultima but have a short vowel:  "libertine" and "adulterine."  An exception is "uterine."  In the presence of heavy consonant stress on the penultima, the "i" is short: hence, "clandestine" and "intestine."  A two-syllable example is "doctrine."  A similar example of shortening the "i" can be found in the words "morphine" and "strychnine" though you sometimes hear them pronounced with a long "i."  ("Morphine" is coined from "Morpheus," and "strychnine" is coined from the Greek name of the plant known in Latin to botanists as "Withania somnifera."

Stemp in -tudin:  words such as "plenitude" and "solitude" display the shortened antepenultima.  Exceptions include "fortitude."

Stems in -tion: such words keep the suffix, which used to be disyllabic, for example, in Shakespeare's Portia:  "Before a friend of this description/Shall lose a hair through Bassanio's fault."

These words are under the "alias" rule, which says that the penultimate vowel is long unless it is an "i":  "nation," "accretion," "solution," "emotion."  The "i" is short in words such as "petition," "munition," and "admonition."  One modern exception is the military use of "ration."
