At the same time, the sanctuary was criticized and paved with black and white marble, the body of the church newly paved and galleries, a pulpit with a sounding board, installation, and the whole church "cleaned, bleached and embellished everywhere in charge of the parish. "That the work was approved in general can be inferred from the observation of Stow" Continue ":" This is now a very beautiful church from the late repair, while another example of public opinion talking about this and some further improvements of the same class said: "Although the Church has often been noticed, however, the beauty of it is justly admired this repair."

In May 1821, the restoration of the choir was proposed and entertained for the first time, a restoration of the dilapidated state of the clerestory clerestory and proved to be necessary. The proposal was not allowed to pass without opposition, by a motion was presented for the complete destruction of the entire building, except the tower, which was a completely new church was to be adapted. Fortunately, the latter device was negative by a large majority of the parishioners, and the restoration work was committed to the then famous Gothic architect Mr. George Gwilt. He made his work more carefully and conscientiously adhering as far as possible to the original, although hampered throughout its progress through conflicting instructions from the management fee, which, like most organizations of this type, it tends to fluctuate between economic reasons and a sense of what was due to the old structure. The Gothic Revival was then in its infancy, and Mr. Gwilt, or his committee should be held responsible for the removal of the old quarter, with its Tudor five light window, built by Bishop Fox, instead that a new three-light window was inserted. During this restoration the Church of Santa Maria Magdalena was demolished in 1822, along with some old houses, which are less regrettable that have encroached too closely on the walls of the choir.

In 1825 the restoration of the ship began to be seriously considered, its state of deterioration that has become more visible in contrast to the chancel restored.


This requires JavaScript HIT! Please enable JavaScript before continuing, or release the HIT.

Beppo.

* * * * *

THE PROOF OF WOMEN.

(The Mirror).

True Love has unreservedly - Lansdowne.

It is not without accomplishment in the mind of a most charming woman, nor one that more ANADE dignity and grace of his person, of constancy. Anyone sea that parte of the beauty that can be possessed of, if she can dora The nuance of Hebe in the cheeks, which competes in the pink damask, and fragrant as the breath - And the funny gait and United Nations elegant Ariel - still, unless it is equipped with one of this characteristic of a virtuous mind and Naive, todos fade it her personal charms, negligence, like the rotting fruit in the fall. Full List of Securities women in their child's gender Essential para happy man, Tanta Belleza But hay and the greatness of Feelings is represented in the record year, Que has been justly prized by the dramatic poets As The Chief of Excellence of her heroines. Nerves of the arm is the warrior in his absence from the beloved object of his attachment Dedicated, When he reflects the confidence in Your Relationship Your That was not misplaced, sin embargo But in the midst of dangers of his profession, sighing for his abode of domestic bliss, where the breath of calumny was never an ENTER, and donde Foxy The seductive and lascivious, If He dared to put the cake, retreated in horror with confusion and shame, Satan Como, When he saw First Time For primitive innocence and harmony between Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden. Flavor is a United Nations of The fatigues of the peasants, and it expands your heart with joy and gratitude to His Return At night your house a mantle of ivy, and finds a woman sharing his assiduously Tasks Home to his family specialist. And calms the mind of the mad DURING lucid intervals of aberration of intellect, and are more likely than a return Nada para Reason. In fact there is all that calamity inherent in man, but that the constancy
