At the same time the sanctuary
was railed and paved with black and white marble, the body of the church newly paved and galleried,
a pulpit with sounding-board erected, and the whole church "cleaned, white-washed, and beautified
throughout, at the charge of the parish." That the work was generally approved may be inferred
from the remark of Stow's "Continuator": "This is now a very magnificent church since the late
reparation"; while another exponent of public opinion, speaking of this and some later improvements
of the same kind says, "Though the church hath been often repaired, yet the beauty for which
it is justly admired consists in this repair."

In May, 1821, the restoration of the choir was proposed and entertained for the first time,
a restoration which the dilapidated state of the clerestory and triforium showed to be necessary.
The proposal was not allowed to pass without opposition, for a counter motion was submitted
for the complete destruction of the whole building except the tower, to which a brand-new church
was to be adapted. Fortunately this latter scheme was negatived by a large majority of the
parishioners, and the work of restoration was committed to the then famous Gothic architect
Mr. George Gwilt. He did his work most carefully and conscientiously, adhering as far as possible
to the original, though hampered throughout his progress by contradictory instructions from
the managing committee, who, like most bodies of that kind, were apt to fluctuate between motives
of economy and a sense of what was due to the ancient fabric. The Gothic revival was then in
an incipient stage, and Mr. Gwilt, or his committee, must be held responsible for the removal
of the old east gable, with its five-light Tudor window, erected by Bishop Fox, in place of
which a new window of three lights was inserted. During this restoration the Church of St.
Mary Magdalene was demolished in 1822, together with some old houses, which are less to be
regretted as having encroached too closely on the walls of the choir.

In 1825 the restoration of the nave began to be seriously considered, its dilapidated state
having been made more conspicuous by contrast with the restored chancel.
