As soon as I had decided that the water was hot enough, put me next to one of the tanks, and then began the operation.

Act 1 .-- flooded with hot water from the hands of a thick Persian. 2 .-- Law Hosted by Persian, Ottoman told a stone in the center of the room, and made to sit down. Law 3 .-- My whole body amassed by the fists of the aforesaid services; joints cracked, stretched ears, mustaches stained, extremities rubbed with a cloth glove hair. Law 4 .-- Wrapped in warm towels, and serve with a pipe. Exit No. 5 .-- Act to dry outside the apartment was dressed and -.

(From Bussorah, the author is towed to the Euphrates as follows.)

As soon as he had left the creek, we found the wind and the tide had turned against us. The Mallahs, or followers, immediately stripped by placing the clothing in the head, and jumped ashore. A rope ran from the mast head round the waist of their respective bodies, and there is established along the banks, sometimes reaching over streams, irrigation channels or unequal projections, sinking to the neck and wading or swimming with their burthen, the depth or shallowness of the water required. In this way all communication is done to the Tigris and Euphrates when the wind blows through these rivers. The follow-up business that can be conceived, is very tiring and dangerous: in fact, an excellent test as does the finish on muscle power and courage of the man who heads of the tribes Mallah Mallah require that each must make three trips to Baghdad as a tracer, before it can be qualified for the marital and family care.

(The plague rages in Baghdad, and he returns to Bussorah. On his way he escapes from a storm on the Euphrates.)

The river, which is not usually rise until June, now rose with an inconceivable rapidity, preceded by a violent storm, and within hours the entire flooded Iraq. Innumerable villages were razed matted huts, men, women and children were rendered homeless at a time, many cattle and sheep were drowned uprooted palm trees and flooded or stranded vessels. Artificial banks of the river, which had governed our rise, now overflowed, and did so with the greatest difficulty that might uncover the bed of the river and escape getting stuck.

(In Bussorah.)

Intelligence arrival of the plague was consternation throughout the city, and had sent thousands of its inhabitants in retreat.
