As soon as I had decided that the water was hot
enough, I was placed by the side of one of the cisterns, and then the operation commenced.

Act 1.--Deluged with hot water from the hands of a stout Persian. Act 2.--Conducted by said
Persian to a stone ottoman in the centre of the room, and caused to sit down. Act 3.--My whole
body kneaded by the fists of the aforesaid; joints cracked, ears pulled, mustachoes dyed, limbs
rubbed with a hair-cloth glove. Act 4.--Enveloped in warm towels, and served with a pipe. Act
5.--Wiped dry; led into the outer apartment dressed and--Exit.

(Starting from Bussorah, the author is towed up the Euphrates as follows.)

As soon as we had got out of the creek, we found both wind and tide had set against us. The
mallahs, or trackers, immediately stripped, placing their clothes on their heads, and sprang
on shore. A rope was passed from the mast-head to a girdle round their respective bodies, and
off they set along the banks; sometimes, on reaching creeks, irrigating channels, or unequal
projections, plunging up to their necks, and wading or swimming with their burthen, as the
depth or shallowness of the water required. In this way all the communication up the Tigris
and Euphrates is carried on when the wind blows down those rivers. The business of tracking
as may be conceived, is extremely fatiguing and dangerous: in fact, so excellent a test does
it furnish of the muscular powers and courage of man, that the heads of the Mallah tribes require
that each Mallah should make three trips to Bagdad, as a tracker, before he can be qualified
for the married state and the care of a family.

(The plague rages at Bagdad, and he returns to Bussorah. On his way he escapes a storm on the
Euphrates.)

The river, which does not ordinarily rise until the month of June, now rose with inconceivable
rapidity, preceded by a violent storm, and in a few hours inundated the whole Irâk. Numberless
villages of matted huts were swept away; men, women, and children, were in a moment rendered
houseless; numerous cattle and sheep were drowned; date trees torn up by the roots, and boats
swamped or stranded. The artificial banks of the river, which had governed our progress upwards,
were now overflowed, and it was with the greatest difficulty we could discover the river's
bed and escape getting aground.

(At Bussorah.)

Intelligence of the approach of the plague had spread consternation throughout the city, and
had sent thousands of its inhabitants into retreat.
