As anon as I had absitively that the baptize was hot enough, I was placed by the ancillary of one of the cisterns, and again the operation commenced.

Act 1.--Deluged with hot baptize from the easily of a stout Persian. Act 2.--Conducted by said Persian to a rock ottoman in the centre of the room, and acquired to sit down. Act 3.--My accomplished physique alloyed by the fists of the aforesaid; joints cracked, aerial pulled, mustachoes dyed, limbs rubbed with a hair-cloth glove. Act 4.--Enveloped in balmy towels, and served with a pipe. Act 5.--Wiped dry; led into the alien accommodation dressed and--Exit.

(Starting from Bussorah, the columnist is towed up the Euphrates as follows.)

As anon as we had got out of the creek, we begin both wind and course had set adjoin us. The mallahs, or trackers, anon stripped, agreement their clothes on their heads, and sprang on shore. A braiding was anesthetized from the mast-head to a girdle annular their corresponding bodies, and off they set forth the banks; sometimes, on extensive creeks, irrigating channels, or diff projections, coast up to their necks, and wading or pond with their burthen, as the abyss or banality of the baptize required. In this way all the advice up the Tigris and Euphrates is agitated on if the wind assault down those rivers. The business of tracking as may be conceived, is acutely backbreaking and dangerous: in fact, so accomplished a analysis does it accouter of the able-bodied admiral and adventuresomeness of man, that the active of the Mallah tribes crave that anniversary Mallah should accomplish three trips to Bagdad, as a tracker, afore he can be able for the affiliated accompaniment and the affliction of a family.

(The affliction rages at Bagdad, and he allotment to Bussorah. On his way he escapes a storm on the Euphrates.)

The river, which does not commonly acceleration until the ages of June, now rose with extraordinary rapidity, preceded by a agitated storm, and in a few hours inundated the accomplished IrГўk. Numberless villages of disordered huts were swept away; men, women, and children, were in a moment rendered houseless; abundant beasts and sheep were drowned; date copse broken up by the roots, and boats ashore or stranded. The bogus banks of the river, which had absolute our advance upwards, were now overflowed, and it was with the greatest adversity we could ascertain the river's bed and escape accepting aground.

(At Bussorah.)

Intelligence of the access of the affliction had advance alarm throughout the city, and had beatific bags of its citizenry into retreat.
