In every part of eight performer ears and six common mouse ears have studied. 
The descriptions of these arrangements are extremely general, as one with capacity of several significant parts of the ear, have presented in their document, the principal conclusions of subsequent is -- 
1. The three half-circular, the ampullae, the utricle, as well as the siebold's organ of the canals are typical in their common shape along with associations to one another as well as in their histological circumstances (2 p. 529). This is paradoxical of the prepared declarations by Rawitz.
2. There is damage of the macula acustica sacculi. (2 p. 534). 
3. There is damage in addition of the papilla basilaris cochleae in the midst of intrusion of the surrounding tissues in unstable levels. 
4. There is reduction in the quantity of characters of the branches with roots of the superior pubic ramus as well as ramus medius of the eighth cranial nerve, and the backbone collections have very loosely bound together. 
5. In the same way, the quantity of backbone in the inferior branch (the acoustic nerve) of the eighth cranial nerve had very much reduced. 
6. There is reasonable decrease within the mass of the cochlear nerve and the vestibular nerve because of the unusually small quantity of nerve groups. 
7. The spiral ganglia are particularly collapse. 
Consequently, there is weakening of the branches, ganglia, as well as roots of the entire eighth nerve, simultaneously through erosion and degeneration of the parts inferior labyrinth. The nerve conclusions are especially relapse (2 p. 534). 
On the top of structural variations of the ear of the performer from that of the common mouse may be reflected on as major or minor according as they are hereditary or gained. In view of the fact that, according to Alexander and Kreidl, the performers' oddities of activities with deafness is honestly as well as uniformly hereditary. It is an evident that positive major structural variations should provide as a foundation for these practical details. On the other hand, it is in the same way comprehensible, in the view of Alexander and Kreidl (2 p. 536), that other structural peculiarities of the performer are the product of the major transforms, and in no method the circumstances for either the dance or the deafness. These writers feel in no doubt that the details of activities are to be accounted for the almost unquestionably due to the pathological transforms which they have discovered in the nerves, ganglia, as well as in particular in the peripheral nerve endings of the ear of the mouse (2 p. 537).
