In all, eight dancer ears and six common mouse ears
were studied.

Very extensive descriptions of these preparations, together with measurements of many important
portions of the ear, are presented in their paper, the chief conclusions of which are the following:--

1. The semicircular canals, the ampullae, the utriculus, and the cristae acusticae of the canals
are normal in their general form and relations to one another as well as in their histological
conditions (2 p. 529). This is contradictory of the statements made by Rawitz.

2. There is destruction of the macula sacculi (2 p. 534).

3. There is destruction also of the papilla basilaris cochleae, with encroachment of the surrounding
tissues in varying degrees.

4. There is diminution in the number of fibers of the branches and roots of the ramus superior
and ramus medius of the eighth nerve, and the fiber bundles are very loosely bound together.

5. Similarly the number of fibers in the inferior branch (the cochlear nerve) of the eighth
nerve is very much reduced.

6. There is moderate reduction in the size of the two vestibular ganglia as a result of the
unusually small number of nerve cells.

7. The ganglion spirale is extremely degenerate.

There is therefore atrophy of the branches, ganglia, and roots of the entire eighth nerve,
together with atrophy and degeneration of the pars inferior labyrinthii. The nerve endings
are especially degenerate (2 p. 534).

The above structural deviations of the ear of the dancer from that of the common mouse may
be considered as primary or secondary according as they are inherited or acquired. Since, according
to Alexander and Kreidl, the dancers' peculiarities of behavior and deafness are directly and
uniformly inherited, it is obvious that certain primary structural deviations must serve as
a basis for these functional facts. But it is equally clear, in the opinion of Alexander and
Kreidl (2 p. 536), that other structural peculiarities of the dancer are the result of the
primary changes, and in no way the conditions for either the dancing or the deafness. These
authors feel confident that the facts of behavior which are to be accounted for are almost
certainly due to the pathological changes which they have discovered in the nerves, ganglia,
and especially in the peripheral nerve endings of the ear of the mouse (2 p. 537).

It is further claimed by Alexander and Kreidl that there are very marked individual differences
among the dancers in the structure of the ear.
