
       *       *       *       *       *

HOARDING MONEY.

There can be no doubt too that "hoarding" coin goes on to a considerable extent, and greatly
augments the scarcity, and consequently the value of the precious metals. Even the old practice
of "making a stocking" is by no means given up in rural districts. We ourselves, but a few
days back, personally witnessed an old crone, the wife of a small, and apparently poor farmer,
in a wild pastoral district, bring no less than three hundred sovereigns in a bag to a neighbouring
attorney, to be placed by him in security: her treasure having accumulated till she was afraid
to keep it longer at home. Such examples are by no means so rare as may be imagined. The failures
of so many country banks in 1825 destroyed the confidence of country people in the bank-notes
of the present banks, and causes their preference of gold. The failure of many attorneys, as
well as of those country banks which received and gave interest on deposits, and (with the
exception of the savings banks, which are very limited in the amount of the deposits they allow)
the total absence, in the rural districts of England, of any safe and accessible depositaries
for the savings of the economical, such as the invaluable Scotch banks, have tended most injuriously
to discourage economy; and where that principle was strongly ingrafted, have converted it into
a practice of hoarding,--have caused that to stagnate in unprofitable masses which, spread
through proper channels, would have stimulated new industry and new accumulations, and added
both to the wealth of the owner, and to the general stock.--Ibid.

       *       *       *       *       *

INVENTION OF PRINTING.

    [Our Correspondent, W.M. of the Regent's Park, should read the
    following announcement, which supersedes the necessity of printing
    his communication. At least, we do not feel ourselves justified in
    doing so, without reference to the undernamed German work.]

It is proposed to erect a monument in Mentz, by public subscription and support of all nations,
to Gutenberg, the great inventor of the art of printing, and to celebrate the immortal discovery
in a grand and becoming style.
