When saturated with water, a clay block should not imbibe more than 20 per 100, of its own burden of water, should imbibe it reluctantly, and part with it without hesitating at common temperatures. It should be evenly destroyed by blast, should be sound, free from crevices, flaws, boulders, portions of any kind, but principally portions of lime, should be of a good shade of color for its sort (whether red, yellow, or white), should have a metallic clang when two clay blocks are smacked together; when broken should be sound right through, should be sturdy and pasty in texture, not granular, and should demand replicated hits to smash it, as an alternative one hard hard bang (such clay blocks will withstand cartage and dealing best). So much for bricks. To make brickwork, even so, another element is required--namely, mortar or cement.

All mortars and, in item, all the cementing elements employed (except bituminous ones) in bricklaying have lime as their foundation, and be reliant upon the setting worth of quicklime, which has to be combined with sand or some appropriate replacement for it, to make mortars. Limes and cements are far too large a subject to be handed out with as part of an evening's teach on another subject, and no suspect they will hereafter configuration the subject of a teach or lectures. To-night I recommend only to recollect you that there are such materials as these, and that they have certain attributes and are obtainable and obtainable for the bricklayer's intents, without endeavouring an examination into the chemistry of cements, or their fabricate, etc. Ordinarily, brickwork may be pulled apart into brickwork in mortar and in cement; but there are more attributes of mortar and numerous types of cement. Mortar made with what are called fat or affluent limes--that is to declare, close to wholesome lime, for instance is got by calcining marble or wholesome chalk--sets leisurely, with annoyance, and is hardly ever tenacious. Burnt plastic loam or clay block lessened to fine particles enhances the setting of such lime, principally if the two elements be calcined together; so will an admixture of cement. Mortar made with what is famous as to some extent hydraulic lime, that is to declare, lime comprising a tiny fraction of plastic loam, for instance the gray boulder lime of Dorking, Merstham, and that locality, collections well, and is tenacious and strong. Mortar made with hydraulic lime, that is to declare, lime with a ample admixture of plastic loam, for instance the lias lime, collections under water or in acquaintance with moist earth. It is best to use this lime ground to fine particles, and not to combine so much sand with it as is employed with boulder lime.
