When saturated with
water, a brick should not absorb more than 20 per cent, of its own weight of water, should
absorb it reluctantly, and part with it freely at ordinary temperatures. It should be uniformly
burnt, should be sound, free from cracks, flaws, stones, lumps of any kind, but especially
lumps of lime, should be of a good color for its sort (whether red, yellow, or white), should
have a metallic clang when two bricks are struck together; when broken should be sound right
through, should be tough and pasty in texture, not granular, and should require repeated blows
to break it, rather than one hard blow (such bricks will withstand cartage and handling best).
So much for bricks. To make brickwork, however, another ingredient is required--namely, mortar
or cement.

All mortars and, in fact, all the cementing materials used (except bituminous ones) in bricklaying
have lime as their base, and depend upon the setting quality of quicklime, which has to be
mixed with sand or some suitable substitute for it, to make mortars. Limes and cements are
far too wide a subject to be dealt with as part of an evening's lecture on another topic, and
no doubt they will hereafter form the subject of a lecture or lectures. To-night I propose
only to remind you that there are such substances as these, and that they possess certain qualities
and are obtainable and available for the bricklayer's purposes, without attempting an investigation
into the chemistry of cements, or their manufacture, etc. Ordinarily, brickwork may be divided
into brickwork in mortar and in cement; but there are many qualities of mortar and several
sorts of cement. Mortar made with what are called fat or rich limes--that is to say, nearly
pure lime, such as is got by calcining marble or pure chalk--sets slowly, with difficulty,
and is rarely tenacious. Burnt clay or brick reduced to powder improves the setting of such
lime, especially if the two materials be calcined together; so will an admixture of cement.
Mortar made with what is known as slightly hydraulic lime, that is to say, lime containing
a small proportion of clay, such as the gray stone lime of Dorking, Merstham, and that neighborhood,
sets well, and is tenacious and strong. Mortar made with hydraulic lime, that is to say, lime
with a considerable admixture of clay, such as the lias lime, sets under water or in contact
with wet earth. It is best to use this lime ground to powder, and not to mix so much sand with
it as is used with stone lime.
