During the past two or three weeks we have received several specimens of very handsome salmon
from Maine, where they have been caught by the smelt fishermen in their nets when they have
been fishing for smelt. I think these catches of salmon go very far to prove that the schools
of fish are not very far off from our shores during the time that they are not found in the
rivers, and that both shad and salmon, when they leave our rivers, do not go either east or
south, but are within 100 miles or so of the rivers where they were spawned. The fish are remarkable
in being in splendid condition and perfect in form and appearance."

Mr. Cheney thinks the salmon taken off Cape Cod belong in either the Merrimac River or the
Penobscot River; and, as in the year in question fish were being caught at the mouth of the
Penobscot at the same time they were being taken at Cape Cod, he thinks it probable that the
fish in the latter region were from the Merrimac.

In the pound-net fishery of the northern coast of New Jersey the recent capture of salmon has
been a subject of much interest to the local fishermen and of considerable importance to fish-culturists
and naturalists.

For a number of years a few salmon have, from time to time, been taken in Sandy Hook Bay, but
within the past two or three years there has been an increase in the number caught. At Belford,
the principal fishing center in the bay, Mr. M. C. Lohsen states that some have been taken
weighing from 12 to 40 pounds, and that in the spring of 1893 more than the usual number were
caught in the pound nets. Mr. Harry White, of the same place, never took salmon in pound nets
prior to 1891; he secured 1 that year and 2 in 1892, but failed to get any in 1893. Other fishermen,
however, obtained one or two fish. The average weight of the salmon taken here is 12 to 15
pounds; the largest caught by Mr. White weighed 17 and one half pounds. Small ones, weighing
half a pound each, are sometimes observed. It is only during the month of May that salmon are
noticed on this shore. One weighing 16 pounds, taken in a pound net at this place in 1891,
sold for $11; the following year two, with a combined weight of 23 pounds, sold for $15.95.

In the vicinity of Long Branch, we are informed of the recent capture of a number of salmon
in the pound nets set directly in the ocean. Mr. Ed. Hennessey, of North Long Branch, reports
that in 1892 two salmon and in 1893 one salmon were taken in his pound; they weighed from 10
to 15 pounds each.
