And it
is certaine, without poisoning, euill and distemperate dyet, and vsage, or other such forcible
cause, the haires dure with the body. That they be called excrements, it is by reason of their
superfluous growth: (for cut them as often as you list, and they will still come to their naturall
length) Not in respect of their substance, and nature. Haires endure long, and are an ornament
and vse also to the body, as trees to the earth. Young Heifers bring not forth the Calues so
faire, neither are they so plentifull to milke, as when they become to be old Kine. No good
Houswife will breed of a young but of an old bird-mother: It is so in all things naturally,
therefore in trees. Their barke receiues seldome or neuer by casualty any wound. And not onely
so, but he is free from remoualls, which are the death of millions of trees, where as the fruit-tree
in comparison is little, and often blowne downe, his sap sweet, easily and soone tainted, his
barke tender, and soone wounded, and himselfe vsed by man, as man vseth himselfe, that is either
vnskilfully or carelessely.

{SN: Age of trees discerned.} It is good for some purposes to regard the age of your fruit
trees, which you may easily know, till they come to accomplish twenty yeeres, by his knots:
Reckon from his root vp an arme and so to hys top-twig, and euery yeeres growth is distinguished
from other by a knot, except lopping or remouing doe hinder.

CHAP. 15.

Of gathering and keeping Fruit.

{SN: Generall Rule.} {SN: Cherries, &c.} Although it be an easie matter, when God shall send
it, to gather and keepe fruit, yet are they certaine things worthy your regard. You must gather
your fruit when it is ripe, and not before, else will it wither and be tough and sowre. All
fruit generally are ripe, when they beginne to fall. For Trees doe as all other bearers doe,
when their yong ones are ripe, they will waine them. The Doue her Pigeons, the Cony her Rabbets,
and women their children. Some fruit tree sometimes getting a taint in the setting with a frost
or euill wind, will cast his fruit vntimely, but not before he leaue giuing them sap, or they
leaue growing. Except from this foresaid rule, Cherries, Damsons and Bullies.
