Here and now
  I register a mighty vow
    Never to see the beastly thing again.

ONE OF THE PUNCH BRIGADE.

[Footnote A: Physical training.]

       *       *       *       *       *

    "The Home Secretary gives notice that summer time will be
    brought into force this year on the morning of Sunday, March
    30, and will continue until the night of Sunday-Monday;
    September 28129."--Scots Paper.

By which time, it is confidently expected, the Peace Conference will be over. Here is one veteran
fighting man writing a brilliant (I don't use the word as a cliché) chronicle and commentary
of the battles of another, battles which cover the same period and were fought broadly for
the same causes. But the French Radical extremist could never see his way to subscribe to the
Socialist creed. His stalwart individualism, in part temperamental, was also as a political
working faith the result of a distrust of logic divorced from the experience and responsibility
of actual administration. Somewhat similarly the English Socialist refused to let logic press
him into the premature Internationalism of so many of his associates, nor did he share their
trust, so ruthlessly betrayed, in German Social Democracy as having either the power or the
serious intention of thwarting German Imperialism. If a man's achievement be rightly gauged
by the difficulties he has overcome, then M. CLEMENCEAU, called unwillingly and unwilling at
the most desperate crisis of the destiny of a distracted and dispirited France hammered by
the enemy's legions and with the pass ready for sale by false friends, may well justify Mr.
HYNDMAN'S verdict on him as the statesman of the Great War. The man who came into the War a
mere Tiger will go out of it an authentic Lion.

       *       *       *       *       *

"Miss BERTA RUCK" is among the few writers from whom I can really enjoy stories about the War.
She has an engaging way with her that can turn even that (at least the more endurable aspects
of it) to favour and prettiness. And in The Land Girl's Love Story (HODDER AND STOUGHTON),
a theme after her own heart, she has given us what is, I think, her best achievement so far.
It is an excellent slight tale of two heroines who took their patriotic turn at the work of
the land army on a Welsh farm, and the adventures, agricultural and (of course) amorous, that
befell them there. It is all the best-humoured affair imaginable, refreshingly full of country
airs and brisked up with a fine flavour of romance.
