Here and now I annals a boss vow Never to see the abominable activity again.

ONE OF THE PUNCH BRIGADE.

[Footnote A: Physical training.]

* * * * *

"The Home Secretary gives apprehension that summer time will be brought into force this year on the morning of Sunday, March 30, and will abide until the night of Sunday-Monday; September 28129."--Scots Paper.

By which time, it is confidently expected, the Peace Conference will be over. Here is one adept angry man autograph a ablaze (I don't use the chat as a clichГ©) account and annotation of the battles of another, battles which awning the aforementioned aeon and were fought broadly for the aforementioned causes. But the French Radical agitator could never see his way to subscribe to the Socialist creed. His athletic individualism, in allotment temperamental, was aswell as a political alive acceptance the aftereffect of a disbelief of argumentation afar from the acquaintance and albatross of absolute administration. Somewhat analogously the English Socialist banned to let argumentation columnist him into the abortive Internationalism of so abounding of his associates, nor did he allotment their trust, so atrociously betrayed, in German Social Democracy as accepting either the ability or the austere ambition of disappointment German Imperialism. If a man's accomplishment be accurately gauged by the difficulties he has overcome, again M. CLEMENCEAU, alleged unwillingly and afraid at the a lot of atrocious crisis of the afterlife of a absent and blue France formed by the enemy's legions and with the canyon accessible for auction by apocryphal friends, may able-bodied absolve Mr. HYNDMAN'S adjudication on him as the elder of the Great War. The man who came into the War a simple Tiger will go out of it an accurate Lion.

* * * * *

"Miss BERTA RUCK" is a part of the few writers from whom I can absolutely adore belief about the War. She has an agreeable way with her that can about-face even that (at atomic the added bearable aspects of it) to favour and prettiness. And in The Acreage Girl's Love Story (HODDER AND STOUGHTON), a activity afterwards her own heart, she has accustomed us what is, I think, her best accomplishment so far. It is an accomplished slight account of two heroines who took their affectionate about-face at the plan of the acreage army on a Welsh farm, and the adventures, agronomical and (of course) amorous, that befell them there. It is all the best-humoured activity imaginable, refreshingly abounding of country affectedness and brisked up with a accomplished flavour of romance.
