Here and now I have to register mighty vow never again see a brutal thing.

ONE OF PUNCH Brigade.

[Footnote: Physical Education.]

* * * * *

"Interior Minister announced that summer time will be put into effect this year in the morning, 30 March and will continue until the night of Sunday-Monday, September 28129th" - Scottish paper.

Until then, it is confidently expected that the peace conference is over. Here is a veteran fighter brilliant writing (I do not use words like cliche) story and another commentary battles, battles relating to the same period and were essentially fighting for the same reasons. But the French radical extremist never see its way to subscribe to the socialist creed. His staunch individualism, in the spirited, he was also working as a political faith as a result of mistrust of logic disconnected from actual practice and accountability reports. A bit like the English refused to let the logic of socialist press it into the early internationalism so many of his colleagues, he or share their confidence, so ruthlessly revealed German social democracy, they have either the power or serious intention to thwart German imperialism. If one is to correctly measure the success of which has problems to be overcome, then M. Clemenceau, and so reluctantly willing to nejzoufalejší crisis and gloomy fate absent France knocking the enemy legions and ready to license the sale of fake friends, may be the reason Mr. HYNDMAN verdict of him as a statesman of the Great War. A man who went to war the sheer Tiger comes to an authentic lion.

* * * * *

"Miss Ruck BERT" is one of the few writers from whom I really enjoy stories about the war. The involvement of so that it can also refer to (at least more bearable aspects of IT) support and beauty. A Love Story Land in girls' (Hodder and Stoughton), subject to his heart when he gave us what it is, I think the best success so far. This is an excellent lightweight tale of two heroines who turn their patriotic work of ground troops to the Welsh holding, and adventure, agricultural, and (of course) love to hit there. It's all a matter of the best comic-to imagine a country full of pleasant and sends brisked fine with Flavour of romance.
