They had even spent half a century late, and partly tangential to the decline, when he dedicated his valued friend, William Roscoe, undertake a work so nicely with your tastes and habits, to secure these treasures from the ravages of time. From the large number of manuscripts, the state where many of them were, and the distance Mr. residents Roscoe, this was necessarily a time. After more than ten years working on it, the task is complete. Each work is beautiful and classic of the envelope, and each has Mr. Roscoe prefix, just hand themselves in to write a brief description of the script bibliographic especially with learning, which falls .-- Library of useful knowledge.

* * * * *

PHERNOLOGY.

Mr. Crook, of Phrenological Society, just published a "Compendium of phrenology, which can not fail to be acceptable for researchers bright after this very imaginative science. This fix is a short-sighted of principles, and materially help them, but for our part, we confess that we know before making public the contents of our skull and not on an entire community of phrenologists, and where our head to complete our review, we will be happy. But joking aside, just before the synopsis we are not too desirable, and using angles of friends who send us witty articles for "producer", we take the following: -

"Wit. Primitivo energy. Perception of disjunction or divergence of ideas, the faculty of analysis. Usage: Separation of complex or general ideas for those who are elementary or more simple, knowledge of the characteristic differences and discrepance. Mal Use: The provision of a joke or ridicule, irony, sarcasm and satire without regard to truth or the right person, place or time. organ, on the other side of causality.

"It's not the definition of genius, but the characteristic of a certain part of the brain, where I intend. Dr. Spurzheim in some of their works, the teacher calls on this body, the sense of the ridiculous" in their loved later "homosexuality" and "Mirthfulness. "But each of them is itself an effect, not a primitive force.
