They had lain
for half a century neglected, and in part verging towards decay, when he engaged his valued
friend, William Roscoe, to undertake the labour so congenial to his taste and habits, of securing
these treasures from the ravages of time. From the great number of the manuscripts, the state
in which many of them were, and the distance of Mr. Roscoe's residence, this was necessarily
a work of time. After above ten years employed on it, the task is now finished. Each work is
beautifully and classically bound; and to each Mr. Roscoe has prefixed, in his own fair hand
writing, a short account of the particular manuscript, with the bibliographical learning appertaining
to it.--Library of Useful Knowledge.

       *       *       *       *       *

PHRENOLOGY.

Mr. Crook, of the Phrenological Society, has just published a "Compendium of Phrenology," which
cannot fail to be acceptable to the ingenious inquirers after that very ingenious science.
It is a lucid little arrangement of principles, and will materially assist them; but, for our
part, we confess we would sooner take the public opinion of the contents of our cranium than
that of a whole society of phrenologists; and if our head be as full as our sheet, we shall
be content. But, joking apart, the little synopsis before us cannot be too highly recommended;
and by way of hint to some friends who send us witty articles for "the Gatherer," we take the
following:--

"Wit. Primitive Power. Perception of the disjunction or incongruity of ideas; the analytical
faculty. Uses: Separation of compound or general ideas into those that are elementary or more
simple; knowledge of characteristic differences and discrepance. Abuses: A disposition to jest
or ridicule; irony, sarcasm, and satire, without respect to truth, or the circumstances of
person, place, or time. Organ, on the other side of Causality.

"It is not the definition of Wit, but the function of a particular portion of the brain at
which I aim. Dr. Spurzheim, in some of his works, calls the faculty connected with this organ,
'the feeling of the ludicrous;' in his later ones, 'Gayness,' and 'Mirthfulness.' But each
of these is properly an effect, not a primitive power.
