The note that followed the next day came from a well-bred princess. Her intention was to invite the Official to Afternoon Tea.

Diary
Weekly notification to the Service of The Departmental Committee on the Approach of handling Drunkards
Monday- I am beggining to be overwhelmed by my desire for my customary Diet. My morning meal was left lacking by the presence of a cork in my most important staple. The price was a preposterous 96s a dozen, from a great year of 1884! However this exchange couldn't be resisted and I was able to survive until lunch. But then came yet another thorn in my side. My order was small due to my lack of appetite. But I was hoping for tonic- not a straight drink. I was able to swallow a roll, The devilling of which gave me an excitement for the next morning's champagne. But the appearance of the news bottles showed they were much better specimens than this mornings foul draught. I was too excited to sleep.

Tuesday- When I fall asleep in my clothes a drink is almost always my best remedy. I was accompanied to my morning meal by a friend who shared some champagne with me. We both decided it was quick delicious. I believe it was Brown or possibly Jones, wait wait it was Robinson. Well whatever his name be he is quite a decent man. He has a great sense of humor and is quite easy to talk to. We laugh far to much. I feel as though we share a fraternal connection. We got into quite an argument over the proper pronunciation of the word Constitution. He was on the side of it being two syllables where as I held the belief that it should be one. I still hold to my convictions though. After dinner we continued our talk sharing a bit of port. The fact that I managed to make it back was astonishing.
Wednesday- I was again fully dressed this morning as I rolled out of bed. I am overcome by an astounding feeling of ennui. I seemed to have been crying all morning, had it not been for the booze I am sure it would have lasted all day. It seems I must continue my compulsion.
