
  But the sequel to all was a square little note
  Next day from a blue-blooded Duchess who wrote
  To the Judge, and this Dame of the highest degree
  Had invited his Lordship to come to--HIGH-TEA!

       *       *       *       *       *

DIARY OF A "H. D."

(At the Service of the Departmental Committee on the Treatment of Inebriates.)

Monday.--I am afraid that I can no longer resist the temptation to return to my customary diet.
This morning my breakfast was spoiled by finding that the pièce de résistance was corked. And
this when I pay 96s. a dozen, and the vintage is 1884! However, it could not be helped, and
I managed to exist until lunch. Then came another disappointment. I had purposely ordered a
light repast, as I had not much appetite. But I did intend to take it with soda-water--not
neat. At dinner I managed to get through a biscuit, and as it was "devilled," it gave me renewed
relish for the morning's champagne. This time the bottles were in excellent condition, and
I quite forgot that earlier in the day one of them had been corked. All in the half-dozen were
in perfect condition--especially the last magnum. I do not know how I got to bed.

Tuesday.--When I find that I have not removed my boots overnight, I know that I require a pick-me-up.
A friend joined me at breakfast, and we both thought the champagne excellent. My friend BROWN,
or perhaps it was JONES, and now I come to think of it, it may have been ROBINSON. And yet,
when I consider the matter, there may have been three of them. I tried to count them, and it
took me half the morning. Well, BROWN, or whoever he was, is a very good fellow. Most amusing,
and an excellent audience. He laughs at everything. Whether you mean it to be funny or not,
he laughs. I like him as a brother. A thoroughly good fellow. We had a most interesting discussion
about the right pronunciation of Constitution. He said it was in two syllables. I said it was
in one. I think I was right. We had a long chat about it after dinner. First we talked about
it over the port, and then under the table. I don't know how I managed to get home, but I have
a firm belief that it was all right--quite all right.

Wednesday.--Found my boots again on my feet when recovering consciousness. So this is the second
time I must have slept in them. I feel excessively melancholy. I have wept very much, and were
it not for the supporting-powers of whiskey, I am sure I should he much worse. However, there
is only one thing to be done--to keep at it.
