A willingness to learn better ways of doing things and abandon the ideas and ideals passed for new.

2. A faith that will stand up in failure.

3. A vision that sees beyond the horizon of decline.

4. Courage to keep searching and trying, even in the face of difficulties that seem insurmountable.

All human accomplishment is subject to these qualities, and their development is a precondition for successful experiment.

VIII. ECONOMIC ISSUE

1. Why Organize?

In many parts of the human race echoing voices demanding to work for the general benefit. World, torn and distracted by the struggle for subsistence, longs for a way of life that will help relieve the strain and heartache that are involved in the conflict today. It seems that the world-needs can be met by a global economic organization built along the lines of productive activity controlled by those who produce, and strong enough to utter the last word regarding the distribution of resources and raw materials , transport, credit, and several general stages of production and consumption.

There can be little difference of opinion on the need for such an organization. A question may well be increased, however, regarding the likely development of so vast a machine world. What are its ultimate goals? Why, ultimately, people do not seek to improve economic and political structure of human society? Why organize at all?

There is no clear answer to these questions: Men desire changes and improvements in their economic life, so that they can achieve more freedom, and they organize in order to make these changes and improvements easier.

Man is subject to more stringent limitations. First, there are physical limitations of his body - his height, reach them, flexibility, endurance, its energy fund. Then, it is limited by nature - climate, altitude, soil fertility, mineral deposits, water movement. Man is still usually limited, custom, tradition, and the opinions of friends and neighbors. Again, it is limited by ignorance, fear, of cowardice, of prejudice, and his lack of understanding about the true nature of freedom. In addition to these restrictions it is limited by economic bonds that hold him to his job, which tempt him to win that drives it every day to look for food, clothing, shelter: for comfort and luxury.
