1.  As a real matter, if you want to learn on doing any kind of common things in a better way, then you will have to give up all your old traditional ides and ideal things for leaning new modern things.
2. As a matter of fact failure is nothing but it is a step to success. So be careful that every success will be covered by failure. 
3. if you are ready to see keenly and very attentively anything, then you can easily throw your powerful vision beyond a lowering horizon. 
4. if you are courageously ready to keep looking and trying for anything, you can face liberally and gallantly any kind of extreme difficulties enthusiastically.  
You have to sincerely mind that all human achievement is packed with above mentioned qualities. So this very clear that, every one’s success and development becoming possible only by their pre-requisite to successful experiment. 
VIII. Economic Liberation 
1. Why Organize? 
In this world, from its all four sides, echo is compelling the mankind to be well co operated for any kind of general fruitful advantages. Even though this current world is fully contaminated with unending struggles and quarrel some situations, in its another side, it is always longing le lead a life without strain and it is aiming to be relieved from all such grievances and from the present day conflict. You can guess that this world will be growing well by its extreme lines of productive activity. It will be meeting out all its requirements adequately form world economic organization.  Also it will be shining naturally with more powerful resources such as natural resources, raw materials, transport facilities, credit, and its general huge phase of production and consumption.  
But in fact there are some unavoidable little differences existing about the necessary elements of such organizations.  Perhaps, you can raise a question well about the probability of developments of a vast world machine.  You may desire to know the result of such ultimate purposes.  You can doubt very much about the human being’s greatest efforts regarding the improvement of the economic and political structure of human society.  Even you can search the reason for such organizations also. 
But if you think carefully and cautiously, you can easily have a cleat cut answer for all of your above mentioned doubts. Commonly man king will be always longing for continuous changes and improvements in their existing economic life.  The reason for such desire is they will be also longing for attaining great freedom and they will always try to organize them for the purpose of making these changes and improvements more easily. 
Usually man in his original nature is completely subject to many extreme limitations. First he will aim for his physical limitations such as his own body’s height, destination, flexibility, resistance, its fund of energy etc. then he will try to have limitations on nature such as by the climate, the altitude, the fertility of the soil, the deposits of minerals, the movement of water etc. thirdly he would like to be limited with some other social matters such as habit, custom, tradition and opinions of his friends and neighbors that is society.  Moreover, he will try to be limited by some other things like prejudice, ignorance, fear, cowardice and also by his own lack of perfect understanding for the true nature of freedom.  Bye the bye, apart from all above restrictions, finally he will come to be bonded with his social economic bonds which will be included with his employment for their day to day bread, clothing, and shelter for comfort and luxury.
