The French in pursuit of their
enemies penetrated into Friedland. The city was in flames; the fugitives fled towards the bridges;
a very small number had succeeded in reaching them when this only means of safety was snatched
from them; the bridges were cut and set on fire when Marshal Ney took possession of the burning
remains of Friedland. At the same moment the corps of General Gortschakoff, pressed by Marshals
Lannes and Mortier, fighting valiantly in a position without egress, sought in vain to reconquer
the city, and afterwards redescended the length of the river in the hope of finding fordable
passages. Many soldiers were drowned, others succeeded in regaining the right shore. Almost
the entire column of General Lambert succeeded in escaping. Night at length followed the long
twilight; it was ten o'clock in the evening when the combat ceased. The victory was complete;
the remains of the Russian army retired upon the Pregel without Napoleon being able again to
encounter them. They soon afterwards gained the Niemen. Meanwhile Marshal Soult had occupied
Koenigsberg, evacuated by Generals Lestocq and Kaminsky. The King of Prussia possessed nothing
more than the little town of Memel.

The Emperor Alexander had rejoined his troops, vanquished and decimated in spite of their courage;
the King Frederick William placed himself close to his ally, at Tilsit. Peace had become necessary
for the Russians; for the Prussians it had long been so. Napoleon resolved on negotiating for
himself. In response to the request for an armistice, he proposed an interview, with the Emperor
Alexander. It was in the middle of the Niemen, upon a raft constructed for this purpose, that
the two emperors met.

Alexander was young, amiable, winning, drawn along at times by chivalrous or mystical sentiments
and enthusiasms, at other times under the dominion of Oriental tastes and passions. No one
could be more capable of being influenced by the charm of a superior genius and an extraordinary
destiny, and the personal ascendancy of a man who knew at once how to please and how to vex.

Napoleon wished to captivate his vanquished enemy, whom he desired to make his ally; he succeeded
in doing so with ease.
