The French in search of his enemies entered Friedland. The city was in flames, the fugitives fled to the bridges, a very small number had been successful in reaching them when the only means of security was taken from them, the bridges cut was set on fire and when Marshal Ney seized burning remains of Friedland. At the same time the general's body Gortschakoff, pressured by Marshals Lannes and Mortier, fighting valiantly in an end position, sought in vain to recapture the city, and then redescended the length of the river with the hope of finding passages fordable. Many soldiers were drowned, others were able to recover the right bank. Almost the entire column of General Lambert escaped. Night at length followed the long twilight, it was ten o'clock at night, when the fighting ceased. The victory was complete and the remains of the Russian army withdrew at the Pregel without Napoleon being able to find them again. Soon after, he won the Niemen. Meanwhile, the Marshal Soult had occupied Koenigsberg, evacuated by the generals and Lestocq Kaminsky. King of Prussia possessed nothing more than the small town of Memel.

The Emperor Alexander had rejoined his troops, defeated and decimated despite their value, King Frederick William became close ally in Tilsit. Peace had become necessary to the Russians, the Prussians who had long been so. Napoleon resolved in the negotiation itself. In response to the request for an armistice, proposed an interview with the Emperor Alexander. It was in the middle of the Niemen, on a raft built for this purpose, the two emperors met.

Alexander was young, friendly, winning, drawn along, sometimes chivalrous, or mystical feelings and enthusiasm, at other times under the control of oriental tastes and passions. No one may be more likely to be influenced by the charm of a superior genius and an extraordinary destination, and personal influence of a man who immediately knew how to please and how to get angry.

Napoleon wanted to capture his enemy defeated, he wanted to do his ally, he managed it with ease.
