646.]

[Footnote 2: That both Charles and Clarendon knew of the design, and interested themselves
in its execution, is plain from several letters.--Clar. Pap. iii. 311, 312, 315, 324, 327,
331, 335. Nor can there be a doubt that Clarendon approved of such murders. It is, indeed,
true that, speaking of the murder of Ascham, when he was at Madrid, he says that he and his
colleague, Lord Cottington, abhorred it.--Clar. Hist. iii. 351. Yet, from his private correspondence,
it appears that he wrote papers in defence of the murderers (Clar. Pap. iii. 21, 23), recommended
them as "brave fellows, and honest gentlemen" (ibid. 235, 236), and observed to Secretary Nicholas,
that it was a sad and grievous thing that the princess royal had not supplied Middleton with
money, "but a worse and baser thing that any man should appear in any part beyond sea under
the character of an agent from the rebels, and not have his throat cut."--Ibid. 144, 1652,
Feb. 20.]

[Sidenote a: A.D. 1657. Dec. 9.]

formerly a quarter-master in the army in Scotland, and dismissed on account of his political
principles. Having admitted a man of the name of Cecil as his associate, he procured seven
guns which would carry a number of balls, hired lodgings in places near which the protector
was likely to pass, bribed Took, one of the life-guardsmen, to give information of his motions,
and bought the fleetest horses for the purpose of escape. Yet all his designs were frustrated,
either by the multitude of the spectators, or the vigilance of the guards, or by some unforeseen
and unlucky accident. At the persuasion of Wildman he changed his plan;[a] and on the 9th of
January, about six in the evening, entered Whitehall with his two accomplices; he unlocked
the door of the chapel, deposited in a pew a basket filled with inflammable materials, and
lighted a match, which, it was calculated, would burn six hours. His intention, was that the
fire should break out about midnight; but Took had already revealed the secret to Cromwell,
and all three were apprehended as they closed the door of the chapel. Took saved his life by
the discovery, Cecil by the confession of all that he knew. But Syndercombe had wisely concealed
from them the names of his associates and the particulars of the plan. They knew not that certain
persons within the palace had undertaken to murder the protector during the confusion likely
to be caused by the conflagration, and that such measures had been taken as to render his escape
almost impossible.
