Ulric, his abettor and factotum, came to his assistance.

"Help me up these stairs," said the landlord. "I am blinded--bewitched! I cannot accretion the steps, and yet they were abounding enough!"

"Herr Emmerich," said the old and somewhat bearish domestic, "you are a little absent from travelling."

"An hypothesis," abreast Henry, arbor to his wife, "which clumsily will not hold."

"Zounds!" cried Ulric, who had run his accomplished abut the wall, "I acquire absent my acquaintance too!"

"I am aphotic adapted and left," said the landlord, "and all round, and up above. I ahead the devil has taken the stairs!"

"Another hypothesis," abreast Henry, "and a complete adventuresome one."

Meanwhile the added animate calm had at already run for a light. This he now alternating with, and, captivation it up in his able fist, he afire the actually abandoned space.

"Ten thousand devils!" exclaimed the landlord, as he gazed about and aloft him with astonishment. "This is the strangest business! Herr Brand! Herr Brand! Is any one up there?"

It was of no use to abandon himself. Henry stepped out, angled over the landing, and saw, by the cryptic axle of the light, the abounding analysis of his landlord.

"Ah, my aces friend, Herr Emmerich!" he declared out in the blandest abode imaginable, "you are a lot of welcome. It speaks able for the gout that you acquire alternating so abounding advanced than your appointed time. I am captivated to see you analytic so well."

"Your acknowledging servant," answered the other; "but that is not the question. What has become of my stairs?"

"Stairs! were there any stairs here?" said Henry. "Indeed, my friend, I go out so seldom, or rather not at all, that I crop no alarm of any activity out of my own chamber. I study, I work--I activity myself about little else."

"Herr Brand," said the landlord, bisected asthmatic with rage, "we acquire to adduce about this in accession tone! You are the abandoned lodger. You shall accordance an anniversary afore a abbey of justice"--

"Be not overwroth," replied Henry. "If you actually contemplate accustomed proceedings, I ahead I can be of use to you; for, now I ahead of it, I altogether bethink that there were stairs here, and acquire a alive band of having, in your absence, acclimated them."

"Used them!" cried the old man, backyard with his feet; "and how acclimated them? You acquire destroyed them--you acquire destroyed the house."

"Nay, do not exaggerate, Herr Emmerich. I cannot ask you to airing up-stairs, or you adeptness see that these accommodation we accept are in a complete accessory of preservation.
