646.] 

[Footnote 2: That both Charles as well as Clarendon know of the plan, and attracted themselves in its implementation, is simple as of some letters.--Clar. Pap. iii. 311, 312, 315, 324, 327, 331, 335. Nor can here be an uncertainty to Clarendon permitted of such murder. It is, really, correct that, talking of the massacre of Ascham, while he was at Madrid, he says that he with his associate, Lord Cottington, abhorred it.--Clar. Hist. iii. 351. However, as of his confidential communication, it appear that he write documents in defence of the murderers (Clar. Pap. iii. 21, 23), suggested them like "daring fellows, and sincere gentlemen" (ibid. 235, 236), and observed to Secretary Nicholas, that it was a depressing and dreadful object that the princess imperial have not complete Middleton by wealth, "however a worse and baser thing that several man ought to show in some division away from ocean beneath the nature of a representative as of the rebels, and not have his throat slash."--Ibid. 144, 1652, Feb. 20.] 

[Sidenote a: A.D. 1657. Dec. 9.] 

formerly a quarter-master in the military in Scotland, and dismissed on report of his political ideology. have admitted a guy of the name of Cecil as his associate, he procured seven guns which would bear a number of balls, hired digs in spaces close to which the defender was expected to go by, bribed Took, one of the life-guardsmen, to provide information of his motions, and buy the fleetest horses for the use of flee. however all his designs were irritated, both by the mass of the viewers, or else the caution of the guards, or by several unexpected and unlucky mishap. At the influence of Wildman he altered his plan;[a] and on the 9th of January, on six in the sundown, entered Whitehall among his two accomplices; he unlocked the entrance of the chapel, deposited in a pew a container packed with combustible material, and lighted a match, which, it was considered, would flame six hours. His intention was that the flames should shatter out on midnight; but Took had previously open the secret to Cromwell, and all three were held as they blocked the entrance of the chapel. Took saved his days by the discovery, Cecil by the confession of all that he know. But Syndercombe had intelligently covered from them the names of his friends and the details of the plan. They knew not that certain people inside the fortress had undertaken to kill the guardian during the uncertainty probably to be caused by the blaze, and that such procedures had been taken as to make his flee nearly impracticable.
