At the same time critical Sanctuary itself paved with black and white marble, the body of the church newly paved and Galleries, with pulpit without sounding board, installation, and the whole church "cleaned, bleached and embellished IN ALL contradictory in Charge of the parish. "that work can be inferred was generally approved of Stow Observation" Continue ":" This is now a magnificent church Very FROM Delayed Repair, while another example of Public Opinion Some speak of this and subsequent improvements of the same class said: "Although the Church has often been repaired one, sin embargo, the beauty of that is justly admired is to this repair."

In May 1821, The Restoration of the choir itself and suggested itself first Time For entertained, a restoration that The dilapidated state of the clerestory clerestory demonstrated the needed services. The Proposal of the Opposition was not allowed to pass the sin, it presented by a motion for the complete destruction of all buildings, except the tower, the church was that a New Fully tailored service. Fortunately, this latter scheme was for negative A large majority of the parishioners, the restoration work and was committed to the then famous Gothic architect Mr. George Gwilt. It did its job more careful with full consciousness and adhering as far as possible the original, although hampered throughout its progress through contradictory instructions from the Management Committee, which, like most agencies of this kind, it tends to fluctuate between a The grounds for the economy and a sense of what was due an old structure. The Gothic Revival itself was then in its infancy, and Mr. Gwilt, committee or must be services held responsible for the Eradication of East Fourth Age, With Its Five Tudor window light, built by Bishop Fox, in rather than no new window of three lights insert itself. Durante, the restoration of St Mary Magdalene Church was demolished in 1822, with some old houses with, unless they are unfortunate that they have encroached too closely on the walls of the choir.

In 1825 the Restoration of the ship began a service taken seriously, their state of deterioration that has made "more visible in contrast with the Presbytery Restored.


This requires Javascript HIT! Please enable Javascript before continuing, or release the HIT.

Beppo.

* * * * *

THE PROOF OF WOMEN.

(The Mirror).

True Love has unreservedly - Lansdowne.

No sin is accomplished in the mind of a most charming woman, nor one that more ANADE dignity and grace of his person, of constancy. Tues any instance that an instance of the part of the beauty that can be possessed of, if she can dora The nuance of Hebe in the cheeks, which competes in the pink damask, and fragrant as the breath - And The gait gracious and elegant Nations, United, Ariel - still, one less than endowed with this characteristic is of a virtuous mind and Innocent, To-do of her personal charms fade Yes, negligence, like the rotting fruit in Autumn . Full List of Values of Women In Your Child's Happiness para gender Essential man, Tanta Belleza But hay and the greatness of the feelings is represented on the Exercise of the record, Que has been justly appreciated by the dramatic poets As Head of the excellence of its heroines. Nerves of the arm is the warrior in his absence from the beloved object of his attachment Dedicated, reflects on the time, the confidence in Your Relationship Your That was not misplaced, Lock But Sin, in the midst of dangers of his profession, he sighs for Their abode of domestic bliss, where the breath of slander not ARRIVED ENTER UN and child singers Astute Where The lewd and seductive, If He dared not make the cake, retreated with shame and horror, Satan Como, When violence first time by the primitive innocence and harmony between Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden. Flavor is added Nations, United claw Los Campesinos fatigues, and his heart expands with joy Yes and gratitude to His return at night without his house mantle of ivy, and Woman is assiduous in Las PARTICIPAN their household chores a family specialist. And calms the mind of the mad DURING lucid intervals of aberration of intellect, and are more likely than not return Nothing para Reason. In fact, there is much calamity that is inherent to man, but that the constancy
Contribute to Better translation
