Mr. C. believes it to be Mrs. Debbing, wife of Genl. D.
      14. Rev. Mr. O'Byrne. Read.
      19. Richardson.
      20. G. Ellis.
      21. Do.
      22. Do.

"If ever my books should escape this obscure corner, the above memorandum will interest some
curious collector.

"JAMES MACKINTOSH.

"The above list, as far as it relates to Richardson, is confirmed by his printed Life, from
which I took a note at Lord J. Townsend's four days ago.

"J. MACKINTOSH. 18 Nov., 1823."

       *       *       *       *       *

NOTE ON PALAMON AND ARCITE.

It has probably often been remarked as somewhat curious, that Chaucer, in describing the arrival
of Palamon and Arcite at Athens, mentions the day of the week on which it takes place:

 "And in this wise, these lordes all and some,
  Ben on the Sonday to the citee come," &c.

Nothing seems to depend on their coming on one day of the week rather than on another. In reality,
however, this apparently insignificant circumstance is astrologically connected with the issue
of the contest. Palamon, who on the morning of the following day makes his prayer to Venus,
succeeds at last in winning Emelie, though Arcite, who commends himself to Mars, conquers him
in the tournament. The prayers of both are granted, because both address themselves to their
tutelary deities at hours over which these deities respectively preside. In order to understand
this, we must call to mind the astrological explanation {132} of the names of the days of the
week. According to Dio Cassius, the Egyptians divided the day into twenty-four hours, and supposed
each of them to be in an especial manner influenced by some one of the planets. The first hour
of the day had the prerogative of giving its name, or rather that of the planet to which it
was subject, to the whole day. Thus, for instance, Saturn presides over the first hour of the
day, which is called by his name; Jupiter over the second, and so on; the Moon, as the lowest
of the planets, presiding over the seventh. Again, the eighth is subject to Saturn, and the
same cycle recommences at the fifteenth and at the twenty-second hours. The twenty-third hour
is therefore subject to Jupiter, and the twenty-fourth to Mars.
