
"Then--It does not matter. It is all just as it was before," said Isabel with a proud smile.
But, her thoughts going to her lover in his disappointment, she almost forgot that the major
was there until he spoke again.

His altered tone startled her into attention. It was sharp with repressed passion and pain.
The poor sot was in earnest--more in earnest, it seemed to her, even than Cabarreux had been
when he had told her that he loved her to-day. "Miss Calhoun, do you remember one day three
or four years ago, when I was knocked down in a drunken fight at Sevier, and lay like a beast
on the roadside?"

"Major Fetridge--"

"Hush! I must tell you: I never spoke to you about it before. You passed by. You were a little
thing then--the people in Sevier had left me there like a dead dog--but you tried to rouse
me, to take me home; and when you could not do it, you spread your handkerchief over my face
to hide it. I have it yet. Look there! Such a scrap of a thing!" opening it out.

"Any girl would have done it. Why do you bring up this miserable story now?" cried Isabel.

"Because on that day I swore before Almighty God that if ever I reached my place in the world
you should stand beside me. Oh!" pacing up and down with a bitter laugh, "I wasn't always the
drunken bummer Sam Fetridge. I have within me great capabilities--even yet, yet. You saw that.
You saw the man I might have been, and never was. Every word you have ever spoken to me has
showed me that you saw it."

The words and the uncontrollable excitement of the man had a singular effect upon Isabel. Something
in the voice, the words, came from a strong soul in desperate strait--belonged to a man with
intellect and energy, for whom she could have near sympathy, a sense of alliance; but before
her eyes was only ridiculous Sam Fetridge, the butt of the village, vaporing up and down.

"It is true," she said frankly, "that your life in Sevier has been wretched enough. I thank
God that you are going to change it. What can I do to help you?"

"Don't you know? Don't you understand even yet?" The little man came up before her and took
both her hands in his: the tears stood in his blinking eyes. Isabel looked into them steadily,
and she did not take her hands away. "You see it is a sort of crisis to-night with me, Miss
Calhoun. I've thought for a good while the game was played out for body and soul. But there's
one thing that could make a man of me again, and to-night I feel as if I had some right to
put out my hand and take it."
