Before me stood a little lad Alive with questions. "Please, Granddad, Did Daddy fight, and Uncle Joe, In the Great War of long ago?" I nodded as I made reply: "Your Dad was in the H.L.I., And Uncle Joseph sailed the sea, Commander of a T.B.D., And Uncle Jack was Major too----" "And what," he asked me, "what were you?" I stroked the little golden head; "I was a General," I said. "Come, and I'll tell you something more Of what I did in the Great War." At once the wonder-waiting eyes Were opened in a mild surmise; Smiling, I helped the little man To mount my knee, and so began: "When first the War broke out, you see, Grandma became a V.A.D.; Your Aunties spent laborious days In working at Y.M.C.A.'s; The servants vanished. Cook was found Doing the conscript baker's round; The housemaid, Jane, in shortened skirt (She always was a brazen flirt), Forsook her dusters, brooms and pails To carry on with endless mails. The parlourmaid became a vet., The tweeny a conductorette, And both the others found their missions In manufacturing munitions. I was a City man. I knew No useful trade. What could I do? Your Granddad, boy, was not the sort To yield to fate; he was a sport. I set to work; I rose at six, Summer and winter; chopped the sticks, Kindled the fire, made early tea For Aunties and the V.A.D. I cooked the porridge, eggs and ham, Set out the marmalade and jam, And packed the workers off, well fed, Well warmed, well brushed, well valeted. I spent the morning in a rush With dustpan, pail and scrubbing-brush; Then with a string-bag sallied out To net the cabbage or the sprout, Or in the neighbouring butcher's shop Select the juiciest steak or chop. So when the sun had sought the West, And brought my toilers home to rest, Savours more sweet than scent of roses Greeted their eager-sniffing noses-- Savours of dishes most divine Prepared and cooked by skill of mine. I was a General. Now you know How Generals helped to down the foe." The little chap slipped off my knee And gazed in solemn awe at me, Stood at attention, stiff and mute, And gave his very best salute.
