The plainness of the nave, in  evaluation  with the ornate  feature  of the exterior, is very  amazing,  but this plainness detracts  not anything  from the impressiveness of its long arcades, its towering  top covering,  the noble lines which  increase  from the ground and support, as it were, on  slim  sinews of  pebble,  the shadowy ceiling. The rose-windows, four in number, are  topped up  with glass of the thirteenth  100 years,  and the  big  windows of the chevet and clerestory  comprise  a  numerous   tinted  mosaic of a  alike  sort. I was  especially   hit  with the rose-window over the western portal. It  comprises  the Beautiful Vision; the Eternal Father is throned in the  centered  ring of the window, and in the radiating panes is the Hierarchy of Paradise, angels and archangels and all the  business  of Heaven, while in a  broader  circumference are grouped the redeemed,  considering  in adoration the majesty of God. 
 I noticed two very interesting tombs  within  Rheims cathedral. The  former  was the sarcophagus of Jovinus, the Christian prefect of Rheims,  within  the fourth century,  whom   guarded  the church and was originally buried  within  the Abbey of St. Nicaise, from whence his tomb was  carried   towards  the cathedral. It consists of a single block of snowy marble, nine feet long, and four feet  tall,   onto  which the consular general is  portrayed   within  a  enthusiastic  bas- relief mounted  onto  horseback and  retaining  the life of a man from the lion,  within  whose flank Jovinus has launched his spear. Very fine indeed is the  craft  of this monument. The  mathematics  which surround Jovinus are men of handsome countenance, evidently portraits, their dress and arms being  ceased  with the  furthest  nicety of detail. The  mathematics  are  approximately   halves  life-size. 
 The other tomb is that of St. Remigius, a Renaissance work erected by Cardinal Delenoncourt in 1533. It is sumptuous and gaudy  other than  beautiful. Twelve  figurines,  full life-size,  comprise  the twelve  gazes  of France, six are the prelates of Rheims, Laon, Langres, Beauvais, Chalons, and Noyon; the six lay  gazes  are the dukes of Burgundy, Normandy and Aquitaine, and the  enumerations  of Flanders, Champagne, and Toulouse. The white marble of these  rather  stagey  numbers  is  attractively  worked and the  result  is imposing.
