"But read this paper from my prefect, Salmatoris; he
says that if I move a step I may cease to live, as the assassins are near me, as well as before
me."

The commander of his guard then entered with fifty grenadiers, their bayonets fixed, carrying
with them a prisoner, who pointed out four individuals not far from Bonaparte's person, two
of whom were Italian officers of the Royal Italian Guard, and two were dressed in Swiss uniforms.
They were all immediately seized, and at their feet were found three daggers.  One of those
in Swiss regimentals exclaimed, before he was taken: "Tremble, tyrant of my country!  Thousands
of the descendants of William Tell have, with me, sworn your destruction.  You, escape this
day, but the just vengeance of outraged humanity follows you like your shade.  Depend upon
it an untimely end is irremediably reserved you."  So saying, he pierced his heart and fell
a corpse into the arms of the grenadiers who came to arrest him.

This incident suspended the procession to the cathedral for an hour, when Berthier announced
that the conspirators were punished.  Bonaparte evinced on this occasion the same absence of
mind and of courage as on the 9th of November, 1799, when Arena and other deputies drew their
daggers against him at St. Cloud.  As this scene did not redound much to the honour of the
Emperor and King, all mention of the conspiracy was severely prohibited, and the deputations
ready to congratulate him on his escape were dispersed to attend their other duties.

The conspirators are stated to have been four young men, who had lost their parents and fortunes
by the Revolutions effected by Bonaparte in Italy and Switzerland, and who had sworn fidelity
to each other, and to avenge their individual wrongs with the injuries of their countries at
the same time.  They were all prepared and resigned to die, expecting to be cut to pieces the
moment Bonaparte fell by their hands; but one of the Italians, rather superstitious, had, before
he went to the drawing-room, confessed and received absolution from a priest, whom he knew
to be an enemy of Bonaparte; but the priest, in hope of reward, disclosed the conspiracy to
the master of ceremonies, Salmatoris.
