"But read this paper from my prefect, Salmatoris; he  states  that if I  proceed  a step I may  stop  to  reside,  as the assassins are  beside  me, as well as before me." 
         "The commander of his guard then went into with fifty grenadiers, their bayonets repaired, bearing with them a detainee, who sharp out four persons not far from Bonaparte's individual, two of who were Italian agents of the Royal Italian Guard, and two were clothed in Swiss uniforms. They were all directly grabbed, and at their feet were discovered three daggers. One of those in Swiss regimentals called out, before he was taken: "Tremble, tyrant of my country! Thousands of the descendants of William Tell have, with me, sworn your destruction. You, get away this day, but the just reprisal of annoyed humanity pursues you like your shade. Depend upon it an untimely end is irremediably booked you." So saying, he pierced his heart and dropped a corpse into the arms of the grenadiers who came to apprehend him. 
 This  occurrence   hovering  the  parade  to the cathedral for an hour, when Berthier  broadcast  that the conspirators were punished. Bonaparte evinced on this  event  the  identical   nonattendance  of  brain  and of  bravery  as on the 9th of November, 1799, when Arena and other deputies drew their daggers  contrary to  him at St. Cloud. As this  view  did not redound much to the  respect  of the Emperor and King, all mention of the conspiracy was  harshly  prohibited, and the deputations  prepared  to  commend  him on his  get away  were dispersed to  join  their other duties. 
 The conspirators are  asserted  to have been four  juvenile  men, who had lost their parents and  treasures  by the Revolutions effected by Bonaparte in Italy and Switzerland, and who had sworn fidelity to each other, and to avenge their  one-by-one  wrongs with the  wounds  of their  nations  at the  identical  time. They were all  arranged  and  relinguished  to  pass away,   anticipating  to be  slash  to  parts  the  instant  Bonaparte  dropped  by their hands; but one of the Italians, rather superstitious, had, before he went to the drawing-room, confessed and  obtained  absolution from a  cleric,   who  he knew to be an  foe  of Bonaparte; but the  cleric,  in  wish  of  pay,   revealed  the conspiracy to the  expert  of  observance,  Salmatoris.
