From the
window she reached the court where she rambled about, climbed over the garden fence and walked
around at least an hour. Then she went back, arranged the flowers on the window in exact order
and--could not find her way to bed. There was always a scene the next day if Grandmother had
been wakened in the night."

The most noteworthy feature in this statement, beside the phenomenon of sadism, later taken
over by the daughter, the urethral eroticism and the susceptibility toward the moonlight, is
the behavior of the mother while walking in her sleep. She plainly has an idea where the flower
pots stand, which she removes from the box and the window, but on the other hand she comes
in contact neither with the bed nor the chamber, which yet are in their usual places. We will
also take note further on of the dancing upon the box in the bright moonlight as well as the
climbing out of the window, climbing and walking about.

Before I go on with my patient's story, something should be said concerning its origin. She
had been undergoing psychoanalytic treatment with me for nine months on account of various
severe hysterical symptoms, which I will not here touch upon further, when she one day came
out with the proposal that she write for me her autobiography. I agreed to it and she brought
me little by little about two hundred fifty pages of folio, which she had prepared without
any influence on my part, except of course that she had, in those months of treatment, made
the technique of the analysis very much her own as far as it touched upon her case. Practically
nothing in our work together in solving her difficulties was said of her sleep walking. I have
also in no way influenced or been able to influence her explanation. It originates solely from
the patient's associations and the employment of her newly acquired knowledge of the unconscious
in the interpretation of her symptoms.

I find then in her account of her life some highly interesting points. "Even at two or three
years old Mother at my entreaties must soothe me to sleep. As we lay together in bed I pretended
often to be asleep and reached as if 'in my sleep' after my mother's breast in order to revel
in sensation there.
