From the window she reached the court  whereas  she  raved   approximately,   jumped   again  the garden fence and  sauntered   round  at  lowest  an hour. Then she went back,  laid  the flowers  onto  the window  within   perfect  order and--could not  encounter  her  distance   towards  bed. There was always a scene the next day  whether  Grandmother had been wakened  within  the night."

The most significant feature within this announcement, nearby the phenomenon of sadism, afterwards robbed again via the daughter, the urethral eroticism and the susceptibility toward the moonlight, is the behavior of the mother whilst sauntering within her sleep. She plainly has an suggestion whereas the flower pots stand, which she sweeps from the container and the window, but onto the else hand she arrives within touch nor with the bed nor the chamber, which yet are within their habitual places. We shall also rob note further onto of the dancing upon the container within the silver moonlight as well as the jumping out of the window, jumping and sauntering about.

Before I go onto with my patient's story, something should be remarked concerning its origin. She had been undergoing psychoanalytic counseling with me for nine months onto fund of various harsh hysterical symptoms, which I shall not here touch upon further, when she one day arrived out with the proposal that she compose for me her autobiography. I accepted it and she carried me little via little approximately two hundred fifty pages of folio, which she had rehearsed without any influence onto my portion, except of course that she had, within those months of counseling, made the technique of the analysis very much her own as far as it touched upon her case. Practically nothing within our profession together within solving her troubles was remarked of her sleep walking. I possess also within none distance touched or been able towards influence her explanation. It stems uniquely from the patient's associations and the vocation of her freshly acquired information of the unconscious within the interpretation of her symptoms.

I encounter otherwise within her fund of her life a number of greatly interesting points. "Even at two or three years old Mother at my entreaties ought soothe me towards sleep. As we lay together within bed I pretended often towards be unconscious and reached as whether 'in my sleep' as soon as my mother's breast within order towards revel within sensation there.
