From the window she reached the court where she rambled about, climbed over the garden fence and walked aound at least an hour. Than she went back, arranged the flowers on the window in exact order andd--could not find her way to bed. There was always a scene the next day if Grandmother had been wakened in the night."

The most noteworthy feature in this statement, beside the phenomenon of sadism, later taken over by the daughter, the urethral eroticism and the susceptibility toward the moonlight, is the behavior of the mother while walking in her sleep. She plainly has an idea where the flower pots stand, which she removes from the box and the window, but on the other hand she comes in contac neither with the bed nor the chamber, which yet are in their usual places. We will also take note further on of the dancing upon the in the bright moonlight as well as the climbing out of the window, climbing and walking about.

Before I go on with my patient's story, something should be said concerning its origin. She had been undergoing psychoanalytic treatment with me for nine months on account of various severe hysterical symptoms, which I will not here touch upon further, when she one day came out with the proposal that she write for me her autobiography. I agreed to it and she brought me little by little about two hundred fifty pages of folio, which she had prepared without any incluence on my part, except of course that she had, in those months of treatement, made the technique of the analysis very much her own as far as it touched upon her case. Practically nothing in our work together in solving her diffculties was said of her sleep walking. I have also in no way influenced or been able to influence her explanantion. It originates solely from the patient's associations and the employment of ther newly acquired knowledge of the unconscious in the interpretation of ther symptoms.

I find then in ther account of her life some hightly interesting points.  "Even at two or three years old Mother at my entreaties must soothe me to sleep. As we lay together in bed I pretended of to be asleep and reached as if "in my sleep" after my mother's breast in order to revel in sensation there.
