I had been waiting to hear from you but there has been no word from you after I arrived in Smyrna. I made enquiries at Cracow, Berlin and Hamburgh but there were no letters from you waiting for me in any of these cities. If you had sent any letters to Warsaw, the Resident has not forwarded them to Berlin even though we had asked him to do so. Andrew, Mr. Calman and I are in good health and doing well. We thank the good God for seeing us safely through all these countries where anything could have happened to us.  It is our hope that our trip has not been an altogether worthless exercise. It is also our dear wish that we could now retire from the task entrusted to us with some assurance that we had done everything in our power to generate some benefit for the church and to Israel. Since leaving England, I gave my first sermon in Hamburgh. Since I did not feel worn out by it, I am confident that the good God will make use of me and help me serve my congregation.  We learnt from an article in a news paper that work at Kilsyth has begun once more. The article mentioned that Dundee was in some way involved in this. It is my great desire that this new life coming in to refresh our parishes would be good for our church. It might also help in bringing back to the fold those pastors who had moved away from it. That would indeed be a great blessing. We do not know all the details and you can well understand how we shall be eager to hear all about this exciting revival that is happening. Right now we are passing through Woolwich and shall be in London in less than an hour. Though we can hardly wait to get home, it appears that we shall have to wait another week before we get there. When I left home, I had no hopes of ever seeing you again in this life. But now, I eagerly look forward to meeting you. May peace be with us always. Your affectionate son,

The day we arrived in our own country was indeed a very special and memorable one. As you can well imagine, we can hardly wait to hear all the news that we missed over the past few months, especially about the out pouring of God’s spirit from on high. Our friends were particularly interested to hear about Israel and the tribes that are dispersed all over the world. Every one knows about the rousing reception that was given to those who were sent on this mission. What they achieved and their successes are recorded elsewhere.
Though Mr. M’Cheyne was deathly ill in Bonja, and nearing the end of his life, he was extremely attentive and interested in hearing the narration of all that had happened in Dundee in August. We should be thankful to the Good Lord that He had granted his wishes and answered his prayers.
