I have not heard of you since I
   was in Smyrna. In vain did I inquire for letters from you at
   Cracow, Berlin, and Hamburgh. You must have written to Warsaw,
   and the Resident there has not returned them to Berlin, as we
   desired. Andrew and I and Mr. Calman are all quite well, and
   thankful to God, who has brought us through every danger in so
   many countries. I trust our course has not been altogether
   fruitless, and that we may now resign our commission with some
   hope of good issuing from it to the church and to Israel. I
   preached last Sabbath in Hamburgh, for the first time since
   leaving England, and felt nothing the worse of it; so that I do
   hope it is my heavenly Father's will to restore me to usefulness
   again among my beloved flock. We have heard something of a
   reviving work at Kilsyth. We saw it noticed in one of the
   newspapers. I also saw the name of Dundee associated with it; so
   that I earnestly hope good has been doing in our church, and the
   dew from on high watering our parishes, and that the flocks
   whose pastors have been wandering may also have shared in the
   blessing. We are quite ignorant of the facts, and you may believe
   we are anxious to hear.... We are now passing Woolwich, and in an
   hour will be in London. We are anxious to be home, but I suppose
   will not get away till next week. I never thought to have seen
   you again in this world, but now I hope to meet you once more in
   peace.--Believe me, your affectionate son," etc.

The day we arrived on the shores of our own land was indeed a singular day. We were intensely
anxious to hear of events that had occurred at home a few months before,--the outpouring of
the Spirit from on high,--while our friends were intensely interested in hearing tidings of
the land of Israel and the scattered tribes. The reception of deputation on their return, and
the fruits of their mission, are well known, and have been elsewhere recorded.

Mr. M'Cheyne listened with deepest interest to the accounts given of what had taken place in
Dundee during the month of August, when he lay at the gates of death in Bouja. The Lord had
indeed fulfilled his hopes, and answered his prayers.
