To monitor the treatment of war prisoners, with the permission of United States Government, we gave a suggestion for a commission of United States officers for each country. We are anxious about British prisoners of war in Germany as the German Government didn’t reply for the proposal of United States Government. 

Being situated n the high seas, a German mine layer was discovered in the beginning of the German war. Again we discovered some mine layers and as per our understanding some are still laid on the high seas. They have sunk many neutral and British vessels

So may times during the war German submarines have stopped and sunk British Merchant vessels. It is common in the areas. According to the General rule merchant vessels if captured should be taken before the prize court. A neutral vessel carrying  food stuffs to an unfortified town in Great Bitain has been already sunk which happened recently. One more case reported in which a German armed cruiser has sunk an American vessel, the William P. Frye, carrying a cargo of wheat from Seattle to Queenstown. In both cases mentioned above, the cargoes were presumably destined for the civil population. 
In such cases, cargoes should not have been condemned without the decision of a prize court, much less should the vessels have been sunk the justification for their action in the both the cases is detention by the British authorities of the Wilhelmina and her cargo of foodstuffs, which the German Government allege.


The German Government have made an announcement with the intention that without notice and proven for the safety of crews they will sink the British merchant vessels. In the case of neutral as well as of British vessels they have already implemented by destroying a number of non-combatant and innocent lives on British vessels, unarmed and defenseless.

German ships of war have deliberately and wantonly bombarded Unfortified, open, and defenseless towns, such as Scarborough, Yarmouth, and Whitby  and it caused some cases considerable loss of civilian life, including women and children
