We have proposed, with the consent of the United States
Government, that a commission of United States officers should be permitted in each country
to inspect the treatment of prisoners of war. The United States Government have been unable
to obtain any reply from the German Government to this proposal, and we remain in continuing
anxiety and apprehension as to the treatment of British prisoners of war in Germany.

"3. At the very outset of the war a German mine layer was discovered laying a mine field on
the high seas. Further mine fields have been laid from time to time without warning, and, so
far as we know, are still being laid on the high seas, and many neutral as well as British
vessels have been sunk by them.

"4. At various times during the war German submarines have stopped and sunk British merchant
vessels, thus making the sinking of merchant vessels a general practice, though it was admitted
previously, if at all, only as an exception, the general rule to which the British Government
have adhered being that merchant vessels, if captured, must be taken before a prize court.
In one case already quoted in a note to the United States Government a neutral vessel carrying
foodstuffs to an unfortified town in Great Britain has been sunk. Another case is now reported
in which a German armed cruiser has sunk an American vessel, the William P. Frye, carrying
a cargo of wheat from Seattle to Queenstown. In both cases the cargoes were presumably destined
for the civil population. Even the cargoes in such circumstances should not have been condemned
without the decision of a prize court, much less should the vessels have been sunk. It is to
be noted that both these cases occurred before the detention by the British authorities of
the Wilhelmina and her cargo of foodstuffs, which the German Government allege is the justification
for their own action.

"The Germans have announced their intention of sinking British merchant vessels by torpedo
without notice and without any provision for the safety of the crews. They have already carried
out this intention in the case of neutral as well as of British vessels, and a number of non-combatant
and innocent lives on British vessels, unarmed and defenseless, have been destroyed in this way.

"5. Unfortified, open, and defenseless towns, such as Scarborough, Yarmouth, and Whitby, have
been deliberately and wantonly bombarded by German ships of war, causing in some cases considerable
loss of civilian life, including women and children.
