It is also affected by food and drink. Malt liquors and other alcoholic beverages slight temporary increase of the amount of secretion, and can, in rare cases, have a beneficial effect on the mother. They affect, sometimes, the child, however, their use is not to be recommended unless the mother is very feeble, and there is a shortage of milk.

* * * * *

CHAPTER XI.

PHYSIOLOGICAL ANATOMY.

Excretion.

Waste products from tissues are constantly poured blood, and, as we have seen, is everywhere full of blood corpuscles, which, like all living things die and decay, their decomposition products accumulate every part of the circulatory system. Therefore, if blood must be kept pure, the liquid waste that poured incessantly, or generated in it, but continued to be eliminated or excreted. Main sets of organs concerned in making the separation of substances in the blood excrementitious the lungs, skin, and kidneys.

Elimination of carbonic acid through the lungs has been described on page 66, and excretory function of the skin on page 70.

The kidneys are two bean-shaped organs, located at the rear of the abdominal cavity, the region of the loins, one on each side of the spine. Convex side of each kidney is directed outwards and concave side is turned inwards towards the spine. From the middle concave part which is called hilus, a long tube of small arms, called ureter, bladder revenue. The latter is a body bag oval located in the pelvic cavity. It is mainly composed of elastic muscle fibers, and is internally lined with mucosa, and externally coated with a layer of peritoneum, which lines serous abdominal and pelvic cavities. Ureters enter the bladder through the rear wall and smaller at a certain distance from each other. Openings through which the ureters enter the bladder are oblique, therefore, is much easier to pass kidney secretion of ureters in the bladder than to get otherwise. Driving from the bladder to outside the body is a tube called the urethra, through which urine is voided.

Excretion by the kidneys, called urine, is a liquid amber or yellow, naturally having a slightly acid reaction, and a specific gravity ranging from 1015-1025.
