It is also affected
by the food and drink. Malt liquors and other mild alcoholic beverages temporarily increase
the amount of the secretion, and may, in rare instances, have a beneficial effect upon the
mother. They sometimes affect the child, however, and their use is not to be recommended unless
the mother is extremely debilitated, and there is a deficiency of milk.

       *       *       *       *       *

CHAPTER XI.

PHYSIOLOGICAL ANATOMY.

EXCRETION.

The products resulting from the waste of the tissues are constantly being poured into the blood,
and, as we have seen, the blood being everywhere full of corpuscles, which, like all living
things, die and decay, the products of their decomposition accumulate in every part of the
circulatory system. Hence, if the blood is to be kept pure, the waste materials incessantly
poured into this fluid, or generated in it, must be as continually removed, or excreted. The
principal sets of organs concerned in effecting the separation of excrementitious substances
from the blood are the lungs, the skin, and the kidneys.

The elimination of carbonic acid through the lungs has already been described on page 66, and
the excretory function of the skin on page 70.

The kidneys are two bean-shaped organs, placed at the back of the abdominal cavity, in the
region of the loins, one on each side of the spine. The convex side of each kidney is directed
outwards, and the concave side is turned inwards towards the spine. From the middle of the
concave side, which is termed the hilus, a long tube of small caliber, called the ureter, proceeds
to the bladder. The latter organ is an oval bag, situated in the pelvic cavity. It is composed
principally of elastic muscular fibers, and is lined internally with mucous membrane, and coated
externally with a layer of the peritoneum, the serous membrane which lines the abdominal and
pelvic cavities. The ureters enter the bladder through its posterior and lower wall, at some
little distance from each other. The openings through which the ureters enter the bladder are
oblique, hence it is much easier for the secretion of the kidneys to pass from the ureters
into the bladder than for it to get the other way. Leading from the bladder to the exterior
of the body is a tube, called the urethra, through which the urine is voided.

The excretion of the kidneys, termed the urine, is an amber-colored or straw-colored fluid,
naturally having a slightly acid reaction, and a specific gravity ranging from 1,015 to 1,025.
