The following documents and letters are missing the last twelve months: -

Matthew Hutton letters from the Duke of Somerset, describes three daughters of Lord Winchelsea, inscrutable as three books. August, 1725.

Letters from the Beau Nash ladies C. and H. Finch. August and September, 1725.

Letter from W. Edwards to Matthew Hutton. Starting strong, December 11 1725.

Letters containing a proposal for marriage from the Duke of Somerset to Lady C. Finch. Dated 1725.

Letter from the Duke of Somerset to the Earl of Winchelsea on the same subject.

Letters between Lord Granville and the Duke of Somerset, on the death of his nephew Duke titles. November and December, 1744.

Autograph notes from George III. Charles, Earl of Egremont, on public business. In 1762 and 1763.

Letter from Lord Lyttleton Earl of Egremont, to Lady Egremont inclosing free Verses. Dated 01-01-1761.

A special debt of the Duke of Somerset. Starting October 7 1697.

Holograph letter from Charles II. the Countess of Northumberland, proposing marriage to his son George Grand-daughter, Percy heiress.

Letter from Lord Hertford to his father by agreeing to marry. Whitehall, London.

* * * * *

This day is published,

A Catalogue of a very choice and valuable collection of books, ancient and modern, English and Foreign Languages, books and prints in fine condition, also some beautiful illuminated manuscripts on parchment, including a most splendid parchment MS. Latin Bible, the second film very high volumes, written around 1380, also a richly illuminated copy of Ferdi's Shah Nameh, the Persian, with thirty-seven beautiful paintings - mainly related to the best adhesives, DEROM , Bozerian, Kalthoeber, Walter, Lewis, Clarke, Bedford, Riviere, Aitken & C: Selected from the libraries of the Rev. Dr. Hawtrey, Provost of Eton, Very Rev. Dr. Butler, Dean of Peterborough, formerly Head Master of Harrow , Right Hon. Warren Hastings, former Governor General of India, Rev. Coates RJ, Sopworth House, Gloucestershire, collected by him during the past sixty years, tastefully and proceedings, regardless of expense, S. Freeman, Esq., Fawley Court (built Inigo Jones), Henley-on-Thames, John Miller, Esq., of Lincoln's Inn, and various other libraries sold in London and Country, with some private purchases. Now selling at prices apply

JOSEPH Lilly, 19.
