Over the last twelve months, the following documents and letters are missing:-

Letters:

From Mathew Hutton to the Duke of Somerset, dated in  August, 1725.
Description: The three daughters of Lord Winchelsea, also known as the "Three Books"
From Beau Nash to Lady C.Finch and Lady H.Finch, dated in August and September,1725.
From the Duke of Somerset to Lady C.Finch, dated in 1725.
Description: A proposal of marriage
From the Duke of Somerset to the Earl of Winchelsea, also about the marriage proposal abovementioned.
From Lord Granville to the Duke of Somerset, and vice versa, dated in November and December,1744.
Description: The death of the Duke's grandson.
From Lord Lyttleton to the Earl of Egremont, dated January 1st, 1761.
Description: Complimentary verses to Lady Egremont
From Lord Hentford to his father
Description: Marriage consent , Whitehall,London.
From Charles II to the Countess of Northumberland
Description: A holograph letter about the marriage proposal of his son George to her grand daughter, the Percy heiress.
-----
Autograph notes from George III to Charles, the Earl of Egremont, about public business, dated in 1762 and 1763.

Debt details of the Duchess of Somerset, dated October 7,1697.

*****
Books published today:
A catalogue of an invaluable collection, both old and modern, in English and other languages.
Book of Prints, in good condition
Manuscripts including Vellum MS of the Latin Bible in two large volumes, written circa 1380

Copy of Ferdosi's Shah Nameh in Persian with thirty-seven beautiful paintings, bound by the best Binders, Derome, Bozerian, Kalthoeber &c
Now on sale at the affixed price in London and the country
From the libraries of:
Rev Dr Hawtrey, Provost of Eton, very Rev Dr Butler, dean of Peterborough, right Hon. Warren Hastings, Rev.R.J.Coates of Sopworth House, Gloucestershire- collector of the tasteful and expensive aforesaid copy, for the past sixty years.S. Freeman, Esq, Fawley Court, Henley-on-Thames, John Miller,Esq, of Lincoln's Inn
and various other libraries.
Joseph Lilly, 19.
