* * * * 

* * * * *

* * * * * 

Professor. Boat race novel of the punch.

STONYBROKE.

Chapter I

IT-University boat - just before the race was. In the remote eastern purple cloud behind the brilliant August sun of his rest, his light Aginanwater expiration of the court with ancestral seat of the high battlements of his grace, the Duke was sinking Fri AVADRYNKE, KCB, Jean, also features Norman convulsively in his white a soft diet - Hall Dish - Click been observed against a glass window. 50, "a strange atmosphere out of the market potential of the electric field, the sparrow head gaming - a man broken by a myriad of voices is one raucously roaring. Oxbridge did!" Thick 'un, Camford or "two ponies!" Well, it would have during the Duke of AVADRYNKE Oxbridge crews, he and his well-known river-side residents had been providing hospitality. However, Duke, the crimson banners proudly bearing the flap on the top turret of his boating - the courage of the ancient races, "Doom Vivo Bibo's proud motto of the family fold."

And the sun went down in the wild revelry of Aginanwater court waving a huge sound beam.

Chapter 2.

Oxbridge crews are still in the marble banquet room that evening, Duke's butler had placed for them among the debris sat. Magnum and the bottom line, most of the Heidanseekerer champagne and, most of them like an empty AVADRYNKE, the moment the Lord PODOPHLIN, the famous Article 5 of the brawny was reposing on his chest was packed with stupid hair crew Oxbridge. Shadow Lady of Ballet and Dance Tarara winding steps to the end of the room, crew chef d'special Oxbridge Tarara raised at the end of the hall devoted to orchester is unity.

He's the Duke Pearl - encrusted box, select As his fourth regalriaheul "I may jiggered," Oxbridge Mr. President, WELFORARD LONGSTROKE, observe and give it to you love all the community, "I'm not ripping jiggered may shine! What what? "he addresses the young PULYER Wright continued, suits, and four times on the ceiling raftered playfully badgering him -" We - Camford in the morning, you can not beat the enemies of a coward? " The roar of applause and his seven colleagues moved into the mouth of the smoker.

But in this moment, the Duchess and Lord AVADRYNKE PODOPHLIN unobserved from the room rose and quitted.
