
       *       *       *       *       *

       *       *       *       *       *

       *       *       *       *       *

MR. PUNCH'S BOAT-RACE NOVEL.

STONYBROKE.

CHAPTER I.

IT was the eve of the University Boat-Race. In the remote East the gorgeous August sun was
sinking to his rest behind the purple clouds, gilding with his expiring rays the elevated battlements
of Aginanwater Court, the ancestral seat of His Grace the Duke of AVADRYNKE, K.C.B., G.I.N.,
whose Norman features might have been observed convulsively pressed against the plate-glass
window of his alabaster dining-hall. There was in the atmosphere a strange electric hush, scarcely
broken by the myriad voices of hoarse betting-men, raucously roaring out the market odds of
"Fifty to one. Oxbridge!" or "Two ponies to a thick 'un, Camford!" Well would it have been
for the Duke of AVADRYNKE had he never offered the hospitality of his famous river-side residence
to the Oxbridge Crew. But the Duke had the courage of his ancient boating-race whose banner
waved proudly upon the topmost turret, bearing upon its crimson folds the proud family motto,
"Dum Vivo Bibo."

And the sun went down, and within Aginanwater Court the sounds of wild revelry shook the massive
beams.

CHAPTER II.

THE Oxbridge Crew still sat in the marble supper-room, amid the débris of the feast that the
Duke's Seneschal had laid out for them. The floor was paved with Magnums and Maximums of the
best Heidanseekerer champagne, most of them as empty as the foolish head of the Duchess of
AVADRYNKE, which was at that moment reposing upon the brawny chest of Lord PODOPHLIN, the celebrated
No. 5 of the Oxbridge Crew. On a raised dais at the end of the room the ladies of the Tarara
corps de ballet were performing the final steps of the Sinuous Shadow-dance, specially dedicated
to the Oxbridge Crew by the chef d'orchestre of Tarara's Halls.

"May I be jiggered," observed the Oxbridge President, Sir WELFORARD LONGSTROKE, as he selected
his fourth regalia from the Duke's pearl- encrusted box, and lit it with all the abandon of
a Society darling, "may I be jiggered if this is not ripping! What say you?" he continued,
addressing young PULYER WRIGHT, the Coxswain, and tossing him playfully four times to the raftered
ceiling--"shall we not beat the dastard foe from Camford to-morrow?" A roar of applause sprang
from the smoking mouths of his seven companions.

But at this moment the Duchess of AVADRYNKE and Lord PODOPHLIN rose unobserved and quitted
the room.
