This was December 16, 1901. The next day I look in the history of my life, and the Anglo-Boer War history. The sun rose in splendor in the morning, casting its rays on me - a man in the prime of life, full of energy and ambition martial. At night the scene was changed! Tired, wounded and bleeding on a lonely plain, shrouded in darkness, I lay, no more man of the day, or once, but helpless as a baby.

Although I took part in several hot engagements, both as a citizen and commander, and was in many corners well, but I do not remember a day when I was so made of laurel, when I was so hard pressed that day. Early morning it was evident that the enemy had a design, but that day, and that was to force me to surrender. My commando was about eighty strong. On the flanks were always my two British columns, while a third has been following up on my back. With such a small number of people at my disposal, and three columns of opposing, it was almost impossible to offer a successful resistance. I had hardly taken a position where the cover will come round columns, and I had to waive position or allow ourselves to be locked in. So I was forced to withdraw from one position to another, under the rays of sun in December, which seemed to set everything on fire, a country so dry and dry, they found hardly a drop of water to quench one's thirst, and that from early morning until sunset sun, without a piece of food! That was enough to destroy the most powerful man.

A little before sunset we looked threatening head railway line in front. I was again, exactly the same state as 8.15 when we had to cut the wire near Springfontein Junction, but with this difference - that the danger was more imminent, the enemy from forming a semicircle behind me, and before I was a strong line fenced and guarded better than the first. But happy armored train was not on stage. As we have been so successful in our company first, we determined to pass the enemy line again in daylight. Finally, I had to cut wire or surrender. The latter was more repulsive than the first.
