This was the 16th of December, 1901. The date I in no way shall forget in my life's account, and in the olden times of the Anglo-Boer Battle. The sun go up in luxury that daybreak, casting his rays upon me--a man in the major of life, packed of power and aggressive aim. At eventide the picture was altered! Weary, injured and bleeding on a forlorn plain, masked in gloom, I rest, no further the guy of the day, or of previous days, but frail and powerless as an infant. 

Even if I had taken part in several scorching activities, both as burgher and leader, and had been in lots of firm corners, yet I do not recall a day in which we were so brought to bay, when we were so tough pushed as that day. Early in the daybreak it was clear that the opponent had but one plan that day, and that was to compel me to give up. My commando was about eighty muscular. On my flanks were frequently two British columns, even as a third one was next up at my back. By such a small amount of men at my removal, and three columns to resist, it was next to impractical to present unbeaten fight. We had barely taken up a location when the flanking columns would come encircling, and we had either to dispose of the location or permit ourselves to be fasten in. Thus we were obliged to move back from one to a different place, beneath the rays of a December sun, which seemed to locate all on fire, through a realm so parched and dry that one barely found a drop of water to satisfy one's dryness, and that from early morn till sunset with no a piece of provisions! That was sufficient to shatter down the strongest man. 

A slight earlier than night the warning Cape Railway line stared us in the face. We were once more specifically in the identical dilemma as on the 15th of August, while we had to cut the rope close to Springfontein Intersection, only with this difference--that the threat was much further imminent, the opponent forming a half circle at my rear, and before me was a line more powerfully fenced and superior protected than the earliest. But gladly the armored train was not on the sight. As we were so winning in our first task, we determined to go by the enemy's row once more in daytime. In well, we had to slash the line or give up. The latter was further disgusting than the previous.
