Dinner with which his guest happy, of course, would have satisfied the most demanding gourmet, but to Sanin seemed endless, insupportable! Polozov eat slowly "with feeling, with determination, with deliberation," carefully bending plate, and sniffing at almost every piece. First he rinsed his mouth with wine, then swallowed and smacked his lips .... Over steak, he suddenly began to talk - but why? Merino sheep, of which he was the intention of ordering a whole flock, and in such detail, with such tenderness, using all the while endearing pet names for them. After drinking a cup of coffee, boiling hot (he had several times with one voice of irritation tears referred to waiter that he was served the evening before with coffee, cold - cold as ice) and! Bitten on the end of a cigar Havannah with crooked yellow teeth, he left, as was his custom, a nap, to intense joy Sanin, who began walking up and down with silent steps on soft carpet, and dreaming of his life with Gemma and of what news will bring them. Polozov, however, found himself, as he himself noted, earlier than usual - he slept only an hour and a half - and after drinking a glass of cold water Seltzer, and swallowing eight spoonfuls of jam, Russian jam, which he brought Jack in a dark green genuine 'Kiev' jar, and without which, in his own words, he could not live, he looked with his eyes swollen from Sanin and asked him would he not wants to play a game of "fools" with him. Sanin agreed readily, he was afraid that Polozov start talking again about lambs and ewes and fat tails. Both host and guests adjourned to the room, the waiter brought the books and the game started, no - certainly for the money.

In this innocent diversion Maria Nikolaevna found them on her return from the Countess's Lasunsky. She laughed aloud directly she came into the room and I saw open book and card table. Sanin jumped up, but she cried, "Be quiet, go with the game. I will change my dress and come directly to you, and disappeared again with a swish of a dress, pulling off the gloves her as she went.

She did in fact return very soon.
