
The dinner with which he regaled his guest would of course have satisfied the most exacting
gourmand, but to Sanin it seemed endless, insupportable! Polozov ate slowly, 'with feeling,
with judgment, with deliberation,' bending attentively over his plate, and sniffing at almost
every morsel. First he rinsed his mouth with wine, then swallowed it and smacked his lips....
Over the roast meat he suddenly began to talk--but of what? Of merino sheep, of which he was
intending to order a whole flock, and in such detail, with such tenderness, using all the while
endearing pet names for them. After drinking a cup of coffee, hot to boiling point (he had
several times in a voice of tearful irritation mentioned to the waiter that he had been served
the evening before with coffee, cold--cold as ice!) and bitten off the end of a Havannah cigar
with his crooked yellow teeth, he dropped off, as his habit was, into a nap, to the intense
delight of Sanin, who began walking up and down with noiseless steps on the soft carpet, and
dreaming of his life with Gemma and of what news he would bring back to her. Polozov, however,
awoke, as he remarked himself, earlier than usual--he had slept only an hour and a half--and
after drinking a glass of iced seltzer water, and swallowing eight spoonfuls of jam, Russian
jam, which his valet brought him in a dark-green genuine 'Kiev' jar, and without which, in
his own words, he could not live, he stared with his swollen eyes at Sanin and asked him wouldn't
he like to play a game of 'fools' with him. Sanin agreed readily; he was afraid that Polozov
would begin talking again about lambs and ewes and fat tails. The host and the visitor both
adjourned to the drawing-room, the waiter brought in the cards, and the game began, not,--of
course, for money.

At this innocent diversion Maria Nikolaevna found them on her return from the Countess Lasunsky's.
She laughed aloud directly she came into the room and saw the cards and the open card-table.
Sanin jumped up, but she cried, 'Sit still; go on with the game. I'll change my dress directly
and come back to you,' and vanished again with a swish of her dress, pulling off her gloves
as she went.

She did in fact return very soon.
