The  evening  serving of food   with which he regaled his  visitor  would of course have  persuaded  the most exacting gourmand, but to Sanin it  appeared  endless, insupportable! Polozov ate  gradually,  'with feeling, with judgment, with deliberation,'  angling  attentively over his plate, and sniffing at  nearly  every morsel. First he rinsed his mouth with wine, then  ingested  it and smacked his lips.... Over the  bake   beef  he  abruptly   started  to talk--but of what? Of merino sheep, of which he was  proposing  to  alignment  a  entire  flock, and in such  minutia,  with such tenderness,  utilising  all the while endearing  favourite   titles  for them. After  consuming  a cup of coffee,  warm  to boiling  issue  (he had  some  times in a voice of tearful irritation  cited  to the  server  that he had been  assisted  the  night  before with coffee, cold--cold as ice!) and  gnawed  off the end of a Havannah cigar with his crooked yellow teeth, he  fallen  off, as his  custom  was, into a nap, to the  strong   great  delight   of Sanin, who  started   strolling  up and down with noiseless steps on the  supple  carpet, and  imagining  of his life with Gemma and of what  report  he would  convey  back to her. Polozov,  although,   aroused,  as he  commented  himself,  previous  than usual--he had  dozed  only an hour and a half--and after  consuming  a glass of  frozen  seltzer water, and  ingesting  eight spoonfuls of jam, Russian jam, which his valet  conveyed  him in a dark-green  authentic  'Kiev' jar, and without which, in his own  phrases,  he could not  reside,  he  gazed  with his  distended  eyes at Sanin and  inquired  him wouldn't he like to play a game of 'fools' with him. Sanin  acquiesced  readily; he was  aghast  that Polozov would  start   conversing   afresh  about lambs and ewes and fat tails. The  owner  and the  tourist  both adjourned to the drawing-room, the  server   conveyed  in the cards, and the game  started,  not,--of course, for money. 
    The  evening  serving of food   with which he regaled his  visitor  would of course have  persuaded  the most exacting gourmand, but to Sanin it

At this blameless diversion Maria Nikolaevna discovered them on her come back from the Countess Lasunsky's. She joked out blaring exactly she came into the room and glimpsed the cards and the open card-table. Sanin leapt up, but she bawled, 'Sit still; proceed on with the game. I'll change my dress exactly and arrive back to you,' and disappeared afresh with a swish of her dress, dragging off her hand-coverings as she went. 
 She did in  detail   come back  very soon.
