The explanation of this estrangement given by my grandfather,
was that there had been a disagreement about land; but perhaps he may have felt some delicacy
about telling his children that his unambitious marriage had contributed to render the separation
permanent. However this may have been, my grandmother never once saw the inside of her brother-in-law's
house, and when she died there was, I believe, not even the formal expression of condolence
that is usual among acquaintances. Gilbert Hamerton had lived at Hollins, a house and estate
inherited from his mother; and James Hamerton, the elder brother, lived in a castellated peel
or border tower at Hellifield, which had been built by Lawrence Hamerton in 1440. The two places
are not much more than twenty miles apart; but the brothers never met after their quarrel,
and my grandfather's sons and daughters never saw their uncle's house. One result of the estrangement
was that we hardly seemed to belong to our own family; and I remember a lady, who had some
very vague and shadowy claims to a distant connection with the family at Hellifield, asking
one of my aunts in a rather patronizing manner if she also did not "claim to be connected"
with the Hamertons of Hellifield Peel. Even to this day it is difficult for me to realize the
simple fact that she was niece to an uncle whom she had never seen, and first cousin to his
successor.

My grandfather had lived in apparently excellent health till the age of seventy-seven, when
one afternoon as he was seated in his dining-room at Hollins, nobody being present except his
eldest daughter Mary, he asked her to open the window, and then added, "Say a prayer." She
immediately began to repeat a short prayer, and before she had reached the end of it he was
dead. There is a strange incident connected with his death, which may be worth something to
those who take an interest in what is now called "Psychical Research." At the same hour his
married daughter was sitting in a room forty miles away with her little boy, a child just old
enough to talk, and the child stared with intense interest at an empty chair. His mother asked
what attracted his attention, and the child said, "Don't you see, mamma, the old gentleman
who is sitting in that chair?" I am careful not to add details, as my own imagination might
unconsciously amplify them, but my impression is that the child was asked to describe the vision
more minutely, and that his description exactly accorded with his grandfather's usual appearance.
