Explanation of the disposition given by my grandfather, was that there was a disagreement on the land, but perhaps he may have felt some delicacy about his children modestly says his marriage helped make the separation permanent. However, this may have been, my grandmother never saw the inside house once her brother-in-law, and when she died there was, I think, not even the formal expression of condolence, which is Usually among acquaintances. Gilbert Hamerton lived at Hollins, a house and property inherited from his mother, and James Hamerton, older brother, lived in a border shell or Hellifield embattled tower, which was built by Lawrence Hamerton in 1440. The two places not more than twenty miles away, but never met the brothers after their quarrel, and sons and daughters of my grandfather never seen their uncle's house. One result of the alienation was that I hardly seem to belong to our own family, and I remember a lady who had some very vague and shadowy claims to a remote family in Hellifield, asking one of my aunts in a rather patronizing way, also if she does not "pretend to be connected" with Hamertons of Hellifield Peel. Even to this day is difficult for me to realize the simple fact that she was niece to an uncle she had never seen, and first cousin of his successor.

My grandfather lived in apparently excellent health until age seventy-seven, when one afternoon he was sitting in his living room at Hollins, was present one, except his eldest daughter Mary, he asked an open window, then added: "Say a prayer." She immediately began to repeat a short prayer, and before she reached the end of it was dead. There is a strange incident in connection with his death, which may be worth something to those who take an interest in what is now called "psychic research." At the same time, he married his daughter sitting in room forty-one miles away with her little boy, just big enough for a child to speak, and the child looked with intense interest to an empty chair. His mother asked what drew his attention, and the child said, "I see you, mother, older gentleman who is in that chair?" Are careful not to add details, as my imagination could amplify them unconscious, but my impression is that the child was asked to describe more detailed view, and that's exactly the description in accordance with normal appearance of his grandfather.
