
  Where in the Southron's Fatherland
  Is that last ditch--his final stand?
  Is it at Natchez, high or low,
  Or Newbern, where the pine-trees grow?
  Is it where ladies 'dip' and snuff,
  And white men feed on dirt enough?
  Not there, not there; far down below
  And further off its waters flow.

  Where in the Southron's Fatherland
  Is that last ditch--his final stand?
  Knowest thou a stream folks call the Styx,
  Round a plantation of Old Nick's,
  In which, as Beauregard once swore,
  His horse should drink when all is o'er?
  There, there, my Southern friend, you'll find
  A ditch exactly to your mind.

  Ay, there in truth. God! can it be
  That falsehood, sin and tyranny,
  Though eighteen hundred years be past,
  Still roar and revel wild and fast?
  Well, let them rave; thou knowest the way--
  'Tis darkest ere the dawn of day,
  And well we know, whate'er befall,
  Where runs the ditch to hide them all!

PATIENCE.

  Patience! why,'tis the soul of peace;
  Of all the virtues, the nearest kin to heaven.
  It makes men act like gods.

REWARDING THE ARMY.

It is a brave thing that we can truly say, after more than a year of fierce hostilities, the
war in which this country is engaged goes on with undiminished--nay, with increasing Northern
spirit. The enemy has been obliged to resort to forced conscription, and to declare every man
within its limits a soldier, while we have not as yet had recourse to drafting; nor, as the
late sudden call showed, nearly exhausted our volunteers. A thousand, and even fifteen hundred
dollars have been offered in Virginia newspapers for a substitute, and yet behind this there
has followed an Executive order for enrolling every man in the army whether he have purchased
a substitute or not. 'Our flag floats over Nashville and Natchez, over Memphis and New-Orleans,
over Norfolk and Pensacola, over Yorktown and Newbern.' We have girded them in on the Mississippi,
on the Atlantic, and on the Gulf. We know that they are destitute of almost every thing save
mere food and arms, and that every month sinks them deeper and deeper in destitution and misery.
The war is on their own soil, and their own armies are a scourge and a curse to their own estates.
