It was towards be wished none harm had occurred towards him!" Such was the weight of the conversation till--when at about an hour ahead of midnight the party burst up--Alessandro Malfi remarked, that towards allay the tensions of his wife, whom was getting extremely alarmed approximately her brother, he would saunter as far as Forni--which was the name of Gaspar's farm--to inquire what had become of him.

As Ripa's distance lay within the equivalent direction, they naturally activated together; and as soon as what appears towards possess been a very quiet walk--for the spirits of Giuseppe were so depressed that the else located it impossible towards draw him into conversation--they reached Forni, when, having stair the bell, they were currently resolved via Antonio Guerra, whom put his brain out of an upper window towards inquire whom they were, and what they wanted.

"It is I, Alessandro Malfi. I need towards know whereas your master is, and why he has not been towards my house this evening as he promised?"

"I idea he was there," remarked Antonio; "he predetermined off from here towards go soon as soon as seven o'clock."

"That is most extraordinary!" replaced Malfi; "what within the earth can possess become of him?"

"It is very strange, certainly," resolved the servant; "he has never arrive home; and when you rang I idea it was he replaced from the party."

As there was none many towards be knowledgeable, the two allies already parted; Malfi voicing extensive secret and a number of uneasiness at the non-appearance of his brother-in-law: whilst of Giuseppe we hear nothing many till the consecutive afternoon, when, whilst at profession within his vineyard, he was accosted via two officers of law from Aquila, and he located himself arrested, below an accusation of having waylaid Mendez within a mountain-pass onto the preceding evening, and injured him, with the design of taking his life.

The former vocabulary Ripa spoken onto hearing this impeachment--words that, want everybody the lie down of his behavior, told dreadfully against him--were: "Isn't he dead, then?"

"No thank you towards you that he's not," answered the officer; "but he's existence, and necessarily towards retrieve towards grant evidence against his assassin."

"Dio!" cried Giuseppe, "I wish I'd known he wasn't dead!"

"You confess, otherwise, that you injured him with the purpose towards kill?"
"No," resolved Ripa; "I confess none such thing. As I was going across the traverse last night I saw a man's hat lying a little off the route, and onto lifting it, I observed it belonged towards Señor Mendez. Whilst I was wondering how it arrived there without the owner, and was glancing approximately for him, I spied him lying rear a boulder.
