It was hoped to be no harm happened to him "The conversation was to load - where, in about an hour before midnight the party broke up - Malfa Alessandro said that to alleviate the anxiety of his wife! What was getting very alarmed about her brother, he would walk as far as Forni - which was the name Gaspar farm - to ask what happened to him.

As a way of Ripa was in the same direction, started naturally together, and after what appears to be a very quiet ride - for Giuseppe spirits were so depressed that the other found it impossible to draw the conversation - Forni came when, having rung the bell, have now been answered by Antonio Guerra, who put her head out a window above, to see who they are, and what they wanted.

"It is I, Alessandro Malfa want to know where your master is, and why it was not at my house this evening, as he promised?".

"I thought he was there," said Antonio, "started from here to go shortly after seven o'clock."

"This is the most extraordinary!" Malfa back, "what in the world can have become of him?"

"It is very odd, certainly," replied the servant, "he came home when I thought it was called back from his party. "

There is no more to learn, two friends now separated, Malfa expressed considerable surprise and some uneasiness in the non-appearance of his brother-in-law: while Giuseppe hear nothing more until the following afternoon, when the While at work in his vineyard, he was accosted by two officers of Justice at Aquila, and find himself arrested on charges of having waylaid Mendez in a mountain-pass the previous evening, and and wounded him with his design of taking life.

The first words uttered Ripa impeachment hearing programs - which, like the rest of his conduct, said awful against him - were "not dead, then?"

"No thanks to you that," replied the officer, "but he is alive, and could recover to testify against his killer."

"Dio!" Giuseppe shouted, "I wish we had known he was dead!"

"I confess, then, that you hurt with intent to kill?"

"No," Ripa responded, "I confess such a thing. As I was passing through last night, I noticed a little hat on a man lying on the road, and on lifting it, I saw belonged Señor Although we Mendez. was wondering how it got there without the owner, and was looking around for him, I spied lying behind a boulder.
