It was to be hoped no harm had happened
to him!" Such was the burden of the conversation till--when at about an hour before midnight
the party broke up--Alessandro Malfi said, that to allay the anxiety of his wife, who was getting
extremely alarmed about her brother, he would walk as far as Forni--which was the name of Gaspar's
farm--to inquire what had become of him.

As Ripa's way lay in the same direction, they naturally started together; and after what appears
to have been a very silent walk--for the spirits of Giuseppe were so depressed that the other
found it impossible to draw him into conversation--they reached Forni, when, having rung the
bell, they were presently answered by Antonio Guerra, who put his head out of an upper window
to inquire who they were, and what they wanted.

"It is I, Alessandro Malfi. I want to know where your master is, and why he has not been to
my house this evening as he promised?"

"I thought he was there," said Antonio; "he set off from here to go soon after seven o'clock."

"That is most extraordinary!" returned Malfi; "what in the world can have become of him?"

"It is very strange, certainly," answered the servant; "he has never come home; and when you
rang I thought it was he returned from the party."

As there was no more to be learned, the two friends now parted; Malfi expressing considerable
surprise and some uneasiness at the non-appearance of his brother-in-law: whilst of Giuseppe
we hear nothing more till the following afternoon, when, whilst at work in his vineyard, he
was accosted by two officers of justice from Aquila, and he found himself arrested, under an
accusation of having waylaid Mendez in a mountain-pass on the preceding evening, and wounded
him, with the design of taking his life.

The first words Ripa uttered on hearing this impeachment--words that, like all the rest of
his behavior, told dreadfully against him--were: "Isn't he dead, then?"

"No thanks to you that he's not," replied the officer; "but he's alive, and likely to recover
to give evidence against his assassin."

"Dio!" cried Giuseppe, "I wish I'd known he wasn't dead!"

"You confess, then, that you wounded him with the intent to kill?"

"No," answered Ripa; "I confess no such thing. As I was going through the pass last night I
observed a man's hat lying a little off the road, and on lifting it, I saw it belonged to Señor
Mendez. Whilst I was wondering how it came there without the owner, and was looking about for
him, I spied him lying behind a boulder.
