I can only say that if this is to be our spirit we are indeed defeated. Where is our devotion
to manly sports, so potent in the moulding of our National character? What has become of our
immemorial Right to Look On? Where is our boasted liberty, deprived as we are now to be of
a chance to find the winner? What did WELLINGTON say of Waterloo? and MARLBOROUGH of Blenheim?
and BOTTOMLEY of the Battle of the Somme? By what perversity of reasoning are we thus to asphyxiate
the best instincts of our race?

We are said to be fighting for all that we hold sacred. Yet there is nothing that is held more
sacred in every cottage home throughout the land than the Preservation of our Bloodstock. Let
us not deceive ourselves. It is our supremacy in Bloodstock alone that makes possible the governess
car, the milk van, the brewer's dray, the very plough itself. These are fundamental facts.

It has been suggested that, in order to avoid the assembling of frivolous crowds in war-time,
races might be run in private. But that is quite impracticable. Only on the public racecourse
can the lofty virtues of our British Bloodstock be displayed. The exciting presence of the
crowd is absolutely essential to tune up its nerve and temper. Already our Bloodstock has suffered
cruelly from gaps in the Grand Stand.

Then again there are some who actually complain that petrol is consumed in large quantities
by those attending race meetings. Are we to put new heart into our enemies by letting it be
known that we are short of petrol?

And finally there are some who so little understand the qualities of the Thoroughbred as to
suggest that gambling should be stopped in war-time. The horse, unlike the Cabinet, is intelligent.
Can he be expected to exhibit his priceless qualities of speed and stamina if no one puts his
money up?

I need say no more. Such flippant legislation is bad enough at any time; during the Armageddon
period it is little short of treason. One wonders when our Government will begin to realise
that we are at war.

  I am,
  Yours helpfully, as usual,
  STATISTICIAN.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE DIARY OF A CO-ORDINATOR.

June 17th.--Flew in an aeroplane to Los Angeles and correlated the industrial functions of
the East and West. Returned to the White House for dinner, and co-ordinated grape juice with
lemonade and Perrier.

June 18th.--Breakfasted with HEARST and co-ordinated him for half-an-hour with the editor of
New York Life, a task needing the highest diplomatic qualities.
