I can only say that if this should be our spirit we are certainly defeated. Where is our devotion to the sport manly, so powerful in the molding of our national character? What has been our immemorial right to see it? Where is our boasted liberty, with serious shortcomings, we now have the opportunity to find the winner? What do WELLINGTON of Waterloo? Marlborough and Blenheim? BOTTOMLEY and the Battle of the Somme? As the perversity of reasoning are thus to squeeze the best instincts of our race?

He tells us to fight for everything that is sacred. However, there is nothing that holds more sacred in all households across the country cottages that the preservation of our bloodstock. Let us not deceive ourselves. It is our supremacy in the bloodstock only car that makes the governess, the milk truck, car of the brewer, single plow. These are fundamental facts.

It has been suggested that in order to avoid the crowds assembling frivolous in wartime, races could be run privately. But it is absolutely impracticable. Only at the racecourse public the virtues of our British bloodstock high on the screen. The presence thrilling the crowd is absolutely essential to bring about its nerve and temperament. And our bloodstock has suffered cruelly in the gaps in the Grand Stand.

Moreover there are some who actually complain that gasoline consumed in large quantities by those attending meetings of the race. Are we going to put heart back into making our enemies know that we are short of gasoline?

And finally there are some who understand so little the qualities of the thoroughbred as to suggest that the game must be stopped in time of war. The horse, unlike the cabinet, is intelligent. Can be expected to exhibit their valuable qualities of speed and endurance if nobody puts their money up?

I have to say anything more. Such frivolous legislation is bad enough at any time during the period of Armageddon is nothing short of treason. One wonders if our government begin to realize that we are at war.

I am, Yours kindly, as always, statistics.

* * * * *

THE DIARY OF A COORDINATOR.
