There exists a general opinion saying that we should not read Scripture with freedom of assenting or dissenting, just as we judge it agrees or disagrees with the light of nature and reason of things.' In a more direct way, he writes: 'Admit all for Scripture that tends to the honour of God, and nothing which does not.' In the end, he concludes by explaining the absolute identity of Christianity with natural religion. 'God never meant mankind to not have a religion, or to have an imperfect religion; there should have been since the beginning of the time a perfect religion, wich could be understood at all times. Christianity is this perfect, original religion.'

The climax of Deism is reached in this book. Even Toland or Collins had not raised such a sensation. One hundred and fifteen answers appeared. One of the most remarkable of those was Conybeare's 'Defence of Revealed Religion against "Christianity as old as the Creation."'In his work Conybeare discusses in cal and dignified, but at the same time luminous and impressive language, the important question which Tindal had raised. Acknowledging the element of truth wich Tindal's work contained, he shows the complications in which it is invovled. He also shows that the author had confused two distinct meanings of the phrase 'natural reason' or 'natural religion,' viz. (1) that which is founded on the nature and reason of things, and (2) that wich is discoverable by man's natural power of mind. Even more, Conybeare distinguishes between that which is perfect in its kind and that which is absolutely perfect. This amazing work is not very known in the present day. However, it was highly appreciated by Conybeare's contemporaries. The German historian of English Deism expresses in strong language his admiration of its excellence.(155)



But Tindal had even a stronger adversary than Conybeare. Butler's 'Analogy' deals with the arguments of 'Christianity as old as the Creation' more than with those of any other book. However, since this was not avowedly its object, and as it covered a far wider ground than Tindal did, embracing in fact the whole range of the Deistical controversy, it may perhaps be better to postpone the consideration of this masterpiece until the sequel.
