Everyone is of this opinion who says we are not to read
Scripture with freedom of assenting or dissenting, just as we judge it agrees or disagrees
with the light of nature and reason of things.' Coming more definitely to the way in which
we are to treat the written word, he writes: 'Admit all for Scripture that tends to the honour
of God, and nothing which does not.' Finally, he sums up by declaring in yet plainer words
the absolute identity of Christianity with natural religion. 'God never intended mankind should
be without a religion, or could ordain an imperfect religion; there must have been from the
beginning a religion most perfect, which mankind at all times were capable of knowing; Christianity
is this perfect, original religion.'

In this book Deism reaches its climax. The sensation which it created was greater than even
Toland or Collins had raised. No less than one hundred and fifteen answers appeared, one of
the most remarkable of which was Conybeare's 'Defence of Revealed Religion against "Christianity
as old as the Creation."' Avoiding the scurrility and personality which characterised and marred
most of the works written on both sides of the question, Conybeare discusses in calm and dignified,
but at the same time luminous and impressive language, the important question which Tindal
had raised. Doing full justice to the element of truth which Tindal's work contained, he unravels
the complications in which it is involved, shows that the author had confused two distinct
meanings of the phrase 'natural reason' or 'natural religion,' viz. (1) that which is founded
on the nature and reason of things, and (2) that which is discoverable by man's natural power
of mind, and distinguishes between that which is perfect in its kind and that which is absolutely
perfect. This powerful work is but little known in the present day. But it was highly appreciated
by Conybeare's contemporaries, and the German historian of English Deism hardly knows how to
find language strong enough to express his admiration of its excellence.[155]

But Tindal had the honour of calling forth a still stronger adversary than Conybeare. Butler's
'Analogy' deals with the arguments of 'Christianity as old as the Creation' more than with
those of any other book; but as this was not avowedly its object, and as it covered a far wider
ground than Tindal did, embracing in fact the whole range of the Deistical controversy, it
will be better to postpone the consideration of this masterpiece until the sequel.
