"Did anyone else had ever held it in this way?"

"No, this would probably be the first time it happened"

"But wouldn't you know what this is suppossed to do?"

"Yeah, I do. I use it to urinate."

She giggled, and asked if it is always used to be this rigid.

"I find it so every morning I wake up, and it hurts a lot till I finish urinating."

"And did no one ever told you any other kind of usage for it?"

"No, what else could it be used for?"

"Oh dear lad, if I could trust you, I could show you an another way of exploiting this thing at its best. But can I trust you?"

"Yeah sure, Miss Frankland, I'd know that you meant the exhuberant sensations you provided me some minutes ago. Oh yes, do it again, it was too good to confess to anybody, as long as you will do it for me."

"Ok, Charles, I trust you. Did you know, that women are disparate from you?"

"Yeah, I used to sleep in mom's room, and I'd often been perplexed seeing the way she urinated from a long hole, and never had a doodle like I did."

"Oh my Charlie, that long hole stays there to take this throbbing thing in, and if you'd just promise me sincerely, I will show you the way it's done."

You can be sure of my protestations of secrecy that they would be earnest. 

"Down here my boy, and have a look at what I have in between my legs."

"Laying back on her long chair, she drew up her petticoats to show off a wealth of hair she had, to my charmed gaze. I opened her legs and saw her wide-spread pink lips very much contrasting to the coal-black hair that grew abundantly around her lower lips, extending a few more inches down into the sides of her thighs. At that moment, my mind was totally submerged at her deep red clitoris protruding stiffly from the upper part of her cunt as thick and as long as a man's middle finger. I almost fell for the sight that stood in front of me, but luckily I was able to maintain the same ignorance I've been showing till now, and then I said "You do have a little doodle you can urinate through?"
