
"Has anyone else ever held it in this way?"

"No, I never felt anything like it before."

"But don't you know what this is meant to do?"

"Oh, yes, it is what I piddle from."

She laughed, and asked if it was often in its present state of stiffness.

"Every morning when I awake it is so, and it hurts me very much until I piddle."

"And has no one ever taught you any other use of it?"

"No, what use can it be of?"

"You dear innocent boy, if I could trust you, I would teach you a secret that this dear thing
would greatly enjoy. But can I trust you?"

"Oh, certainly, dear Miss Frankland, I know what you mean now, to repeat the delicious sensations
you gave me a few minutes ago. Oh, do, do! do it again, it was far too nice for me ever to
tell anybody, as long as you will do it for me."

"Well, Charles, I will trust you. Do you know that women are differently formed from you?"

"Yes, I used to sleep in mamma's room, and I have often been surprised to see that she piddled
from a long hole, and had not got a doodle like I have to piddle from."

"My dear innocent Charlie, that long hole was made to take in this dear fellow here that is
throbbing almost to bursting in my hand, and if you promise me faithfully never to tell any
one, I will teach you how it is done."

You may be sure my protestations of secrecy were most earnest.

"Look here then, my dear boy, and see what I have got between my legs."

She laid herself back on the long chair, drew up her petticoats, and exhibited to my charmed
gaze the wondrous wealth of hair she possessed. Opening her legs, I saw the wide-spread rosy
lips showing themselves in beautiful contrast to the coal-black hair that grew in the greatest
profusion all round the lower lips, and extended also some five or six inches down the side
of each thigh. But what at the moment most astonished me, and drew all my attention, was to
see a deep red clitoris standing out from the upper part of her cunt quite stiff, and as long
and as thick as the middle finger of a man. I very nearly betrayed myself at the sight, but,
fortunately, was able to keep up the character of apparent ignorance I had hitherto shown,
and said--"You, also, have got a little doodle to piddle with?"
