I plant nothing in a bearing orchard. Windbreaks would
be beneficial on the south to protect the orchard from the hot south winds. I would make it
of walnut trees, because they sap the ground the least. To protect them from the borers, I
leave the branches low down, and when we see any sawdust I dig him out with a knife. I prune
very little with knife and saw to balance the trees. I do not thin the fruit on the trees.
Some say if you expect to get a load of apples from a tree you must give it a load of manure
every time it bears, and I think this is right, but don't put it too close to the tree. I pasture
my orchard with nothing but poultry; it is not advisable; it makes the ground too hard. Codling-moth
troubles my apples very much. I do not spray. I sell apples in the orchard; peddle the best
ones; make cider and vinegar of the culls. Don't dry any for market--just enough for family
use. Prices have been from forty to seventy-five cents per bushel.

       *       *       *       *       *

A. M. ENGLE, Moonlight, Dickinson county: I have lived in Kansas nineteen years. Have an orchard
of 600 apple trees ten to eighteen years old. For commercial orchard I prefer Ben Davis, Rawle's
Janet, Missouri Pippin, and Winesap. I prefer bottom or low land with a dark loam, and a north
or northeast aspect. I prefer stout, low-headed, two-year-old trees, planted sixteen or eighteen
feet east and west and thirty or thirty-two feet north and south. I think an orchard ought
to have as much cultivation as a corn-field. I grow early corn in my young orchard, using an
Acme and cutaway harrow, and cultivate as for corn. I cease cropping when fairly bearing. Plant
nothing in a bearing orchard unless for fertilizing, but keep cultivating. Windbreaks are essential;
would make them of evergreen, box-elder, Osage orange, maples, cottonwood, etc. For rabbits
I rub the trees with axle grease, or tar and fish oil, or old lard, mixed; apply with a cloth.
For borers I wash with lye or strong soap-suds. I prune my trees severely when planting, and
watch them for several years, and cut out all branches that rub or crowd, and cut out buds
so that the tree will not have too many limbs for foundation; I think it pays.
