I have nothing to plant an orchard gate. Paravânturi would be beneficial to protect the orchard south of the hot south winds. I would make the nuts, because why sap the least. To protect them from the wells, leaving the lower branches, and when we see any sawdust I remove with a knife. I plum little knife and saw to balance trees. I do not thin fruit trees. Some say that if you expect to get a load of apples from a tree must give you a load of manure each time it wears, and I think this is correct, but not put it too close tree. I have my orchard grass with nothing but poultry is not recommended, is ground too hard. Codling moth troubles, my apples very much. I do not spray. I sell apples in the orchard; peddler best, make apple cider vinegar and culls. Do not dry any marketplace - enough for family use. Prices have been forty to seventy-five cents per bushel.

* * * * *

PM Engle, Moonlight, Dickinson County: nineteen years I lived in Kansas. Have an apple orchard of 600 ten to eighteen years. For commercial orchard like Ben Davis, Rawle's Janet, Missouri Pippin, and Winesap. Rather low bottom land or a dark loam, and look north or northeast. I prefer the rugged, small head, trees two years, sixteen or eighteen feet planted east and west and thirty or thirty-two meters north and south. I think an orchard should be cultivated as much as a field of corn. We grow corn in the orchard early in my youth, and Acme Harrow using a cutaway, and cultivated as maize. I cease harvesting when wearing enough. nothing of plants in an orchard bearing except for fertilizer, but keep growing. Paravânturi are essential, would be of Evergreen, large box, Osage orange, maple, Cottonwood, etc. I rub trees rabbit with axle grease, tar and fish oil, lard or old, mixed, apply with a cloth . For probes I wash with lye soap or strong-foam. I prune my trees when planting seriously, and watch them for several years, and cut all the branches that rub or crowd, and cut tree buds, so you do not have too many for foundation members, I think it pays.
