I plant something in a bearing orchard. Windbreak would be beneficial to the south to protect the planting of the warm south wind. I walnut trees because the soil sap at least. To protect them from borers, let the lower branches and when we see him digging the sawdust with a knife. I cut very little with the knife and took charge of tree balance. Do not dilute the fruit trees. Some say that if you expect to get a load of apples from a tree, give it a load of manure each time the bear, and I think this is great, but do not put it near the tree. I will feed my plantation with nothing but poultry is not recommended, which makes the ground too hard. Codling moth-problems my apples a lot. No spray. Buy apples in the orchard to sell their best, make cider and vinegar of the sacrifices. Dare any market - use just enough for the family. The prices are 40-75 cents per bushel.

* * * * *

A.M.ENGLE , Moonlight, Dickinson County: I have lived in nineteen years of Kansas. Has an orchard of 600 apple trees 10-18 years of age. In commercial orchard prefer Ben Davis, Janet Rawls, Missouri Pippin, and Winesap. I prefer the lower ground floor with a limo or dark, and a north or northeast aspect. I'd rather robust and low led by two years old trees, planted sixteen or eighteen feet east and west and the feet of thirty or thirty-two to the north and south. I think you should have a garden to cultivate both the corn fields. I maize planting early in my youth with a harrow Acme and sectioned, and worship as for maize. I stop pruning, when instead of rent. Garden plant fertilization nothing less than important, but still growing. Windbreak is essential that would always green, older Case, Osage orange, Maples, Cottonwood, etc. For rabbits rub trees with axle grease or tar and oil or butter-old, mixed, apply with a cloth . For me wash boring with bleach or strong soap suds. Seriously prune my trees when planting, and watch them for several years, and cut all the branches that rub the taste and quantity, and cut so the tree will not have too many members of the foundation, I think it's worth.
