There are very few, I should rather say no, legal
fictions in the Scotch law of the nature alluded to by your correspondent.

SCOTUS.

Sculptured Emaciated Figures (Vol. v., p 497.; Vol. vi. passim).--In Dickinson's Antiquities
of Nottinghamshire, vol. i. p. 171., is a notice with an engraving of a tomb in Holme Church,
near Southwell, bearing a sculptured emaciated figure of a youth evidently in the last stage
of consumption, round which is this inscription: "Miseremini mei, miseremini mei, saltem vos
amici mei, quia manus Domini tetigit me."

J. P., JUN.

Do the Sun's Rays put out the Fire (Vol. vii., p. 285.).--It is known that solar light contains
three distinct kinds of rays, which, when decomposed by a prism, form as many spectra, varying
in properties as well as in position, viz. luminous, heating or calorific, and chemical or
actinic rays.

The greater part of the rays of heat are even less refrangible than the least refrangible rays
of light, while the chemical rays are more refrangible than either. The latter are so called
from their power of inducing many chemical changes, such as the decomposition of water by chlorine,
and the reactions upon which photographic processes depend.

The relative quantities of these several kinds of rays in sun-light varies with the time of
day, the season, and the latitude of any spot. In general, where the luminous and heating rays
are most abundant, the proportion of chemical rays is least; and, in fact, the two seem antagonistic
to each other. Thus, near the equator, the luminous and calorific rays being most powerful,
the chemical are feeble, as is shown by the length of time required for the production of photographic
pictures. Hence, also, June and July are the worst months for the practice of photography,
and better results are obtained before noon than after.

It is precisely for a similar reason that the combustion of an ordinary fire, being strictly
a chemical change, is retarded whenever the sun's heating and luminous rays are most powerful,
as during bright {440} sunshine, and that observe our fires to burn more briskly in summer
than winter; in fact, that apparently "the sun's rays put out the fire."

A. W. W.

Univ. Coll., London.
