There are very few that I should say not, legal fictions Scottish law of nature referred to by your correspondent.

Escoto.

Emaciated figures carved vi (Vol. V, p. 497., Vol. passim) .-- In Nottinghamshire Dickinson Antiquities, vol. i. p. 171., Is a sign with an engraving of a tomb in Holme Church, near Southwell, having a carved figure of a gaunt young man, obviously in the last stage of consumption, around which is inscribed: "Miseremini mei, miseremini mei, you saltem amici mei, quia manus Domini tetigit me. "

J. P., June

Sunbeam does not extinguish the fire (vol. VII., P. 285 .).-- is known that sunlight contains three kinds of rays, which, when decomposed by a prism, how many different, which vary in properties as well as in position, viz. light heating, or heating power, and chemical or actinic rays.

Most of the heat rays are even less refrangible light rays to at least refrangible, while the chemical rays are more refrangible both. These latter are of the power of inducing many chemical changes, such as the decomposition of water by chlorine, and the reactions depend on which photographic processes.

The relative amounts of these different types of rays in sunlight varies with time of day, season and latitude of any place. In general, when light rays and heat are more abundant, the proportion of chemical rays is less, and indeed, the two seem antagonistic to one another. Thus, near Ecuador, luminous and calorific rays more potent, the chemical are weak, as evidenced by the amount of time required for production of photographic images. Hence, too, June and July are the worst months for the practice of photography, and perform better than before midday after.

It is precisely for a similar reason that the combustion of an ordinary fire, being strictly a chemical change is delayed each time the sun's heat and light rays are more powerful, as brilliant at (440) sun, and who observe our fires to burn more energy in winter with summer, in fact, apparently "put the sun's rays fire."

A. W. W.

Univ Coll., London.
