This flood is temporary; the waters soon subside into
their ordinary channel, and the trees once more appear growing out of terra firma, with the
green mead spreading on all sides around them. But a flooded forest is a very different affair;
somewhat similar in character indeed, but far grander. Not a mere spinney of trees along the
bank of a small stream; but a region extending beyond the reach of vision,--a vast tract of
primeval woods,--the tall trees submerged to their very tops, not for days, nor weeks, but
for months,--ay, some of them forever! Picture to your mind an inundation of this kind, and
you will have some idea of the Gapo.

Extending for seventeen hundred miles along the banks of the Solimoës, now wider on the northern,
now stretching farther back from the southern side, this semi-submerged forest is found, its
interior almost as unknown as the crater-like caverns of the moon, or the icy oceans that storm
or slumber round the Poles,--unknown to civilized man, but not altogether to the savage. The
aboriginal of Amazonia, crouching in his canoe, has pierced this water-land of wonders. He
could tell you much about it that is real, and much that is marvellous,--the latter too often
pronounced fanciful by lettered savans. He could tell you of strange trees that grow there,
bearing strange fruits, not to be found elsewhere,--of wonderful quadrupeds, and quadrumana,
that exist only in the Gapo,--of birds brilliantly beautiful, and reptiles hideously ugly;
among the last the dreaded dragon serpent, "Sucuriyu." He could tell you, moreover, of creatures
of his own kind,--if they deserve the name of man,--who dwell continuously in the flooded forest,
making their home on scaffolds among the tree-tops, passing from place to place in floating
rafts or canoes, finding their subsistence on fish, on the flesh of the manatee, on birds,
beasts, reptiles, and insects, on the stalks of huge water-plants and the fruits of undescribed
trees, on monkeys, and sometimes upon man! Such Indians as have penetrated the vast water-land
have brought strange tales out of it. We may give credence to them or refuse it; but they,
at least, are firm believers in most of the accounts which they have collected.
