This  inundate  is temporary; the waters  shortly  subside into their  commonplace   conduit,  and the trees  one time  more  emerge   increasing  out of terra firma, with the green mead  dispersing  on all  edges   round  them. But a  inundated   plantation  is a very  distinct  affair;  rather   alike  in  feature   really,  but far grander. Not a  meagre  spinney of trees along the bank of a  little  stream; but a  district   expanding   after  the  come to  of vision,--a  huge  tract of primeval woods,--the  big  trees submerged to their very  peaks,  not for days,  neither  weeks, but for months,--ay, some of them forever! Picture to your  brain  an inundation of this kind, and you will have some  concept  of the Gapo.

Extending for seventeen century miles along the banks of the Solimoës, now broader on the to the north, now extending more distant back from the south edge, this semi-submerged plantation is discovered, its central nearly as unidentified as the crater-like caverns of the moon, or the icy seas that gale or slumber around the Poles,--unknown to civilized man, but not entirely to the savage. The aboriginal of Amazonia, crouching in his canoe, has pierced this water-land of wonders. He could notify you much about it that is genuine, and much that is marvellous,--the last cited too often spoke fanciful by lettered savans. He could notify you of odd trees that augment there, bearing odd fruits, not to be discovered elsewhere,--of magnificent quadrupeds, and quadrumana, that live only in the Gapo,--of birds glaringly attractive, and reptiles hideously ugly; amidst the last the feared dragon serpent, "Sucuriyu." He could notify you, furthermore, of animals of his own kind,--if they warrant the title of man,--who dwell relentlessly in the inundated plantation, producing their dwelling on scaffolds amidst the tree-tops, transient from location to location in bobbing rafts or canoes, finding their subsistence on fish, on the body material of the manatee, on birds, beasts, reptiles, and bugs, on the stalks of gigantic water-plants and the fruits of undescribed trees, on monkeys, and occasionally upon man! Such Indians as have penetrated the huge water-land have conveyed odd tales out of it. We may give credence to them or deny it; but they, not less than, are firm believers in most of the anecdotes which they have collected.
