It some such fashion the periodic strokes of the smaller ether waves accumulate,
till the atoms on which their timed impulses impinge are jerked asunder, and what we call chemical
decomposition ensues.

Savart was the first to show the influence of musical sounds upon liquid jets, and I have now
to describe an experiment belonging to this class, which bears upon the present question. From
a screw-tap in my little Alpine kitchen I permitted, an hour ago, a vein of water to descend
into a trough, so arranging the flow that the jet was steady and continuous from top to bottom.
A slight diminution of the orifice caused the continuous portion of the vein to shorten, the
part further down resolving itself into drops. In my experiment, however, the vein, before
it broke, was intersected by the bottom of the trough. Shouting near the descending jet produced
no sensible effect upon it. The higher notes of the voice, however powerful, were also ineffectual.
But when the voice was lowered to about 130 vibrations a second, the feeblest utterance of
this note sufficed to shorten, by one half, the continuous portion of the jet. The responsive
drops ran along the vein, pattered against the trough, and scattered a copious spray round
their place of impact. When the note ceased, the continuity and steadiness of the vein were
immediately restored. The formation of the drops was here periodic; and when the vibrations
of the note accurately synchronized with the periods of the drops, the waves of sound aided
what Plateau has proved to be the natural tendency of the liquid cylinder to resolve itself
into spherules, and virtually decomposed the vein.

I have stated, without proof, that where absorption occurs, the motion of the ether-waves is
taken up by the constituent atoms of molecules. It is conceivable that the ether-waves, in
passing through an assemblage of molecules, might deliver up their motion to each molecule
as a whole, leaving the relative positions of the constituent atoms unchanged. But the long
series of reactions, represented by the deportment of nitrite of amyl vapor, does not favor
this conception; for, were the atoms animated solely by a common motion, the molecules would
not be decomposed.
