Prof. S. F. BAIRD: 

Sir: I have just visited the fish market and a crew was bringing in their fish from one of the "traps." A perceptible and unusual characteristic of the fishery this year is the great numbers of young salmon caught, particularly at the Vineyard, even though some few are caught daily at Sconticut Neck (mouth of our river). Rumor has it that two diverse ages of them. Frequently about 2 pounds in weight (about as long as a large mackerel) and about one-half as many weighing from 6 to 8 pounds; intermittently one larger. One last week weighed 33 pounds and one 18 pounds. The fishermen think they are the infantile of those with which some of our rivers have been stocked, as nothing of the variety has occurred in past years at all like this. 

JOHN H. THOMSON.
 
Prof SPENCER F. BAIRD: 

SIR: I received yours. I have examined carefully since your letter, but no salmon have been taken. The scuttle was about the two first weeks in May and a few the last of April. Mr. Bassett had about 30 to 35 from the trap at Menimpsha, and 10 or 12 from Sconticut Neck, the opening of our river. Mr. Bartlett, at his fish market, had about one dozen; 12 from the traps close to the opening of Slocum's River, six miles west of here, and I have heard of two taken at mouth of Westport River. 

As to the meticulous species, I do not get any consistent information, as so few of our fishermen know anything about salmon, and actually the men from the traps on Sconticut Neck did not make out what the fish were. 

JOHN H. THOMSON.
 
* * * * * * 

FISHING ITEMS. "A ten-pound salmon and seventeen tautog, weighing over one hundred pounds, were taken from the weirs of Magnolia, Thursday night. This is the first salmon caught off Cape Ann for greater than thirty years. On Saturday morning three more large salmon were taken and 150 large mackerel. The fishermen are highly ecstatic at the prospect of salmon catching." (Cape Ann Advertiser, June 6, 1879.) 

* * * * * * 

[Postscript to a epistel from Monroe A. Green, New York State Fishery Commission, to Fred Mather, June 9, 1879.] 

"P. S.--Kennebec salmon caught to-day in the Hudson River at Bath near Albany weighing twelve and a half pounds, sold for 40 cents per pound.
