To Prof. S.F. Baird:

Dear Sir,
I have gone to the fish market just now to see the fishing crew bring up their catch from one of their traps. It is a strange phenomenon to observe that many young salmon are caught this year. Few young salmon are caught daily at Sconticut Neck, the mouth of our river but recently, many of them have been caught.They range from two pounds to thirty-three pounds in weight and are of two different ages. Generally half of them weigh two pounds and the other half weigh about six to eight pounds. Last week, one whopper weighing thirty-three pounds was caught, while another catch was all of eighteen pounds. The fishermen at the fishery, The Vineyard, noted that these fish could have been the young of those salmon which are found in some of our rivers.

From John H. Thomson

To Prof. Spencer F. Baird:

Dear Sir,
I have received your letter and followed your instruction to check if any salmon has been caught in the fish traps. It seems none of them has been caught. From the end of April to the first two weeks in May, Mr Bassett has thirty to thirty-five fish in the trap at Menimpsha, and ten to twelve fish from Sconticut Neck, the mouth of our river. Mr Bartlett had about a dozen fish caught in the traps near Slocum's rivermouth which is six miles west from here and two fish caught at the mouth of Westport River.

I cannot ascertain if any of the fish in the traps could have been salmon since few of the fishermen know anything about this type of fish, especially those fishermen from Sconticut Neck.  

From John H. Thomson

******
A ten-pound salmon and seventeen tautog, of more than one hundred pounds were caught in the weirs of Magnolia on Thursday night. For over thirty years in Cape Ann, this has been the first salmon to be caught. Three more big salmon and a hundred and fifty large mackerel were caught on Saturday morning. The fishermen are hopeful of catching more salmon in the near future.
Cape Ann Advertiser, June 6, 1879
******* 
P.S. a 12.5-pound Kennebec salmon is caught today in the Hudson River at Bath near Albany and sold for forty cents per pound.
-adapted from a letter from Monroe A.Green, New York State Fishery Commission, to Fred Mather June 9,1879.
