It was deep and sincere tone - rich and smooth, yet exciting, after fifty years of poverty and toil. "The ID is enough that id thim!" She said with a curious air of satisfaction and reflectiveness.

"How many children?" I asked.

She laughed and blushed, though she was old and deep pride and joy and love shone in her large, clear eyes, gray.

"I have fourteen darlins, thank God for WAN ivery of thim And is parthy purrty are!"

"Fourteen!" I exclaimed: - "how wonderful!" I stopped short and blushed. My heart has spoken. "But how" - I stopped again.

BlackBerry-old woman answered with tears and smiles. What a deep, rich, loving heart was covered from view in her sordid life! Makes me proud that my heart and I felt my love for her in some way, and she saw, too.

"A" is yersilf, Ma'm, which has yez own mother's heart, to be sure that "I can see it in your eyes, Ma'm! But it is very limited thruth intirely! I do to see" This lady is not happy at all for childher dear that I am his, and sure it's sthrange, Ma'm! Indade was happy to have done is cry "over a WAN ivery" my children and I could aisy laughs of pain, Ma'm and secure! now is crying: "I am coming soon, because you have no more!"

Dear, beautiful, dirty old woman! I cried and laughed with her, and I bought ten times as many blackberries as I wanted, and Mrs. O'Reilly and I were fast friends.

She and her her "Ould man", her children and her daughters were thenceforth our contention ready and committed, skilful and effective in all sorts of services, generally, any return recognizing that we could do, respectfully and self-respect, true men and women in their place, not unfit for a higher and showing their behavior as a minor.

Came and went with us for a long time, casual employment until, with prefaces and elaborate circumlocutions doubtful apologetics, shy and hesitant, Ms. O'Reilly has succeeded in her petition that she preferred her youngest, Bridget , by name - there were some junior boys - could be taken as a servant in my family. I asked the old woman a few questions about her daughter's experiences and attainments in gifts and household savings could not remember her, thought I saw all childher "found that she was living with Mrs. Deacon Adams, and had not been at my house. It was just for the sake of form that I catechized, Bridget came, of course.
