It was in the deep and sincere tone - rich, smooth and exciting yet, after fifty years of poverty and labor. "And identification is sufficient Thim is on it!" added with a curious air of satisfaction and reflection.

"How many children do you have?" I asked.

She laughed and blushed, though she was old and deep pride and joy and love shone in her large eyes, light gray.

"I have fourteen darling, thank God for the Thim Ivery wan! And it's a purrty Parthy are!"

"Fourteen!" I exclaimed, - "How beautiful!" I stopped short and blushed. My heart had spoken. "But how" - I interrupted again.

The arrears of the old woman said to me with tears and smiles. Which deep, rich, loving heart was covered out of sight in your life miserable! I am proud that I felt my heart and my love for a certain level that it, and she saw it, too.

"And it yersilf, madam, very heart of the mother in yez, indeed! An "I can see in your eyes, lady! But the truth is mighty scarce intirely, I seein The ladies who are not happy at all with childher ladies they're angry, and make sure it is sthrange, ma'am! Inward, as with joy that he did most of Cryin 'or Ivery wan' me baby and I could laugh at the pain AISYS, ma'am! And now it's Cryin 'I'm early, because I want more! "

Mine, beautiful women, old and dirty! I cried and laughed with her and I bought ten times as many berries as I wanted, and Mrs. O'Reilly and I were good friends.

She and her his "Ould man, his sons and his daughters were now our early retainers and dedicated, skilled and efficient in all types of services, generous in the recognition of any changes we could make them respect and self-respect, true men and women in their place is not suitable for a high and show the same for their behavior in at least one.

They entered and left us for a long time in informal employment until the draft Regulations and dubious euphemisms apologetic, timid and hesitant, Ms. O'Reilly was able to prefer her prayer that her youngest daughter, Bridget, by name - There were not a couple of young boys, perhaps - take in my family as a maid. I asked old questions about his daughter's experience and skills in home decorating and economies could not remember, I thought I had seen all childher "discovered that she had lived with Mrs. Deacon Adams, and had been my home. It was just to make sure catechized, Bridget was, of course.
