It was deep of intonation and heartfelt,--rich and smooth
and thrilling yet, after fifty years of poverty and toil. "And id's enough of thim that's in
id!" she added, with a curious air of satisfaction and reflectiveness.

"How many children have you?" I inquired.

She laughed and blushed, old woman though she was; and pride and deep delight and love shone
in her large, clear, gray eyes.

"I've fourteen darlins, thank God for ivery wan of thim! And it's a purrty parthy they are!"

"Fourteen!" I exclaimed,--"how lovely!" I stopped short and blushed. My heart had spoken. "But
how "--I stopped again.

The old blackberry-woman answered me with tears and smiles. What a deep, rich, loving heart
was covered out of sight in her squalid life! It makes me proud that I felt my heart and my
love in some measure like hers; and she saw it, too.

"An' it's yersilf, Ma'm, that has the mother's own heart in yez, to be sure! An' I can see
it in your eyes, Ma'm! But it's the thruth it's mighty scarce intirely! I do be seein' the
ladies that's not glad at all for the dear childher that's sint 'em, and sure it's sthrange,
Ma'm! Indade, it was with the joy I did be cryin' over ivery wan o' me babies; and I could
aisy laugh at the pain, Ma'm! And sure now it's cryin' I am betimes because I'll have no more!"

The dear, beautiful, dirty old woman! I cried and laughed with her, and I bought ten times
as many blackberries as I wanted; and Mrs. O'Reilly and I were fast friends.

She and hers, her "ould man," her sons and her daughters, were thenceforth our ready and devoted
retainers, dexterous and efficient in all manner of service, generous in acknowledging any
return that we could make them; respectful and self-respectful; true men and women in their
place, not unfit for a higher, and showing the same by their demeanor in a low one.

They came in and went out among us for a long time, in casual employments, until, with elaborate
prefaces and doubtful apologetic circumlocutions, shyly and hesitatingly, Mrs. O'Reilly managed
to prefer her petition that her youngest girl, Bridget, by name,--there were a few junior boys,--might
be taken into my family as a servant. I asked the old woman a few questions about her daughter's
experiences and attainments in the household graces and economies; could not remember her;
thought I had seen all the "childher"; found that she had been living with Mrs. Deacon Adams,
and had not been at my house. It was only for form's sake that I catechized; Bridget came,
of course.
