It is certainly a large part of Finnish life, and these in addition to massage women who work for next to nothing, and are only to peasant women, it is now all over Finland, highly trained masseuses, or as they want to be called "ill-gymnasts."

The University argues courses lasting three years, training as "ill-gymnasts" and students are often the best ladies and their families. Valid "ill-gymnast" is often not a viable practice, and may make an annual 10 000 marks or more.

Women's physical development is given high status of the school curriculum in Finland, as instanced at the Olympics in Stockholm in 1912, when a group of Finnish girls showing their suppleness of body and gymnastics skills, the traditions of southern Greece has skillfully maintained the day in Finland in the north.

Should not leave the matter of women in Finland to interfere when their achievements in literature and the sister arts.

As soon as a woman writer, Sarah was Wacklin (1790-1846), who has left a valuable record of life in Finland the first years of the nineteenth century. His successor raised the issue of women's rights and their liberation, and operates Mrs. Fredrika Runeberg (1807-1879) and Miss Adelaide Ehrnroth as well as the arguments cause the most strongly not only the articles and brochures, but high-quality novels.

Since then, many women have entered their names roll in the literature, and, strangely, the two girls I chaperoned via Finland - and of course married I could work apron - was so inspired by the work of writing and its many interests, both left the pen later, and one is known to-day Paul Waineman, and other than Baroness Léonie Aminoff.

When we went we had hoped to meet in Kuopio Canth Minna, Finland one of the first writers in the country, whose powers playwright we had learned at Sordavala. We asked how he lived, and said that he was a fabric store.

In Finland, every second is in some way, and all the work has to be honored, the trader is equally precious.

Minna Canth man died a few years ago, and leaves the family, she started this store, and certainly, when he realized that she was a woman of children with the care that he wrote a lot - and we know will take time - it is wonderful how he could find energy and free time to take care of his shop.
