It is certainly a great feature of Finnish life; and
in addition to these massage women, who work for next to nothing, and who are merely peasant
women, there are now everywhere in Finland highly trained masseuses, or, as they prefer to
be called, "sick-gymnasts."

The University maintains courses, lasting for three years, for the training of such "sick-gymnasts,"
and the pupils are very often ladies from the best families. A qualified "sick-gymnast" often
gets a remunerative practice, and may make an annual income of 10,000 marks or more.

The physical development of women is given a high place in the school curriculum in Finland,
as was instanced in the Olympic games at Stockholm in 1912, when a group of Finnish girls proved
by their suppleness of body and gymnastic proficiency that the traditions of Southern Greece
are ably maintained to-day in Finland in the North.

One must not leave the subject of women in Suomi without touching upon their achievements in
literature and the sister arts.

The earliest woman writer was Sarah Wacklin (1790-1846), who has left a valuable record of
Finnish life in the first years of the nineteenth century. Her successors took up the question
of the rights of women, and their emancipation; and the works of Mrs. Fredrika Runeberg (1807-1879)
and Miss Adelaide Ehrnroth both set forth the arguments of the cause most strongly, not only
in articles and pamphlets, but in novels of a high standard.

Since then many women have entered their names on the roll of the country's literature, and,
strangely enough, the two girls I chaperoned through Finland--for, of course, being married
I could act as a chaperone--were so inspired by the work of writing and its manifold interests,
that both of them took to the pen later, and one is known to-day as Paul Waineman, and the
other as Baroness Léonie Aminoff.

When we went to Kuopio we hoped to meet Minna Canth, one of the first Finnish writers in the
country, whose powers as a dramatist we had learnt at Sordavala. We inquired where she lived,
and found that she had a drapery store.

Every one in Finland works in some way, and, all work being considered honourable, the shopkeeper
is equal to the noble.

Minna Canth's husband died some years ago, and being left with a family, she started this store,
and certainly, when one realised that she was a woman with children to look after, that she
wrote much--which we know takes time--it is perfectly wonderful how she could find energy and
leisure to look after her shop.
