Évariste has vowed never again to mention Monsieur
de Chassagne's name, and for two years now he has not breathed one word of him or of you. But
his feelings have not altered; you know him, he can never forgive you."

"But, mother, as Fortuné has married me ... in London...."

The poor mother threw up her eyes and hands:

"Fortuné is an aristocrat, an émigré, and that is cause enough to make Évariste treat him as
an enemy."

"Mother, give me a direct answer. Do you mean that if I ask him to go to the Public Prosecutor
and the Committee of General Security and take the necessary steps to save Fortuné's life,
do you mean that he will not consent?... But, mother, he would be a monster if he refused!"

"My child, your brother is an honest man and a good son. But do not ask him, oh! do not ask
him to intercede for Monsieur de Chassagne.... Listen to me, Julie. He does not confide his
thoughts to me and, no doubt, I should not be competent to understand them ... but he is a
juror; he has principles; he acts as his conscience dictates. Do not ask him anything, Julie."

"Ah! I see you know him now. You know that he is cold, callous, that he is a bad man, that
ambition and vainglory are his only guides. And you always loved him better than me. When we
lived together, all three of us, you set him up as my pattern to copy. His staid demeanour
and grave speech impressed you; you thought he possessed all the virtues. And me, me you always
blamed, you gave me all the vices, because I was frank and free, and because I climbed trees.
You could never endure me. You loved nobody but him. There, I hate him, your model Évariste;
he is a hypocrite."

"Hush, Julie! I have been a good mother to you as well as to him. I had you taught a trade.
It has been no fault of mine that you are not an honest woman and did not marry in your station.
I loved you tenderly and I love you still. I forgive you and I love you. But do not speak ill
of Évariste. He is a good son. He has always taken care of me. When you left me, my child,
when you abandoned your trade and forsook your shop, to go and live with Monsieur de Chassagne,
what would have become of me without him? I should have died of hunger and wretchedness."

"Do not talk so, mother; you know very well we would have cherished you with all affection,
Fortuné and I, if you had not turned your face from us, at Évariste's instigation. Never tell
me! he is incapable of a kindly action. It was to make me odious in your eyes that he made
a pretence of caring for you.
