
From early youth, young Churchill was distinguished by the elegance of his manners and the
beauty of his countenance and figure--advantages which, coupled with the known loyal principles
of his father, and the sufferings he had undergone in the royal cause, procured for him, at
the early age of fifteen, the situation of page in the household of the Duke of York, afterwards
James II. His inclination for arms was then so decided, that that prince procured for him a
commission in one of the regiments of guards when he was only sixteen years old. His uncommonly
handsome figure then attracted no small share of notice from the beauties of the court of Charles
II., and even awakened a passion in one of the royal mistresses herself. Impatient to signalize
himself, however, he left their seductions, and embarked as a volunteer in the expedition against
Tangiers in 1766. Thus his first essay in arms was made in actions against the Moors. Having
returned to Great Britain, he attracted the notice of the Countess of Castlemaine, afterwards
Duchess of Cleveland, then the favorite mistress of Charles II., who had distinguished him
by her regard before he embarked for Africa, and who made him a present of £5000, with which
the young soldier bought an annuity of £500 a-year, which laid the foundation, says Chesterfield,
of all his subsequent fortunes. Charles, to remove a dangerous rival in her unsteady affections,
gave him a company in the guards, and sent him to the Continent with the auxiliary force which,
in those days of English humiliation, the cabinet of St James's furnished to Louis XIV. to
aid him in subduing the United Provinces. Thus, by a singular coincidence, it was under Turenne,
Condé, and Vauban that the future conqueror of the Bourbons first learned the art of scientific
warfare. Wellington went through the same discipline, but in the inverse order: his first campaigns
were made against the French in Flanders, his next against the bastions of Tippoo and the Mahratta
horse in Hindostan.

Churchill had not been long in Flanders, before his talents and gallantry won for him deserved
distinction. The campaign of 1672, which brought the French armies to the gates of Amsterdam,
and placed the United States within a hair's-breadth of destruction, was to him fruitful in
valuable lessons. He distinguished himself afterwards so much at the siege of Nimeguen, that
Turenne, who constantly called him by his sobriquet of "the handsome Englishman," predicted
that he would one day be a great man.
