The elegance of Churchill's manners and the beauty of his countenance and figure distinguished him, from early youth. The known loyal principles of his father, and the sufferings he had undergone in the royal cause, procured for him,when he was only fifteen, the situation of page in the household of the Duke of York, afterwards James II. The prince procured  for him a commission in one of the regiments of guards when he was only sixteen years, and thus his inclination changed towards arms. 

     His handsome figure attracted not only the beauties of the court of Charles II but also one of the royal mistresses herself.He left their seductions, and embarked as a volunteer  in the expedition  against Tangiers in 1766. His first action in arms  was made against the Moors.After returning to Great Britain , he was again attracted by the Countess of Castlemaine,afterwards Duchess of Cleveland , then the favorite  mistress of Charles II.She distinguished him and presented 5000 pounds, before he embarked for Africa. The young soldier bought an annuity of 500 pounds a-year. Chesterfield says, this laid the foundation, of all his subsequent fortunes.

     Charles, to remove a dangerous rival in her unsteady affections, gave him a company in the guards, and sent him to the Continent with the auxiliary forces, which, in those days of English humiliation, the cabinet of St James's furnished to Louis XIV, to aid him in subduing the United Provinces. It was under Turenne, Condé, and Vauban he learned the art of scientific warfare.Similarly, Wellington's first campaigns were made against the French in Flanders, his next against the bastions of Tippoo and the Mahratta horse of Hindostan.

      Churchill had not been long in Flanders. The campaign of 1672, which brought the French armies to the gates of Amsterdam, and placed the United States within a hair's-breath of destruction. It was fruitful to him in valuable lessons.He distinguished himself and constantly called himself  "The handsome Englishmen" after the seige of Nimeguen, that Turenne, predicted that he would one day be a great man.
