
  Fatherland!--how the wild beasts are yelling!
    Blood drips from each ravenous mouth;
  Blood of brothers, each torn from his dwelling
    By the wild, hungry wolves of the South.

  CHORUS--Where the deep cannon bays for our beagle, &c.

  Let them rave! for our rifles are ready;
    Let them howl! for our sabres are keen;
  And the nerve of the hunter is steady
    When the track of the wére-wolf is seen.

  CHORUS--Where the deep cannon bays for our beagle, &c.

  Yes, the foul wolves have been o'er the border,
    But the fields were piled high with their slain,
  Till we drove them, in frantic disorder,
    To their dark home of hunger again.

THE POETRY OF NATURE.

Among the many marvellous myths of antiquity, I know of none more directly applicable to Man
and Art than that of the great struggle between Antæus the Earth-born and Hercules.

Lifted on high by brute force, Antæus is stifled; but falling and touching Earth, he revives.
Man, borne by the irresistible force of circumstance, may become false, frivolous, and weak:
his Art may dwindle to mere imitation, his Poetry turn to wailing and convulsions: but let
him once fall back to Nature--to the all-cherishing Earth, the Mother of Beauty--and all his
Works and Songs become as seas, rivers, green leaves, and the music of birds.

We have too long needed the touch of fresh and holy Earth. Too long has our love of picture
and poem, and of all that the glorious impulse to create in beauty achieves, been fickle as
the wind; based on discordant fancies and distorted tradition. Symbolism in art, at present
means only an arbitrary and puerile substitution of one object or caprice for another. The
most successful poetic simile is often as thoroughly conventional, and consequently as perishable,
as possible. In short, we are not in an age when there is one poetry alike for all men; when
the artist and bard are truly great and honored, and their works regarded as the Best that
man can do. The few who comprehend this in all its sad significance look from their towers
tearfully forth into the dark night, and wail, 'Great PAN is dead!'

But he is not dead, nor sleepeth. He will yet return in that awful dawn of the day which will
know no end.
