Homeland - how wild beasts are screaming! drops of blood from each voracious mouth, blood brothers, each plucked from his home by wild wolves hungry South.

Chorus - If gun deep bays for our beagle, & C.

Let them rave! for our rifles are ready, let them howl! Our swords are eager for, and the hunter is found when the nerve was traced wolf is seen.

Chorus - If gun deep bays for our beagle, & C.

Yes, wolves have been foul over border areas were piled high but they killed Till I drove frantically in disorder to their dark home hungry again.

Nature poetry.

Among many wonderful myths of antiquity, I know of none more directly applicable for humans and for art than the great struggle between Hercules and Antaeus Earth-born.

High sea by force gross Antaeus is suppressed, but within reach Earth, he revives. Man, supported by the irresistible force of circumstances, may become false, frivolous and weak: his art can dwindle to mere imitation, in turn Poetry crying and convulsions: but once it falls back to nature - for all cherishing-earth mother of beauty - and all his works and Songs become like the sea, rivers, green leaves, birds and music.

We need much time at the touch of fresh earth and holy. For too long our love of photography and poetry, and all that glorious impulse to create beauty out on as the wind was capricious, based on discordant fantasies and distorted tradition. Symbolism in art today, just an arbitrary substitution of one object or childish whim to another. Comparison of the most successful poetry is often better conventional and therefore as perishable as possible. In short, we are in an era where there is a poem just for all people, the artist and Bard are really great and honored, and their works regarded as the best that man can do. The few who understand the significance of all look so sad tears from their towers on the dark night, and grumble, "Great Pan is dead!"

But he is not dead nor sleeping. He will be back again at dawn appalling that will know no end.
