Fatherland! - How the cry of the wild animals! The blood dripping from every mouth greedy, Blood brothers, each displaced from their home for wild wolves, hungry in the South.

CHORUS - When subjects weapon deep in our beagle, & c.

That rave! the guns are ready, let them howl! our swords are interested and the nerve of the hunter is stable on the track of wolf that is seen.

CHORUS - When subjects weapon deep in our beagle, & c.

Yes, the error floors o'er the border, but the earth is filled with their dead, until we in the frantic chaos dark home hungry again.

THE POETRY OF NATURE

Among the many wonderful myths of antiquity, I know no more directly useful to people and the character of the great struggle between land and Hercules Antaeus born.

The promise of a high proportion of raw power, is strangled Antaeus, but falling and touching the ground, revive. The man held by the irresistible force of fact may be false, shallow and weak: his art can be reduced to mere imitation, that his poetry was moaning and seizures, but allowed even to use nature - to the all-appreciated Mother Beautiful Earth - and all his works and songs to be like the seas, rivers, green leaves, and the music of the birds.

We have long needed touch of fresh earth and holy. Too long has our love for the image and the poem, and all that glorious impulse to create beauty in achieving fickle as the wind on the basis of discordant and distorted fantasies tradition. The symbolism in art, now means that only a child arbitrary and replacement of an object or the whim of a second. The most successful poetic parable is often so thoroughly conventional, and therefore as perishable as the delay. In short, we are not at a time when there is a poem of the same for everyone, and when the artist and the poet is really great and honest, and his works are regarded as the best that man can do. The few who understand this in its full importance of the towers just sobbing in the dark night, and groan, "Great Pan is dead! '

But he is not dead, or asleep. The still new in the early hours of that terrible ending.
