
~152~~The feeble old scout shook his dripping wardrobe, d----d the water and the boosy kid
that wallof'd him into it, but without appearing to know which was him; till Bob stepped up,
and passing some silver into his mawley, told him he hoped he was not hurt. And our party then,
moved on in the direction for Russel-street, Covent-garden, when Sparkle again mentioned his
wet condition, and particularly recommended a glass of Cogniac by way of preventive from taking
cold. "A good motion well made (said Tom;) and here we are just by the Harp, where we can be
fitted to a shaving; so come along."

Having taken this, as Sparkle observed, very necessary precaution, they pursued their way towards
Piccadilly, taking their route under the Piazzas of Covent-garden, and thence up James-street
into Long-acre, where they were amused by a circumstance of no very uncommon kind in London,
but perfectly new to Tallyho. Two Charleys had in close custody a sturdy young man (who was
surrounded by several others,) and was taking him to the neighbouring watch-house "What is
the matter?" said Tom.

"Oh, 'tis only a little bit of a dead body-snatcher," said one of the guardians. "He has been
up to the resurrection rig.{1} Here," continued he, "I've got the bone-basket,"

     1 Resurrection rig--This subject, though a grave one, has
     been treated by many with a degree of comicality calculated
     to excite considerable risibility. A late well known
     humorist has related the following anecdote:

     Some young men, who had been out upon the spree, returning
     home pretty well primed after drinking plentifully, found
     themselves so dry as they passed a public house where they
     were well known, they could not resist the desire they had
     of calling on their old friend, and taking a glass of brandy
     with him by way of finish, as they termed it; and finding
     the door open, though it was late, were tempted to walk in.
     But their old friend was out of temper. "What is the
     matter?"--"Matter enough," replied Boniface; "here have I
     got an old fool of a fellow occupying my parlour dead drunk,
     and what the devil to do with him I don't know. He can
     neither walk nor speak."
