Goth. and Cimbr. f u s, the same;
    hence the Sax. >fysan<, to hasten, and the Su. Goth. f
    y s a, the same."--Todd's Johnson.

Richardson gives the same etymology, referring to Somner. Webster says, "allied, perhaps, to
Gr. ~physaô~, to blow or puff."

    ZEUS.

A reference to the word in Todd's Johnson's Dictionary will show, and I think satisfactorily,
that its origin is fus (Anglo-Saxon), prompt or eager; hence fysan, to hasten. The quotation
given is from Swift.

    C. I. R.

Palindromical Lines (Vol. vii., p. 178.).--The sotadic inscription,

    "~NIPSON ANOMÊMA MÊ MONAN OPSIN~,"

is stated (Gentleman's Magazine, vol. xl. p. 617.) to be on a font at Sandbach in Cheshire,
and (Gentleman's Magazine, vol. lxiii. p. 441.) to be on the font at Dulwich in Surrey, and
also on the font at Harlow in Essex.

    ZEUS.

Nugget (Vol. vi., pp. 171. 281.; Vol. vii., pp. 143. 272.).--FURVUS is persuaded that the word
nugget is of home growth, and has sprung from a root existing under various forms throughout
the dialects at present in use. The radical appears to be snag, knag, or nag (Knoge, Cordylus,
cf. Knuckle), a protuberance, knot, lump; being a term chiefly applied to knots in trees, rough
pieces of wood, &c., and in its derivatives strongly expressive of (so to speak) misshapen
lumpiness.

Every one resident in the midland counties must be acquainted with the word nog, applied to
the wooden ball used in the game of "shinney," the corresponding term of which, nacket, holds
in parts of Scotland, where also a short, corpulent person is called a nuget.

So, in Essex, nig signifies a piece; a snag is a well-known word across the Atlantic; nogs
are ninepins in the north of England; a noggin of bread is equivalent to a hunch in the midland
counties; and in the neighbourhood of the Parret and Exe the word becomes nug, bearing (besides
its usual acceptation) the meaning of knot, lump.

This supposed derivation is by no means weakened by the fact, that miners and others have gone
to the "diggins" from parts at no great distance from the last-mentioned district; and we may
therefore, although the radical is pretty generally diffused over the kingdom, attribute its
better known application to them.
