Goth. and Camber. f u s, the same; hence the Sax. >fusing<, to hasten, and the Su. Goth. f y s a, the same."--Todd's Johnson. 
Richardson gives the same etymology, referring to Sumner. Webster says, "allied, perhaps, to Gr. ~physic~, to blow or puff." 
ZEUS. 
A reference to the word in Todd's Johnson's Dictionary will show, and I think satisfactorily, that its origin is fuss (Anglo-Saxon), prompt or eager; hence fusing, to hasten. The quotation given is from Swift. 
C. I. R. 
Palindromical Lines (Vol. vii. p. 178.).--The sporadic inscription, 
"~NIPSON ANOMÊMA MÊ MONAN OPSIN~," 
is stated (Gentleman's Magazine, vol. xl. p. 617.) to be on a font at Sand Bach in Cheshire, and (Gentleman's Magazine, vol. lie. p. 441.) to be on the font at Dullish in Surrey, and also on the font at Harlow in Essex. 
ZEUS. 
Nugget (Vol. vi., pp. 171. 281.; Vol. vii., pp. 143. 272.).--FURVUS is persuaded that the word nugget is of home growth, and has sprung from a root existing under various forms throughout the dialects at present in use. The radical appears to be snag, knag, or nag (Kong, Cordless, cf. Knuckle), a protuberance, knot, lump; being a term chiefly applied to knots in trees, rough pieces of wood, &c., and in its derivatives strongly expressive of (so to speak) misshapen lumpiness. 
Every one resident in the midland counties must be acquainted with the word nag, applied to the wooden ball used in the game of "shinny," the corresponding term of which, necked, holds in parts of Scotland, where also a short, corpulent person is called a nugget. 
So, in Essex, nig signifies a piece; a snag is a well-known word across the Atlantic; nags are ninepins in the north of England; a noggin of bread is equivalent to a hunch in the midland counties; and in the neighborhood of the Parrot and Exe the word becomes nag, bearing (besides its usual acceptation) the meaning of knot, lump. 
This supposed derivation is by no means weakened by the fact, that miners and others have gone to the "diggings" from parts at no great distance from the last-mentioned district; and we may therefore, although the radical is pretty generally diffused over the kingdom, attribute its better known application to them.
