Goth. and Cimbrer. f u s, the same, why the Sax. > Fysan <, accelerating and Se. Goth. f y p a, the same. "- Todd 's Johnson.

Richardson gives the same etymology, referring to Somner. Webster said: "Allies, perhaps to Gr. Physaô ~ ~, to blow or breath."

ZEUS.

A reference to the word in Todd's Johnson's Dictionary will show, and I think properly, that its origin is fus (Anglo-Saxon), quick or eager to why fysan to hasten. The reported quote is from Swift.

C. I. R.

Palindromical Lines (Vol. vii. S. 178 .).-- The sotadic inscription

"~ Nipson ANOMÊMA Me Monan OPSIN ~"

it says (Gentleman's Magazine, Vol. xl. p. 617). to be in a font in Sandbach in Cheshire, and (Gentleman's Magazine, Vol. LXIII. p. 441). To be on the font at Dulwich in Surrey, and also the font at Harlow in Essex.

ZEUS.

Nugget (Vol. vi., S.. 171st 281st; Vol VII., S.. 143rd 272 .).-- FURVUS is convinced that the word nugget is domestic growth, and has sprung from a root, exist in various forms throughout dialects currently in use. The radical appears to be a snag, brackets, or nag (bone, Cordylus, cf. Knuckle) a raised knot, clump, is a term primarily used for knots in trees, raw wood, & c., and in its derivatives strongly expressive of (so to speak) misshapen lumpiness.

Every resident in the Midland counties must be acquainted with the word nog, used on wooden ball used in games "shinney," the corresponding period of which Nack, hold in parts of Scotland, where also a short, fat person is called a nuget.

So in Essex, nig means a piece, a hook is a familiar word across the Atlantic; nogs is ninepins in northern England, a Noggin bread similar to a premonition of the Midland counties, and in the neighborhood of the pair and Exe word becomes Nug , rent (in addition to its usual acceptance) the importance of knot, lump.

This should derivation is in no way weakened by the fact that miners and others have gone to "diggins" from parts not far from the latter district, and we can therefore, although the radical is pretty generally spread over rich attribute its better known use for them.
