* * * The Protestant oftentimes takes up his open Bible; he
wishes to believe; he tries to believe. * * * All these efforts avail nothing." Christian Theology
and Modern Skepticism, 1872, p. 144.

"The Duke and the Protestant are simply trying to do two things at once; and, naturally, Professor
Huxley is tempted in the same direction." Lay Sermons, p. 21. "But then he is keen enough to
suspect some absurdity in the position, and honestly proclaims that the army of liberal thought
is, at present, in very loose order; and many a spirited freethinker makes use of his freedom
mainly to vent nonsense." Lay Sermons, p. 69.

According to the above quotations, if it is wise to be skeptical, to be ignorant is bliss.

Give me a "paradise of illusions;" let me repose in them; if I am disappointed in the end I
shall fare as well as the skeptic, with this difference, that in case there is any hereafter,
I shall know that in my ignorance I lived a life of blessedness with reference to the now experienced
eternity; while, in case there is no hereafter for us, we shall just be equal. Again I repeat
it, let me have the side where I take no risks when viewed from the skeptic's standpoint, and
where I can "repose in a paradise of illusions," in preference to the skeptic's excruciating doubt.

But we shall not be disappointed. Neither are we necessarily a generation of immature minds.
We are willing as a whole to compare with non-church going people as a whole. And we are further
conceded to be the happiest people in the world, unless you can find a people happier than
those who "repose in a paradise of mental illusions." Yes! But we shall find in the end that
it was neither ignorance nor illusion, but the wisdom of the wise. Let us continue thus, to live.

EVOLUTION.

WHAT DO EVOLUTIONISTS TEACH?

DEDICATED TO C.F., DANVILLE, IND.

Many scientists who reject religion put on an air of superiority that is repulsive. If you
call their speculations in question you at once receive credit for being an uneducated fool,
a worshiper of the Bible.

Mr. Huxley advises theologians to let science alone. Wonderful advice! Do such men let religion
alone? They can't agree among themselves, not even in their advice to theologians.
