* Protestant often take his Bible open, he wants to believe, he tries to think. * All these efforts use anything "Christian Theology and Modern Skepticism, 1872, p. 144 ..

"Duke and protests are simply trying to do two things at once, and, of course, Professor Huxley is tempted in the same direction." The Lay Sermons, p. 21. "But then he is quite willing to suspect some fallacy in the position, and honestly proclaim that the army of liberal thinking is now, for very low, and many live freethinker makes use of his freedom mainly to vent nonsense." Lay Sermons, p. 69.

As the above quotes, whether it is wise to be skeptical, to be ignorant is bliss.

Give me a paradise "illusions," let me sleep in them if I disappointed in the end I shall charge and skeptical, with this difference, that if no further to know that, in my ignorance I lived a life of eternal happiness with reference to the experience now, while if there still for us, we are just equal. Again, I repeat, give me from where to take a risk when viewed in terms of skepticism, and where they can "rest in paradise illusions, preferably skeptic to doubt excruciating.

But we must not be disappointed. Neither we are necessarily a generation of immature minds. We are willing as a whole to compare with non-church going people as a whole. And we're still allowed to be the happiest people in the world, unless you find a happier people than those who "rest in paradise mental illusions." Yes! But eventually we find that there was no ignorance, no illusion, but the wisdom of the wise. We thus continue to live.

Development.

WHAT DOES TEACH evolutionists?

DEDICATED C.F., Danville, IND.

Many scientists who reject religion put on an air of superiority, which is repulsive. If they call that speculation will receive credit once for an uneducated fool, an admirer of the Bible.

Mr. Huxley advises scholars to leave science alone. Wonderful advice! No single religion to such people? They can not agree among themselves, not even in their theological advice.
