"Why then bad luck to your impidence,"says the Waiver, "would no place serve you but that? and is it spiling my breakquest yez are, you dirty bastes?"

And with that, being altogether craked tempered at the time, he lifted his hand, and he made one great slam at the dish of stirabout, and killed no less than threescore and tin flies at the one blow. It was threescore and tin exactly, for he counted the carcasses one by one, and laid them out on a clane plate, for to view them.

Well, he felt a powerful sprit risin' him, when he seen the slaughter he done at one blow, and with that he got as consaited as the very dickens, and not a stroke more work he'd do that day, but out he wint, and was fractious and impidint to everyone he met, and was squarin' up into their faces and sayin:

"Look at that firs! that's the first that killed threescore and tin at one blow--whoo!"

With that all the neighbors thought he was cracked, and faith the poor wife herself thought the same, when he kern home in the evenin', after shpendin' every rap he had in drhrink, and swaggering about the place, and lookin' at his hand every minit.

"Indade an' your had is very dirty, sure enough, Thady jewel," said the poor wife, and thrue for her, for he rowled into a ditch comin' home, "you'd betther wash it, darlin'". "How dare you say dirty to the gretest hand in Ireland," says he, going to bate her.

"Well, it's not dirty," says she.

"It's throwin' away my time I have been all my life,"says he, "livin'with you at all, and stuck at a loom nothin'but a poor Waiver, whin it's Saint George or the Dhraggin I ought to be, which is two of the sivin champions of Christendom."

"Well, suppose they christended him twice as much," says the wife, "sure, what's that to us?"

"Dont't put in your prate." says he, "you ignorant shtrap," says he, "you're vulgar, woman,--you're vulgar-- mighty vulgar: but I'll have nothin' more to say to any direty snakin' trade agin--divil a more waigin' I'll do."

"Oh, Thady dear, and what'll the childre do then!"

"Let them go and play marvels,"said he.

"That would be but poor feedin' for them, Thady."

"They shan't want for feedin"says he, "for it's a rich man I'll be soon, and a gret man too."
