"Why then the bad luck to impidence" says the waiver, "sarva would not you, but what? And it is my Spilinga BreakQuest yez are, you dirty enough?"

And with that, being a total cracker tempered at the time, raised his hand and made a grand slam in the bowl of porridge, and killed no less than seventy-tin flies in one blow. It was exactly sixty and tin, having counted the bodies one by one, and put them on a plate Clane, to see them.

Well, he felt a powerful spirit Risin 'on him when he saw the slaughter that makes a single blow, and thus became consaited as well as Dickens, and no more labor movement was going to do that day, but that Wint, and was fractionated and impidint to all who knew and was squarin 'up in the face and saying,

"Look at that fist! This is the fist that killed seventy-tin at one blow - Whoo!"

With all the neighbors thought it was broken, and the faith of the poor woman thought so when kem home in the afternoon, after shpendin "all I had in dhrink rap and arrogant in place, and looking at the hand of all Minit.

"Indade a 'hand is very dirty, surely, Thady jewel," said the poor woman, and THROUGH to her because a ditch Rowles Comin' Home ", which had betther wash, baby." "How dare you say dirty most of Ireland," he says, will his bat.

"Well, it's not dirty," she says.

"It's throwin 'my time I have been all my life," he says, "Livin' with you at all, and we are caught in a loom a poor Resignation, basaltic rock is Dhraggin San Jorge or should be, is , two of the champions Sivin of Christianity. "

"Well, guess who named it twice," says the wife, "Sure, what is it for us? "

"Do not put in his talk." says, "you ignorant shtrap" he says, "You're vulgar, woman, - that" vulgar re - vulgar powerful, but I will have nothing more to say to any dirty snakin "trade AgIn - divil a more waivin" I to do. "

"Oh, Thady dear, and what will then make the children!"

"They can go to play wonders," he said.

"That would be but poor feedin 'for them, Thady."

"There will feedin," he says, a rich man I'll be soon, and a great man too. "
