
"You had better see to the traps yourself, John; there is always a fuss about them every summer
since you gave them to Jack to attend to. You know, as Fairy says, he is so fond of birds,
and he knows so much about them too, that he can't bear snaring them."

"Knows so much about them! I should think he did. Why Mr. Leslie says if Jack had only the
means of getting himself some good books, he would be a first-rate ornithologist, which means
a man learned in birds, John," said Fairy.

She had always called the shepherd John since she could speak, and Mrs. Shelley and John were
quite content that she should do so, as he was not her father, though Fairy persisted in calling
his wife mother, to Mrs. Shelley's secret joy. They were both greatly attached to their foster-daughter;
as for the shepherd, he never contradicted her in anything, and though over-strict as his wife
thought with his own boys, he never seemed to think Fairy could do wrong, and had never been
heard even to rebuke her in the mildest way since he found her; and when Mrs. Shelley remonstrated
with him, as she sometimes did, he excused himself by saying she was not his own child, so
he did not feel the same responsibility about her.

Luckily for Fairy, Mrs. Shelley did not humour her and look upon her with the same excessive
admiration the shepherd and the boys did; they regarded her as a superior being, and thought
her way of queening it over them perfectly right and natural. Mrs. Shelley loved the child
she had been a mother to tenderly, and was proud of her beauty and cleverness, and yet, while
she constantly impressed on her boys that Fairy was a lady by birth and therefore in a very
different position to any of them, and, moreover, might any day be claimed by her own parents
and taken into her own sphere, she insisted on the same obedience from her as she expected
from her own children.

"Jack had far better become a man learned in sheep than in birds, seeing he is to be a shepherd.
I can't see the use of all the learning Jack gets hold of; it can't do him any good," said
the shepherd.

"Oh! you dear, good old shepherd, I believe you think the world was made for sheep, and shepherds
the only useful people in it," exclaimed Fairy.
