"You better had the traps to see yourself, John, there is always a fuss over them every summer since you gave them to Jack to attend. You know, like the Fairy says, he is so fond of birds, and he knows that much about them, too, that he can not bear snaring them. "

"Know as much about them, I should think he did. Why Mr Leslie said if Jack has the means of a rope some good books, he would be a first-rate ornithologist, which means that a man had learned in birds, John, "says Fairy.

She has always been a shepherd called because she could talk John, and Mrs Shelley and John were quite content that they would do so as he is her father, but persist in calling his wife Fairy mother, for Mrs. Shelley's secret joy . They were both very attached to their foster daughter, like the shepherd, he never contradicted her in nothing, and all over-sharp as his wife thought of his own sons, he never had to think evil Fairy could do not, and never heard, even as her punishment in the mildest way, because he found her, and as Mrs. Shelley remonstrated with him, as she sometimes did, he excused himself by saying she was not his own child so he does not feel the same about her responsibility.

Fortunately for Fairy, Mrs Shelley humor is not her and see her with the same excessive admiration of the shepherd and the boys did, they regarded her as a superior being, and thought that her way of queening it over them all right and the natural. Mrs Shelley loved the child she was a mother to tender, and he is proud of her beauty and skill, and still under the impression, as she was her son that Fairy was a woman by birth and therefore in a very different position to any of them, and also, any day claimed by her parents and took her own field, she demanded the same obedience from her as she expects her own children.

"Jack did a lot better, a man learned in sheep than in birds, for he is a shepherd will be. I can not see the use of all the leather love Jack, but it can not be any good," said the shepherd.

"Oh, you dear, good old shepherd, I think you think the world has for sheep and shepherds, the only helpful people in it," cried the Fairy.
