The man did as I said. A  detail  of his mast being yet standing, he  organised  what they call a goose-wing sail, that is, a  tiny   detail  of the sail out, just to  save  the  vessel  steddy, and with this we  received   higher  as high as Blackwall; the  night time  being  afterward  come on and  pitch black,  and the  fume   enhancing,  I suffer'd myself to be  gratified  to  left  in there, though five or six mile  condensed  of London;  though,  indeed, I was resolv'd to venture no  farther   if  the waterman would have done it. 
      We are not  signed  higher   to  presume  that this is plain  kin  of  material  of  sighting,  any more than the History of Robinson Crusoe; but it is a graphic sketch of life and manners  worth  the  identify  of those  any person  who    examine  such things. It  types  at least a  tiny  contribution to the history of  journeying  in England. A passenger  any person  who   had just landed from a Gravesend  vessel,  to  chase  his  tour   by  land, might well be thankful to "be received in a coach" like that which had been  commenced  at York near half a  100  before. 
 Alpha.
* * * * * {211}
NOTES ON THE SECOND EDITION OF MR. CUNNINGHAM'S HANDBOOK OF LONDON.

Mr. Cunningham's labor on London is a reserve of such overall hobby, that the attachments and corrections, which I shall extend from time to time to offer to your readers, cannot, I think, be deemed impertinent or trifling. Let it not be dreamt, for one single moment, that I hope to depreciate Mr. Cunningham's labours. On the negatively, his reserve is one of the majority enjoyable books comparative to our great city which we possess. And let me frankly say, whether I were to choose merely half-a-dozen volumes for my possess reading, Cunningham's Handbook of London would majority confidently be one of that number. 
 The  very empty  skeleton of time,  location,  and person, must be fleshed with  numerous   good  passages; and to this intent I have purposely interlaced (not as meat but as condiment)  many  stories, so that the reader,  if  he do not  originate  religiosior or doctior, with more piety or  training,  at least he may  move out  jucundior, with more  gratification  and  lawful  delight."

This remark has been well construed by Mr. Cunningham, whose good sources, and literary and artistic recollections, have organised his retain a readable one to the many, and an instructive companion for the initiated.

The "bare skeleton" sometimes trusts "fleshing," and hence the pursuing items of supplements and corrections:

1.
