The man did as I
    said. A piece of his mast being yet standing, he made what they
    call a goose-wing sail, that is, a little piece of the sail out,
    just to keep the boat steddy, and with this we got up as high as
    Blackwall; the night being then come on and very dark, and the
    storm increasing, I suffer'd myself to be persuaded to put in
    there, though five or six mile short of London; whereas, indeed,
    I was resolv'd to venture no farther if the waterman would have
    done it.

We are not bound to suppose that this is plain relation of matter of fact, any more than the
History of Robinson Crusoe; but it is a graphic sketch of life and manners worth the notice
of those who study such things. It forms at least a little contribution to the history of travelling
in England. A passenger who had just landed from a Gravesend boat, to pursue his journey by
land, might well be thankful to "be received in a coach" like that which had been started at
York near half a century before.

Alpha.

       *       *       *       *       * {211}

NOTES ON THE SECOND EDITION OF MR. CUNNINGHAM'S HANDBOOK OF LONDON.

Mr. Cunningham's work on London is a book of such general interest, that the additions and
corrections, which I shall continue from time to time to offer to your readers, will not, I
think, be deemed impertinent or trifling. Let it not be imagined, for one single instant, that
I wish to depreciate Mr. Cunningham's labours. On the contrary, his book is one of the most
delightful publications relative to our great city which we possess. And let me candidly say,
if I were to select only half-a-dozen volumes for my own reading, Cunningham's Handbook of
London would most assuredly be one of that number.

The quaint and learned old Fuller, in his address to the Worthies of England, says:

    "The bare skeleton of time, place, and person, must be fleshed
    with some pleasant passages; and to this intent I have purposely
    interlaced (not as meat but as condiment) many stories, so that
    the reader, if he do not arise religiosior or doctior, with
    more piety or learning, at least he may depart jucundior, with
    more pleasure and lawful delight."

This remark has been well understood by Mr. Cunningham, whose pleasant quotations, and literary
and artistic recollections, have made his book a readable one to the many, and an instructive
companion for the initiated.

The "bare skeleton" sometimes wants "fleshing," and hence the following list of additions and
corrections:

1.
