3rd, Appearing amid Him and his people, it interfered with the leadership of Christ saying, “I will place the stars.”  In respect to the spiritual independence of the church, he was more decided.  He considered this as a very important question: he stated at a public meeting that there were chances for the disturbance of the Church of Scotland, if it were deprived of.  –1st, the degradation of those who remained behind, the separation of the aristocracy, the punishment for the ungodly, and the sin of the nation was to be regretedin some respects which was caused because of the sufferings of God’s faithful servants.  2nd, that Christ’s kingly offices would be better known, the truth would be spread into deserted parishes, and the faithful ministers would be refined, and for these reasons it was to be saluted.  I find him writing, on March 7th of the following year, the cause of the church was finally to be pleaded at the bar of the House of Commons: “It is one of an eventful nights in the British Parliament! Once more King Jesus stands at an earthly court, and they do not recognize Him!

After the Convocation a co-presbyter who returned with him to Dundee related an interesting anecdote to him. What it might be their duty to do in the event of interruption, and where they might be scattered, were the matters which the co-presbyter, Mr. Stewart, was discussing with him. Mr. Stewart said, if it was needed, he could preach Gaelic, and might meet the Highlanders in Canada.  Mr. M'Cheyne said, that he thinks of going to the many thousand convicts whose souls are not cared for and who are transported beyond seas.

After this date there aren’t many records of his public work.  December 25 was almost the last date noted in his diary. “Four elders, and also a fifth were ordained to be a blessing in this place this day, when I am gone.  Awakened very early before dawn, had two hours alone with God.  Preached with much comfort on I Tim. 5:17, let the elders take over. It was altogether a solemn scene.” He records his last cases of awakening thus, which is dated January 6, 1843: I trust this is news of an awakened soul finding true rest.
