3rd, It meddled with the headship
of Christ, coming in between Him and his people, saying, "I will place the stars." But still
more decided was he in regard to the spiritual independence of the church. This he reckoned
a vital question: and in prospect of the disruption of the Church of Scotland, if it were denied,
he stated at a public meeting,--1st, That it was to be deplored in some respects, viz., because
of the sufferings of God's faithful servants, the degradation of those who remained behind,
the alienation of the aristocracy, the perdition of the ungodly, and the sin of the nation.
But, 2nd, It was to be hailed for other reasons, viz., Christ's kingly offices would be better
known, the truth would be spread into desolate parishes, and faithful ministers would be refined.
And when, on March 7th of the following year, the cause of the church was finally to be pleaded
at the bar of the House of Commons, I find him writing: "Eventful night this in the British
Parliament! Once more King Jesus stands at an earthly tribunal, and they know Him not!"

An interesting anecdote is related of him by a co-presbyter, who returned with him to Dundee
after the Convocation. This co-presbyter, Mr. Stewart, was conversing with him as to what it
might be their duty to do in the event of the disruption, and where they might be scattered.
Mr. Stewart said he could preach Gaelic, and might go to the Highlanders in Canada, if it were
needful. Mr. M'Cheyne said, "I think of going to the many thousand convicts that are transported
beyond seas, for no man careth for their souls."

We have not many records of his public work after this date. Almost the last note in his diary
is dated December 25: "This day ordained four elders, and admitted a fifth, who will all, I
trust, be a blessing in this place when I am gone. Was graciously awakened a great while before
day, and had two hours alone with God. Preached with much comfort on I Tim. 5:17, 'Let the
elders that rule well,' etc. At the end of the sermon and prayer, proposed the regular questions;
then made the congregation sing standing; during which time I came down from the pulpit and
stood over the four men, then prayed, and all the elders gave the right hand of fellowship,
during which I returned to the pulpit, and addressed them and the congregation on their relative
duties. Altogether a solemn scene."

The last recorded cases of awakening, and the last entry in his diary, is dated January 6,
1843: "Heard of an awakened soul finding rest--true rest, I trust.
