I expect you're awfully rich. I'm poorer than any church
mouse. It doesn't look as if I could do anything for one like you. But who knows? There was
a mouse once helped a lion. It gnawed a hole in a net. I feel as if the time must come when
I can do as much, because I want to so dreadfully. That's all!"

IV

THE MURMUR OF THE STORM

It seemed that everything were to go wrong with Roger Sands that day. He had felt for the last
few months that a cloud had risen between him and John Heron, whose cause he had won in California.
If ever a business man owed a debt of gratitude to the brains of another, John Heron owed such
a debt to Roger Sands, who had risked not only his reputation, but even his life against the
powerful enemies of the alleged "California Oil Trust King." Heron had appeared fully to appreciate
this; and before Roger left for New York had been almost oppressively cordial, begging in vain
that Roger would visit him and his wife, a famous beauty with Spanish blood in her veins. He
had written once, immediately after Sands' departure, and had telegraphed congratulations on
reading the news of Roger's marriage. But the friendly reply had remained unacknowledged. The
wedding present of a gold tea service had been accompanied by no letter, only a card with the
names of "Mr. and Mrs. John Heron." With Sands' thanks the correspondence ended.... This had
vexed Roger, who liked Heron and was not used to being slighted. The only thing he could think
of was Beverley's failure to enclose a note to Mrs. Heron in his letter of thanks. She had
argued that the present was for him, really, and that if she wrote Mrs. Heron it would look
"pushing."

Roger let the matter slide, and had written in his wife's name and his own. At last he read
in some newspaper that "Mr. and Mrs. John Heron intended shortly to start for the east, where
they would spend the summer." Without waiting to consult Beverley he wrote, saying he had read
the news, and he and his wife hoped for a visit in their Newport house as soon as it was ready.
He had written, not from the office, but from home, with the Park Avenue address on the paper.
To-day, as he entered his study, his eye lit on an envelope with John Heron's writing upon it.
