SE MIRROR OF LITERATURE, fun, and instruction.

VOL. 14. NO. 386.] Saturday, August 22, 1829. 2d [PRICE.

* * * * *

ST. PETER'S CHURCH, Pimlico.

The picture shows the new church on the eastern side of Wilton Place, in the parish of St. George's, Hanover Square. Caste is a building of the Ionic order, from the designs of Mr. Henry Hakewill, whose architectural achievements we have had many opportunities to speak.

San Pedro's plan is a parallelogram, located east and west, without corridors, east being increased by the addition of a small chancel flanked by vestries. The Western Front, in our engraving, is occupied by a portico of Ionic hexastyle, with fluted columns. The floor is approached by a bold flight of steps, and on the wall in the back three entrances to the church. The columns are crowned by their entablature, and pediment, behind which rises an attic floor from the roof of the church to the highest points of the pediment, is crowned by a cornice and blocking course, and topped by a of acroterium near their own height, but only width equal to two thirds of it, which is finished with a sub-cornice and blocking course, and is crowned by the tower, which rises from the center. The addition of a belfry Greek form an obstacle to our modern architects, forcing them to appeal to the many changes to turn a Greek temple in a church in English, an argument of force to the rejection of the classic styles of all in this species of the buildings. [1] Mr. Hakewill, however, partly overcome this difficulty, and the effect is not bad, as there is a high value on the same facade.

The tower has a square in the plan, which is the elevation of a pedestal, the frieze rebuilt for a watch brand, maintaining a history cubic, with a bow window on each side, to the sides of Ionic columns which are the angles was completed in antis. This story is crowned by an entablature, above which rises a small circular temple enriched, and the whole is surmounted by a spherical dome, surmounted by a cross.

The church body is constructed of brick with stone dressings.
