THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE, AMUSEMENT, AND INSTRUCTION.

VOL. 14. NO. 386.] SATURDAY, AUGUST 22, 1829. [PRICE 2d.

       *       *       *       *       *

ST. PETER'S CHURCH, PIMLICO.

The engraving represents the new church on the eastern side of Wilton Place, in the Parish
of St. George, Hanover Square. It is a chaste building of the Ionic order, from the designs
of Mr. Henry Hakewill, of whose architectural attainments we have frequently had occasion to speak.

The plan of St. Peter's is a parallelogram, placed east and west, without aisles; the east
being increased by the addition of a small chancel flanked by vestries. The west front, in
our Engraving, is occupied by an hexastyle portico of the Ionic order, with fluted columns.
The floor is approached by a bold flight of steps, and in the wall, at the back are three entrances
to the church. The columns are surmounted by their entablature and a pediment, behind which
a low attic rises from the roof of the church to the height of the apex of the pediment; it
is crowned with a cornice and blocking-course, and surmounted by an acroterium of nearly its
own height, but in breadth only equalling two-thirds of it; this is finished with a sub-cornice
and blocking-course, and is surmounted by the tower, which rises from the middle. The addition
of a steeple to a Grecian church forms a stumbling-block to our modern architects, forcing
them to have recourse to many shifts to convert a Grecian temple into an English church, a
forcible argument for the rejection of the classical styles altogether in this species of buildings.[1]
Mr. Hakewill has, however, in part surmounted this difficulty, and the effect produced is not
bad, as great value is given to the front elevation by it.

The tower consists of a square in plan, in elevation consisting of a pedestal, the dado pieced
for the dials of a clock, sustaining a cubical story, with an arched window in each face, at
the sides of which are Ionic columns, the angles being finished in antis. This story is crowned
with an entablature, above which rises a small enriched circular temple; the whole is crowned
with a spherical dome, surmounted by a cross.

The body of the church is built of brick, with stone dressings.
