Now,
the law has been made on more considerations than we are capable of making at present; the
law considers a man as capable of bearing anything and everything but blows.  I may reproach
a man as much as I please; I may call him a thief, robber, traitor, scoundrel, coward, lobster,
bloody-back, etc., and if he kill me it will be murder, if nothing else but words precede;
but if from giving him such kind of language I proceed to take him by the nose, or fillip him
on the forehead, that is an assault; that is a blow.  The law will not oblige a man to stand
still and bear it; there is the distinction.  Hands off; touch me not.  As soon as you touch
me, if I run you through the heart, it is but manslaughter.  The utility of this distinction,
the more you think of it the more you will be satisfied with it.  It is an assault whenever
a blow is struck, let it be ever so slight, and sometimes even without a blow.  The law considers
man as frail and passionate.  When his passions are touched, he will be thrown off his guard,
and therefore the law makes allowance for this frailty --considers him as in a fit of passion,
not having the possession of his intellectual faculties, and therefore does not oblige him
to measure out his blows with a yard-stick, or weigh them in a scale. Let him kill with a sword,
gun, or hedge-stake, it is not murder, but only manslaughter.

(Keyling's Report, 135. Regina versus Mawgrige.) "Rules supported by authority and general
consent, showing what are always allowed to be sufficient provocations.  First, if one man
upon any words shall make an assault upon another, either by pulling him by the nose or filliping
him on the forehead, and he that is so assaulted shall draw his sword and immediately run the
other through, that is but manslaughter, for the peace is broken by the person killed and with
an indignity to him that received the assault.  Besides, he that was so affronted might reasonably
apprehend that he that treated him in that manner might have some further design upon him."

So that here is the boundary, when a man is assaulted and kills in consequence of that assault,
it is but manslaughter.  I will just read as I go along the definition of assault:--

(1 Hawkins. ch.
