I said.
"A jack-mer-lantern," said he. "And what is that?" I asked. "It's a sperit. I ceed dem ebery
nite, an' when I go to kotch one dey ain't nobody." "Then you believe in spirits?" "Yes, sar;
dat I dus. When I pass Paradise Old Field I kin always see dem." "Have you ever been told anything
about the ball of fire and Jack-mer-lantern, as you call them?" "Yes, sir; dat I hab." "Then
let me hear what you have been told." "Yes, sir; Boss, I'se gwine tu tell you de God's trufe."
"Well, proceed." "Boss, I'm gwine to tole you dey tole me dat long time 'go dat a man by de
name of Pluter was come up dar in dat field wid a 'omun, an' dat dey loss demselves, an' hab
neber bin seed since; and dat ebery nite wen you go by dar you kin see somfin. One nite as
I was gwine 'long I thort dat a ball of fire wus gwine tu hit me in de face. I axed who wus
dat; nobody said nuffin. I hit at it an' it turned to a Jack-mer-lantern." "And what was that,"
I asked. "I 'spec dat it wus dat man Pluter, an' de ball ob fire wus de 'omun dat wus wid him."
"And they are what you call 'sperits?' Then you are a natural born fool; if you do not shove
this boat along I will break your head with this pole." "Boss, I shall always blebe in dem
sperits."

It is very true that some very mysterious and unaccountable things were seen when passing Paradise
Old Field, by the side of the canal, by persons on their way to the Lake of the Dismal Swamp,
but in very few instances, and then only by nervous persons of diseased minds. You might travel
up and down the canal as often as you choose and outside of snakes and pole cats nothing would
ever appear. Do not let snake stories deter you from visiting this wonderful and beautiful
place, the Lake of the Dismal Swamp. As the boat was being driven along, the driver said: "Boss,
did I nebber told you about de big watermillion that Mars. Caleb Busby foun' near dis place?"
"No; let me hear something about it." "Well, sir, I will tole you. One day as Mars. Busby was
gwine tu de Lake, an' wen he got rite here he ceed on de side ob de cunnel a big snake trien
tu swallow a raccoon. He tuk up sumfin' to flro at de snake, an' jes' den he ceed in de bushes
a nale keg, an' wus glad dat he had foun' a keg ob nales.
