If the arrangement of
the parts were perfect, it may be doubted--for symmetry is the basis of health as well as beauty--whether
we should ever hear of such a thing as 'taint in the blood.' If this theory were to gain ground,
it would simplify much the practice of medicine; for the disease would stand in visible and
tangible presence before the eyes, and the employment of inventions, to counteract and finally
conquer the eccentricities of nature, would be governed by science, and thus relieved from
the suspicion of quackery, which at present more or less attaches to it. To pursue these speculations,
however, would lead us too far; and before concluding, we must find room for a few more of
our practical philosopher's observations.

All good mechanics, it seems, have large hands and thick and short fingers; which is pretty
nearly the conclusion arrived at by D'Arpentigny in La Chirognomonie, although the captain
adds, that the hands must be en spatule--that is to say, with the end of the fingers enlarged
in the form of a spatula. The hand is generally the same breadth as the foot: a fact recognised
by the country people, who, when buying their shoes at fairs--which were the usual mart--might
have been seen thrusting in their hand to try the breadth, when they had ascertained that the
length was suitable. A short foot gives a mincing walk, while a long one requires the person
to bring his body aplomb with the foot before taking the step, which thus resembles a stride.
Good dancers have the limbs short as compared with the body, which has thus the necessary power
over them; but if too short, there is a deficiency of dexterity in the management of the feet.

In conclusion, it will be seen, we think, that there is much to be learned even in the business
of the shears. There is no trade whatever which will not afford materials for thought to an
intelligent man, and thus enlarge the mind and elevate the character.

THE NIGHTINGALE:

A MUSICAL QUESTION.

Is the song of the nightingale mirthful or melancholy? is a question that has been discussed
so often, that anything new on the subject might be considered superfluous, were it not that
the very fact of the discussion is in itself a curiosity worthy of attention.
