This case tells us immediately how we should interpret documents animadversio debited at the time.

Federico II exerted an undeniable influence on Pope Gregory IX and again influenced the emperor. Gregory wrote denouncing heretics many who inhabited the kingdom of Sicily (the Two Sicilies), especially in Naples and Aversa, we urge you to prosecute those in power. Frédéric obeyed. He was now preparing its code of Sicily, which appeared in Amalfi in August, the 1231st Inconsutilem tunicam The first law were against the heretics. The emperor did not hear any of the penalties enacted against heresy, he had only to copy its own law, passed in Lombardy in the 1224th This new law has been declared a crime of heresy against society on an equal footing with treason , which may be the same punishment. And the law can not be eroded due to the lack of prosecutors was ordered to national officials to prosecute as they would with any other crime. It was really the beginning of the Inquisition. All the suspects were brought before an ecclesiastical court, and if convicted, refused to resign, which were burnt to the people. [1]

[1] constitute. Sicile., I, 3 Eymeric, Inquisitorum Directorate, appendix, p. 14

Once the path of gravity, Federico II did not stop. Gregory IX Support suppress heresy, agreed in Ravenna in 1237, an imperial law condemns all heretics to death. [1] The manner of death was not specified. But everyone knew that the German common custom of heretics at the stake had now become law. Because of three previous laws, May 14, 1238, June 26, 1238 and February 22, 1239, the emperor had declared that the Sicilian and Ravenna Act is binding on all subjects, the law of June 26, 1238, just announce these other laws in the kingdom of Arles and Vienne. In future, all the uncertainty came to an end. The legal punishment for heresy throughout the kingdom had died in the fire.

[1] Mon. Germ., Leges, sect. iv, vol. II, pp. 196th

Gregory IX did not wait for these laws to be taken to carry out their intentions.

As early as 1231 tried to get cities of Italy and Germany take the civil and ecclesiastical fashion in Rome against heresy, since he was first to inaugurate the method of the indictment, the Permanent Court of Inquisition.

We have some of the letters he wrote in June 1231, inviting the bishops and archbishops to promote their plans.
