There was, as I said, no doubt by the assembly, what would be received. In everything went well. The reference to "the government, at the last minute, we have" and the proposal to write his epitaph, demolished the house. GRAND CROSS is in the Gallery of nervousness is strongly encouraged results. Larger recreation of the opposition would probably have more of these look deputy latent humor.

Business Address .-- relocated fact met with censorship, by ASQUITH in office brighter.

Tuesday .-- imminent change in the ministry foregrounds and distance, which will probably happen in Ireland, establishing autonomy. Irish members of all sections on alert. SAUNDERSON in his war paint, which takes the form of brilliant white waistcoat. Always knows where the Colonel puts, which means business. Done on Christmas Eve speech marked by Derry Down howls of execration of Irish brothers contrary. That is precisely what Colonel enjoy, the night moved him to higher oratory. ASQUIUTH its sinister image, quality control, "sits in the mouth of the volcano Irish" very effective. Effect cruelly and Irish members responded by putting up REDMOND JUNIOR respond. The colonel smiled gallantly, but was an effort gashly. Device manifestly effective. REDMOND has been admirable, nothing could have been better than serious commentary that probably scared the House that in seven years, sat down to colonel, was able to say that it was "totally innocent - totally harmless."

"Now," ASHBOURNE said in London just now winding up its affairs ministry, "is the most horrible thing I've heard it said SAUNDERSON."

Later, more serious signs of boiling state of feeling in Ulster brought under notice by the House of Representatives. Ross, QC, was returned in the elections, instead of CHARLES LEWIS - a useful character as a study guide for young members, showing how a man of great ability, and various parliamentary skills could prove a hopeless failure. Ross was born and raised in Derry, accustomed to the controversial practice. Already known in his childhood with the dialectic concrete is likely that when he handed over half an hour.
