
The balloon came sailing onwards, seeming to grow larger and larger the nearer it approached.
Within its car sat the fairy Corianda. It slowly descended in front of the palace, and whilst
it rested on the ground the fairy stepped out; then it re-ascended and floated about in the air.

"Well, now! what is the matter with you all?" said the fairy, going among the children and
soothing the afflicted ones. "Why are you all so sad and unhappy? Are you tired of being in
this pretty island? and do you really want to go back to Noviland?"

"Yes, yes; please take us home again," they all cried. "We have been very happy here, but now
we want to go home to our dear mammas and papas. Please do take us home!"

"Very well," said the fairy; "as you wish it you shall all be back in your own old homes to-morrow
morning. So bid good-bye to Child Island, and don't cry any more."

Then the fairy waved her hand, and immediately a silvery mist surrounded them; the palace and
the pretty houses became less and less distinct, until there was only a faint and shadowy outline
of them; then the mist grew thicker, and each child became alarmed at finding itself separated
from all its companions, and on striving to call out it could not. Thicker and thicker grew
the mist until it was quite dark, and the children, parted from each other, were bewildered
and knew not where they were.

Presently the mist gradually cleared away, and then, instead of Child Island and the pretty
houses, each child found itself in its own bed at Noviland.

Eagerly that morning did they tell their fond parents of the good fairy and Child Island, of
the beautiful palace and pretty houses, of the tiny musicians, the fairy slipper, and the strange
Nomen. And as each little tongue prattled its pretty tale, the parents smiled and said to each
other, "Truly our dear child has had a pleasant dream!"

But the children knew better; they knew there was a good fairy Corianda, and that she had taken
them to her magic isle, called Child Island.

E. HUNTER.

SCHOOL LUNCHEONS.

BY PHILLIS BROWNE, Author of "The Girl's Own Cookery Book."

The school arrangements of the present day are rather awkward for people who are accustomed
to take their meals at old-fashioned hours.
