The ball came from the candle, which seems to grow bigger and bigger the closer he approached. Inside the car sat the fairy coriander. It descended slowly in front of the palace, and while resting on the floor and then the fairy came back up and floated in the air.

"Well, now what happens to everyone? "Said the fairy, from among the children and relief for the afflicted." Why is all so sad and unhappy? Are you tired of being in this beautiful island? And what I really want to return to Noviland? "

"Yes, yes, please, take us back home," shouted everyone. "We've been very happy here, but now we go to our dear mothers and fathers. Please bring us home!"

"Okay," said the fairy, as I wish to you all back in his old home tomorrow morning. So goodbye to the Child Island, do not weep. "

So the fairy waved her hand, and immediately a silver haze surrounding the palace and the houses became less attractive and less distinct, until it was weak and only a dark outline them, then the mist grew thicker, and each child was alarmed to find himself of all his companions, and the effort of shouting could not. Grew thicker and thicker the fog, until night fell, and children were separated from each other, were stunned and did not know where they were.

Today the fog gradually cleared, and then, instead of the island and the pretty houses Child, each child was in his own bed in Noviland.

Eager morning I had to tell her parents the good fairy fans and Child Island, Palace of Fine and pretty houses, musicians small, fairy slipper, and the strange nomenclature. And as each language and its nice story talking, parents smiled and said to each other, "Truly our son has had a pleasant dream!"

But the children knew better, they knew it was a good Fairy Coriander and that she had brought to their island of magic, called Child Island.

E. Hunter.

SCHOOL LUNCHES.

BY PHILLIS BROWNE, author of "Cookbook of the girl."

The structure of the school today are quite uncomfortable for people who are accustomed to eat in the old hours.
