“Repeatedly driven away, you will be back for revenge for your cruelest enemy. But strong hand of France can not be held back with such hinderance. Have a heart of tyrant but in your heart only. You must not show it. And you will have a sovereign in your hand only to be taken away and see it slip through your fingers.“

Monsieur the Count d’Artois asks, “Pray, Conjurer, Sir, who is going to be the robber?”

I can’t say for sure since this and here my dream ended. I was fallen asleep on a stone bench on the Avenue de Paris and I was awakened by the noise of whirling wheels of carriages and clattering noises national guards, lancers and outriders in red, were making. His Majesty, Louis Philippe was paying a visit to the palace where several pictures of his glorious deeds are kept, which he himself dedicated for all the glories of France.

1739, Versailles

By Thomas Gray

These are from a letter to his friend West.

What a display of deprecation. It is made up with three courts. All you can see at once. These views are slowly diminishing until you come to the royal apartments. On one side a half dozen windows and a balcony. The balcony is the only structure you can call a front edifice. Rest is only wings, great wings. Black and dirty red and yellow are the hues of all this massive structure. Stones are black changed by its age; mixture of bricks are red; the last, a large quantity of tarnished gilding is yellow. You can’t find any more unpleasant combination intended for a display. And to finish it off, small busts of yellowish brown hue are placed between every two windows.

We must pass all these to go into the garden. Here, its appearance changes dramatically. It is vast and magnificent compared to the back front. You see in front of you is a very spacious terrace spreading out, adorned with large basons, two of them, being bordered, lined with white marble like most others like them. Handsome bronze statues on their edges, reclining. From here you walk down a huge flight of steps into a semi-circle made with woods cut into niches where white marble statues, copies of famous antique statues, filling the place. In the middle, there she stands, the bason of Latona. She and her children are on the top of a rock, standing, surrounded by peasants, half changed into a frog, some totally. All frogs are spewing out, gushing out water at her.

Then from here you run through the great alley into a round ground where the bason of Apollo stands, the biggest in these gardens.
