Again driven away, your bitterest
enemy shall bring you back. But the strong limbs of France are not to be chained by such a
paltry yoke as you can put on her: you shall be a tyrant, but in will only; and shall have
a scepter, but to see it robbed from your hand."

"And pray, Sir Conjurer, who shall be the robber?" asked Monsieur the Count d'Artois.

This I can not say, for here my dream ended. The fact is, I had fallen asleep on one of the
stone benches in the Avenue de Paris, and at this instant was awakened by a whirling of carriages
and a great clattering of national guards, lancers, and outriders, in red. His Majesty, Louis
Philippe, was going to pay a visit to the palace; which contains several pictures of his own
glorious actions, and which has been dedicated, by him, to all the glories of France.

Versailles in 1739

By Thomas Gray

[Footnote: From a letter to his friend West.]

What a huge heap of littleness! It is composed, as it were, of three courts, all open to the
eye at once, and gradually diminishing till you come to the royal apartments, which on this
side present but half a dozen windows and a balcony. This last is all that can be called a
front, for the rest is only great wings. The hue of all this mass is black, dirty red, and
yellow; the first proceeding from stone changed by age; the second, from a mixture of brick;
and the last, from a profusion of tarnished gilding. You can not see a more disagreeable tout
ensemble; and, to finish the matter, it is all stuck over in many places with small busts of
a tawny hue between every two windows.

We pass through this to go into the garden, and here the case is indeed altered; nothing can
be vaster and more magnificent than the back front; before it a very spacious terrace spreads
itself, adorned with two large basons; these are bordered and lined (as most of the others)
with white marble, with handsome statues of bronze reclined on their edges. From hence you
descend a huge flight of steps into a semi-circle formed by woods, that are cut all around
into niches, which are filled with beautiful copies of all the famous antique statues in white
marble. Just in the midst is the bason of Latona; she and her children are standing on the
top of a rock in the middle, on the sides of which are the peasants, some half, some totally
changed into frogs, all which throw out water at her in great plenty.

From this place runs on the great alley, which brings you into a complete round, where is the
bason of Apollo, the biggest in the gardens.
