Mr. Melvin Forbes, his friend and a man who had just started a stationery and paper business opposite, spent the night with him. The milkman had a tendency to bring milk to the door early in the morning. A woman, who came up by boat and was leaving in the early morning by train for St. Paul, knocked on the door of the postoffice asking if any mail had been forwarded to her.  Mr. Forbes, who was expecting the milkman to be the one at the door, leaped out of bed, caught Mr. Marvin's fireman's helmet and put it on, opened the door wide quickly and took a bow in his short white night shirt and said, "Good morning". It was not until he raised his head that he saw the woman. It was at that moment that I began to wonder what was the first impression she formed of Duluth in her short stay here.

During that time I liked to watch the Indians.  They were a common sight in those early days in Duluth, when they would come into town with their dog teams, the sledges laden down with skins which they would later exchange for provisions. The dog teams were very interesting.  Most were intelligent well trained Indian dogs. There were usually between three or four dogs who drove tandem with a simple harness consisting of a collar and a strap around each dog's body.  The driver always ran or walked by the side of the sledge, but he would never sit in it. In Alaska, it was popular to see pictures of dog teams with a dozen or more dogs, but that would have been impossible in a heavily wooded country as was the case in those days.

The Indians did not know how to use a door bell, but if they ever found the door of a house unlocked they would walk in without knocking. One New Year's Day I remember we found that six Indians had quietly taken possession in the sitting room, two men and four squaws. They approached us, offering to shake our hands and saying, "'Appy New Year, ten cents." "'Appy New Year, ten cents." It was just about all the English they could speak but they knew very well what it meant and did not leave the room until each one of them had received their due. We were pleased to see them leave.
 
I also foundly remember a funeral in the early days. The mourners followed the coffin on foot, which was placed in a wagon and drawn by one horse.
