His friend, Mr. Melvin Forbes, who had
just started in the paper and stationery business opposite, spent the night with him. The milkman
was in the habit of bringing milk to the door in the morning. A lady who had come up by boat
and was leaving by train in the early morning for St. Paul knocked on the door of the postoffice
to inquire if any mail had been forwarded to her there. Mr. Forbes, supposing the milkman was
at the door, leaped out of bed, caught Mr. Marvin's fireman's helmet and put it on his head,
opened the door wide with a flourish and making a profound bow in his short white night shirt
said, "Good morning." Not until he raised his head did he see the lady. I have often wondered
what opinion she formed of Duluth in her short stay here.

I used to watch the Indians who were a common sight in those early days in Duluth, especially
in the winter, when they would come into town with their dog teams, the sledges laden down
with skins which they exchanged for provisions. The dog teams were very interesting with their
intelligent well trained Indian dogs. There were usually three or four dogs driven tandem with
a simple harness consisting of a collar and a strap around the body of each. The driver always
ran or walked by the side of the sledge never sitting on it. We see pictures of dog teams in
Alaska, for instance, with a dozen or more dogs, but that would have been impossible in a heavily
wooded country as this was in those days.

The Indians did not know the use of a door bell, neither did they stand on ceremony, but if
they found the door of a house unlocked they walked in without knocking. I remember that one
New Year's Day we found on going into the sitting room after dinner, that six Indians had quietly
taken possession, two men and four squaws. They advanced, offering to shake hands and saying,
"'Appy New Year, ten cents." "'Appy New Year, ten cents." It was all the English they could
speak but they knew well what it meant and did not leave until each one had received a gift.
We were glad enough to see them go and to open the windows.

I well remember a funeral which occurred in the early days. The coffin was placed in a wagon
which was drawn by one horse and the mourners followed on foot.
