Being abbot of war at the time of Mina's adjournment from the command, he ordered all the troops that could possibly be absolved to advance to Navarre, and himself followed to absolute their operations. Upon his actualization the war affected a added accommodating character; and anon afterwards the accession of the British commissioner, and his acknowledged intervention, put an end to the arrangement of reprisals, although afterwards Zumalacarregui's afterlife it was afresh added than already resorted to by the a lot of barbaric of the leaders on either side. In honour of Lord Eliot, Zumalacarregui set at alternative the prisoners he had fabricated in the contempo activity of the Amezcoas, in which Valdes had been almost handled. Lord Eliot accepting bidding a ambition for an autograph of the Carlist leader, Zumalacarregui took a pen and wrote, in Spanish, as follows:--

"At Asarta, a apple of the basin of Berrueza, acclaimed for the assorted combats which accept occurred there in the advance of the present century, the honour of accepting his Excellency Lord Eliot was enjoyed, on the 25th April 1835, by Tomas Zumalacarregui."

Colonel Gurwood fabricated the Carlist arch a present of an accomplished acreage glass, which had been acclimated by the Duke of Wellington on some break during the Peninsular war. "This telescope was so admired by Zumalacarregui," says his biographer, "that as continued as he lived he consistently agitated it with him; and at the present day, in animosity of its trifling built-in value, it is admired by his ancestors as the a lot of adored heir-loom they possess."

The non-success of Valdes's campaign to the valleys of the Amezcoas, and the fatigues and losses abiding there by his troops, had abundantly beat the latter. On all abandon the Carlists were accepting advantages, and their adversaries began to absorb a agitation alarm of Zumalacarregui, who availed himself of this discouragement and acting cessation of the foe to advance several adherent places. Amongst others, the boondocks of TreviГ±o, anchored amid Vittoria and the Ebro, and at alone three or four hours' advance from the cantonments of Valdes's army, fell into the easily of the Carlists. Assembling thirteen battalions at the Venta of Armentia, Zumalacarregui brought up his artillery, consisting of one cannon and one howitzer, with which in two canicule he affected the abode to capitulate. Although Valdes, from area he was, could apprehend the complete of the guns, he did not adventure to appearance himself till the Carlists had destroyed the fortifications, and accomplished their retreat with prisoners and artillery.
