250.)

I greatly regret that there should be anything in the matter or manner of my Query on this
subject to induce MR. DE MORGAN to reply to it more as if repelling an offence, than assisting
in the investigation of an interesting question on a subject with which he is supposed to be
especially conversant. I can assure him that I had no other object in writing ninth numerically
instead of literally, or in omitting the words he has restored in brackets, or in italicising
two words to which I wished my question more particularly to refer, than that of economising
space and avoiding needless repetition; and in the use of the word "usage" rather than "law,"
of which he also complains, I was perhaps unduly influenced by the title of his own treatise,
from which I was quoting. But however I may have erred from exact quotation, it is manifest
I did not misunderstand the sense of the passage, since MR. DE MORGAN now repeats its substance
in these words,--

    "I cannot make out that the law ever recognised a day of twenty-four
    hours, beginning at any hour except midnight."

This is clearly at direct issue with Ben Jonson, whose introduced phrases, "pleaded nonage,"
"wardship," "pupillage," &c., seem to smack too much of legal technology to countenance the
supposition of poetic license.

But had I not accidentally met with an interesting confirmation of Ben Jonson's law of usage,
or usage of law, I should not have put forth my Query at all, nor presumed to address it to
PROFESSOR DE MORGAN; my principal reason for so doing being that the interest attaching to
discovered evidence of a forgotten usage in legal reckoning, must of course be increased tenfold
if it should appear to have been unknown to a gentleman of such deep and acknowledged research
into that and kindred subjects.

In a black-letter octavo entitled A Concordancie of Yeares, published in and for the year 1615,
and therefore about the very time when Ben Jonson was writing, I find the following in chap. xiii.:

    "The day is of two sorts, natural and artificiall: the natural day is
    the space of 24 hours, in which time the sunne is carried by the first
    Mover, from the east into the west, and so round about the world into
    the east againe."
