250.)

I very much regret that there should be or how something in My query on this subject to induce MR. Morgan to meet him more than if it rejects a crime, only assist in the investigation of an interesting question on a subject with which he is supposed to be particularly familiar. I can assure him that we had no other object, in writing, instead of nine numeric literal, or omitting the words he has restored brackets italicising or two words to my question that I wanted especially refer only to that of economising space and avoid duplication, and the use of the word "use" rather than "law" of which he complains, also, I was probably unduly influenced by title of its own treaty, from which I was quoting. But however we may have erred on the exact quotation, it is obvious I did not misunderstand the meaning of the passage, as Mr. Morgan fund now repeat these words -

"I can not ever acknowledged that the law one day twenty-four hours, starting at any time except midnight."

This is clearly in direct discussion with Ben Jonson, which brought the phrase "pleaded immaturity," "wardship," pupillage "& C, seem to smack too much of legal technology face the assumption of poetic license.

But I had not accidentally met an interesting confirmation of Ben Jonson as the use or the use of law should not put forward my request at all, do not assume that this address Professor Morgan, my main reason in this respect is that the interest related to evidence uncovered by a user looking in legal expense, must of course be increased tenfold if they should appear to have been unknown to a man of deep research and recognized that and related topics.

In one octavo black letter entitled A Concordance of Yeares, published for the year 1615, and therefore about the very time when Ben Jonson was writing, I found the following in the head. xiii.:

"Day is of two kinds, natural and artificiall: natural day is the space of 24 hours, during which the Sunne is done by the first mover, east to the west, and so round the world in the east again. "
