Blood must go somewhere, and if driven from the surface, is to withdraw within cavities. Therefore, this compulsion to vital organs causing pain fullness pressure and dilated blood vessels and organic features are embarrassed. In addition, cold silent surface pores of the skin, which are among the most active and major excretory ducts of the system. It is therefore clear that we need suitable clothing, not only for comfort, but to maintain the temperature and functions essential for health and life.

The main object is to be achieved by maintaining a dress uniform temperature of the body. To achieve this purpose, the exhalations of the system, which are constantly escaping through the pores of the skin, should be absorbed or conducted away from the person. These take the form of perspiration exudations sensitive or insensitive, and clothing to be healthy should be porous so as to allow air to escape freely.

A substance should also be chosen, which is known to be a poor conductor of heat. Generated so that the system will be preserved where needed, instead of being released into the atmosphere.

We might add that the best material to achieve these goals, less will be required to wear, because we do not want to carry or any material with us more than is necessary. It happens that all these qualities are combined in flannel. The value of this article worn on the skin can not be over-rated, while it provides protection for the cold winter months, it is equally beneficial during summer heat because sweat imbibes, and very porous allow to escape. Skin always feels soft, smooth, and pliable, when worn, but when there is cotton, it soon becomes dry and rough. natural adaptability to these purposes, states that as a source of comfort and health. If the skin is very delicate, sometimes causing irritation flannel. In such cases a thin fabric of cotton or silk underwear should be worn on the skin immediately with the flannel over it. If there is an extremely uniform degree heat, linen and cotton are very favorable for comfort. But they are inappropriate in a climate or season for nature to sudden temperature fluctuations.

The amount of fur, where people are exposed to low temperatures can not be overestimated. They are much warmer than wool, and are chiefly used as wraps go outdoors.
