The blood should go anywhere, and if motivated from the surface, it retreats to the cavities within. Thus this repletion of the critical organs causes ache from stress and completeness of the swollen blood-vessels, and the natural functions are humiliated. In addition, cold upon the exterior shuts up the pores of the skin, which are among the mainly energetic and significant excretory ducts of the structure. It is simple, then, that we need appropriate garments, not just for soothe, but to preserve the warmth and functions vital to fitness and life. 

The chief aim to be attained by clothing is the preservation of a consistent hotness of the body. To reach this end, it is essential that the exhalations of the structure, which are frequently evading through the pores of the skin, must be engrossed or conducted away from the individual. These exudations happen in the shape of sensible or insensible perspiration, and the garments, to be fit, should be so absorbent as to permit them generously to flee into the atmosphere. 

A material must also be selected which is branded to be a poor conductor of temperature. That generated by the structure will therefore be retained where it is desired, instead of being detached into the air. 

We may put in that the superior the fabric for accomplishing these purposes, the fewer will be required to be worn; for we do not desire to put on or take about with us any more stuff than is essential. It so happens that all of these characters are found collective in flannel. The price of this item worn next to the skin cannot be over-rated, for while it affords guard from freezing in the wintry weather, it is evenly useful throughout the warm of summer, as it imbibes the perspiration, and being extremely spongy, allows it to flee. The skin constantly feels soft, silky, and flexible, while it is worn; but, once cotton takes its position, it quickly becomes dry and harsh. Its normal flexibility to these purposes shows that it is evenly a console and a basis of fitness. Where the skin is extremely fragile, flannel occasionally causes frustration. In such cases a slim material of linen, cotton, or silk, must be worn next the skin, with flannel instantly above it. Where there is an identical and great quantity of heat, cotton and linen are very conducive to calm. But they are inappropriate in a weather or period liable to unexpected fluctuations in hotness. 

The cost of furs, where people are bare to tremendous cold, cannot be overvalued. They are a lot heater than wool, and are primarily used as wraps on going in the open.
