The blood must go somewhere, and if driven from the
surface, it retreats to the cavities within. Hence this repletion of the vital organs causes
pain from pressure and fullness of the distended blood-vessels, and the organic functions are
embarrassed. Besides, cold upon the surface shuts up the pores of the skin, which are among
the most active and important excretory ducts of the system. It is evident, then, that we require
suitable clothing, not only for comfort, but to maintain the temperature and functions essential
to health and life.

The chief object to be attained by dress is the maintenance of a uniform temperature of the
body. To attain this end, it is necessary that the exhalations of the system, which are continually
escaping through the pores of the skin, should be absorbed or conducted away from the person.
These exudations occur in the form of sensible or insensible perspiration, and the clothing,
to be healthy, should be so porous as to allow them freely to escape into the air.

A substance should also be chosen which is known to be a poor conductor of heat. That generated
by the system will thus be retained where it is needed, instead of being dispersed into the
atmosphere.

We might add that the better the material for accomplishing these purposes, the less will be
needed to be worn; for we do not wish to wear or carry about with us any more material than
is necessary. It so happens that all of these qualities are found combined in flannel. The
value of this article worn next to the skin cannot be over-rated, for while it affords protection
from cold during the winter months, it is equally beneficial during the heat of summer, because
it imbibes the perspiration, and being very porous, allows it to escape. The skin always feels
soft, smooth, and pliable, when it is worn; but, when cotton takes its place, it soon becomes
dry and harsh. Its natural adaptability to these purposes, shows that it is equally a comfort
and a source of health. Where the skin is very delicate, flannel sometimes causes irritation.
In such cases a thin fabric of linen, cotton, or silk, should be worn next the skin, with flannel
immediately over it. Where there is a uniform and extreme degree of heat, cotton and linen
are very conducive to comfort. But they are unsuitable in a climate or season liable to sudden
fluctuations in temperature.

The value of furs, where people are exposed to extreme cold, cannot be overestimated. They
are much warmer than wool, and are chiefly used as wraps on going outdoors.
