
The atmosphere absorbs some portion of the light which it receives. It is not all reflected
or refracted or even penetrative.

Objects seen under various degrees of light, either convected or retarded by different media,
appear near or distant, distinct or confused. Thus, we are often surprised at the apparent
nearness and brightness of an opposite shore or neighboring island, in some conditions of the
air, while at other times they seem distant and lie in shadowy obscurity.

The looming up of a vessel on the water is another common instance of the principle of refraction.

It has been noticed by almost every one, that, during the warm and moist nights of summer,
the moon, as she rises above the horizon, appears much larger than when at the zenith. So the
setting sun is seen of apparently increased size. Sir John Herschel asserts that the appearance
is an illusion, and so do some others. Professor Carey says, that, if we look through a paper
tube at the moon when on the horizon, the paper being folded so as to make the aperture of
its exact size, and then look again at it when it reaches the zenith, we shall find there is
no difference.

On the other hand, an experiment is offered by a German Professor, of the name of Milo, of
this kind: If we look through a tube so constructed as to have one side filled with spirits
of wine and the other with common air, the half of the object seen through the former will
be found to appear much larger to the eye than the other half seen through the latter.

It is laid down, that, where extraordinary refraction takes place laterally or vertically,
the visual angle of the spectator is singularly enlarged, and objects are magnified, as if
seen through a telescope. Dr. Scoresby, a celebrated meteorologist and navigator, mentions
some curious instances of the effects of refraction seen by him in the Arctic Ocean.

Many remarkable phenomena attend this state of the atmosphere, known as the Fata Morgana of
Sicily, the Mirage of the Desert, the Spectre of the Brocken, and the more common exhibitions
of halos, coronæ, and mock suns. The Mountain House at Catskill has repeatedly been seen brightly
pictured on the clouds below. Rainbows are also due to this condition of the atmosphere.
