The atmosphere soaks up some parts of the light which it receives. It is not all reflected or refracted or even penetrative.

Objects that are seen under different degrees of light either meant to transfer or to delay by different means, may appear near or far, clear or unclear. Due to this we are surprised at how near or bright we assume a shore or neighbouring island may be in certain conditions of the air or even at times how distant and shadowy they may seem.

The way a ship or other such vessel sometimes appears on the water is another common example of refraction.

Most people have noticed that during very warm but moist summer nights that the moon appears much larger as she rises than when it reaches its Zenith. Which also means that the sun appears increased in size.Sir John Herschel states that it is a mere illusion and so do many others. Professor Carey states that if we were to look through a paper tube folded to the moons exact size when it is on the horizon and then do so again when it reaches it's zenith there would be no difference in the size at all.

An experiment is offered by a German professor called Milo. If we were to look through a tube made to have one side filled with wine and the other with air the half of the object seen through the wine will appear to be much larger to the eye than the half with air.

Where extraordinary refraction takes place either alongside or upright the visual angle of the onlooker will be larger and objects will be magnified as if seen through a telescope or magnifying glass. Dr Scoresby a famous meteorologist and navigator mentions some strange instances of the effects that he has seen on the Atlantic Ocean.

Many unusual occurences are present in this state of the atmosphere known as the Fata Morgana of Sicily, the Mirage of the Desert, the Spectre of the Brocken and the more common exhibitions of halos,corona and mock suns. The Mountain house at Catskill has been seen a lot brightly pictured on the clouds below. Rainbows are also due to the conditions of the atmosphere.
