Folklore has it that she drowned, perhaps when she plummeted from the rocks or when she was caught in the incoming tide and pulled out to sea.

Southey was moved by the Valley of Rocks.  It seemed so untamed, so large and sad, full of 'peaks and jutting edges.'  He said, "Picture a slender valley traveling between two mountainous areas, the southern one grassy, and the valley itself, going from east to west, full of large and small rocks decorating the otherwise fern-covered land.  The northern face boasts not a single blade of grass or even a bit of dirt, but rather is a rocky cliff, a large, impressive, almost overwhelming presence. Like the abode of preAdamite kings, this rocky hill seemed to have no specific shape, but was also reminiscent of what was left after the floodwaters had receded.  I climbed with difficulty to the top, which was formed by two big rocks leaning against each other and creating a sort of gate to the peak.  When I sat, I could see a small flat place, approximately six feet in length, in front of me, and then I noticed the ocean which was incredibly far down from where I reposed.  I had never before felt so much at peace.'  The rocks are so well known that people have christened them:  two examples are the Castle Rock which overlooks the ocean and the Devil's Cheesewring, which can be found inside the vale.  One can walk a path, not a large one, which has been carved into the rocks which lead down from the top to the vale, 'where rocks and other bits of stone, all reds and grays, and coated with mosses and ivy, create dabs of color on the side of the mountain;' and when you trudge on for close to a mile you find yourself in Lynton.

Lynton sits proudly on crags almost a thousand feet directly above Lynmouth, and it overlooks the inlet, which is formed by two ravines which come in from the south.  The two ravines carry the East and West Lyns, which peek out from the thick trees surrounding them, and these two creeks meet up just prior to approaching the ocean shore.  Countisbury Foreland can be found on the east of the pier and reaches deeply into the water, and running between the foreland and the mainland you can find yet another deep, curving slit in the land.

One time I was privileged to behold the bay in the enchanting light of dawn.  Land, sky and water were coated in the palest, gentlest shade of gray, and, just visible above the horizon, I could make out the merest hint of a soft, blush of pink.
