Some say that she fell of the rocks, and others that she was washed away by the tide,but both accounts agree that she was drowned.
 The Valley of Rocks is wild, grand, and rather dreary. 'all crags and pinnacles. 'Southey was deeply impressed by it:'Imagine a narrow vale between two ridges of hills somewhat steep; the southern hil turfed; the vale, which runs from east to west, covered with huge stones and fragments of stone among the fern that fills it;the northern ridge completely bare, excoriated of all turf and all soil, the very bones and skeletonsof the earth;rok reclining upon rock,stone piled upon stone, a huge terrific, mass--a palace of the preAdamite kings, a city of the Anakim,must have appeared so shapeless, and yet so like the  ruinsof what had been shaped after the waters of the flood had subsided. I ascended with some toil the highest point;two large stones inclining on each other formed a rude portal on the summit. HereI sat down. A little level platform, about two yards long, lay before me, and then the eye immediately fell upon the sea, far, very far below. I never felt the sublimity of solitude before.' Names have been given to the great rock-masses. The Castle Rock looks far over the sea, the Devil's Cheesewring is on the inner side of the valley, and there are many others. A narrow path cut in the deep descent of the cliffs leads from the valley, 'where screes and boulders, red and grey and orange, covered for the most part with lichen or tendrils of ground-ivy, lend splashes of vivid colouring to the hill-side;' and about a mile farther on is Lynton. 

Perched on the cliffs nine hundred feet immediately above Lynmouth, Lynton looks down to the inlet, into which two ravines open from the south. Down these ravines rush the East and West Lyns, hidden among the woods; and the two streams join just before they reach the sea-shore. Countisbury Foreland stands high to the east of the harbour and stretches far out into the sea, and between the foreland and the mainland is another long, steep, winding cleft. 

I once saw the bay in an exquisite light very early in the morning. Earth and sky and sea were all veiled in the softest grey, and in the sky was one little flush of pale rose pink
