I used to listen with delight to stories of my seniors, and to marvel that in so short a space of time so great an improvement was made. A friend told me that earlier in life he traveled from Gloucester to Hereford in a coach who made the trip about thirty miles between five o'clock in the morning and seven evening. I took it for granted that they stopped on their way to lunch and an afternoon spent on smoking (34) napping, or playing at bowls. But he would not confirm anything like this, and the impression was that his mind kept going (such going as), excluding time spent in torment horses, which I have not changed - except where indeed were growing worse by fatigue. Another friend, a doctor from Sheffield, said that one of the first times (perhaps it can be said, first) as a coach began in London, he was a passenger. Without setting unreasonably early morning or late in the night shift made such progress, that first night staying in Nottingham and the second at Market Harborough. Third morning were up early and off at five, and a long pull and a strong pull a long day, they were in time to hear the clock strike Bow Church eleven or twelve (I forgot that) as they passed through Cheapside. In fact, such things have always seemed to be pointed to can not tell you how, or even in which direction they may take a little ray of light on an obscure point of history. On this principle I thought it worth while to copy an original bill that recently fell into my hands. Many of these have been reprinted, but I am not aware that it has, and that what is desired is a number, each bit can help. Is as follows: -

"Four YORK Dayes

"Stage-Coach

"It starts Monday, March 18 1678.

"And returning from York to Doncaster in the morning, the Newark one day and a half in two days of Stamford, and Stamford from London in two days more.

/ Moulen Henry "performed by <Margaret Gardner  Francis Gardner."

But I can not deny that, while I listened, and enjoy these stories, I had some doubts about the overall justice was done for the other side of the question. I always felt as if I had a guilty knowledge as a contradictory fact, I learned between twenty and thirty years ago, and that no one whom I met was still unable to explain.
