I used to listen with delight to the stories of my seniors, and to marvel that in
so short a space of time so great an improvement had been made. One friend told me that in
earlier life he had travelled from Gloucester to Hereford in a coach, which performed the journey
of about thirty miles between the hours of five in the morning and seven in the evening. I
took it for granted that they stopped on the road to dine, and spent a long afternoon in smoking,
{34} napping, or playing at bowls. But he would not acknowledge anything of the kind, and the
impression on his mind was that they kept going (such going as it was), except during the time
necessarily expended in baiting the horses, who, I think, were not changed--unless indeed it
were from bad to worse by fatigue. Another friend, a physician at Sheffield, told me that one
of the first times (perhaps he may have said, the first) that a coach started for London, he
was a passenger. Without setting out unreasonably early in the morning, or travelling late
at night they made such progress, that the first night they lay at Nottingham, and the second
at Market Harborough. The third morning they were up early, and off at five o'clock; and by
a long pull and a strong pull through a long day, they were in time to hear Bow Church clock
strike eleven or twelve (I forget which) as they passed through Cheapside. In fact such things
have always seemed to me to be worth noting, for you never can tell to what extent, or even
in what direction, they may throw some little ray of light on an obscure point of history.
On this principle I thought it worth while to copy an original bill which lately fell into
my hands. Many such have been reprinted, but I am not aware that this one has; and as what
is wanted is a series, every little may help. It is as follows:--

"YORK Four Dayes

"Stage-Coach

"Begins on Monday the 18 of March 1678.

"And returns from York to Doncaster in a Forenoon, to Newark in a day and a half, to Stamford
in Two days, and from Stamford to London in Two days more.

                 / Henry Moulen
  "Performed by <  Margaret Gardner
                  Francis Gardner."

But I cannot deny that, while I have listened to, and rejoiced in, these stories, I have had
some doubt whether full justice has been done to the other side of the question. I have always
felt as if I had a sort of guilty knowledge of one contradictory fact, which I learned between
twenty and thirty years ago, and which no one whom I have yet met with has been able to explain.
