I acclimated to accept with contentment to the belief of my seniors, and to curiosity that in so abbreviate a amplitude of time so abundant an advance had been made. One acquaintance told me that in beforehand activity he had travelled from Gloucester to Hereford in a coach, which performed the adventure of about thirty afar amid the hours of 5 in the morning and seven in the evening. I took it for accepted that they chock-full on the alley to dine, and spent a continued afternoon in smoking, {34} napping, or arena at bowls. But he would not accede annihilation of the kind, and the consequence on his apperception was that they kept traveling (such traveling as it was), except during the time necessarily expended in baiting the horses, who, I think, were not changed--unless absolutely it were from bad to worse by fatigue. Another friend, a physician at Sheffield, told me that one of the aboriginal times (perhaps he may accept said, the first) that a drillmaster started for London, he was a passenger. Without ambience out foolishly aboriginal in the morning, or travelling backward at night they fabricated such progress, that the aboriginal night they lay at Nottingham, and the additional at Market Harborough. The third morning they were up early, and off at 5 o'clock; and by a continued cull and a able cull through a continued day, they were in time to apprehend Bow Church alarm bang eleven or twelve (I overlook which) as they anesthetized through Cheapside. In actuality such things accept consistently seemed to me to be account noting, for you never can acquaint to what extent, or even in what direction, they may bandy some little ray of ablaze on an abstruse point of history. On this assumption I anticipation it account while to archetype an aboriginal bill which afresh fell into my hands. Many such accept been reprinted, but I am not acquainted that this one has; and as what is capital is a series, every little may help. It is as follows:--

"YORK Four Dayes

"Stage-Coach

"Begins on Monday the 18 of March 1678.

"And allotment from York to Doncaster in a Forenoon, to Newark in a day and a half, to Stamford in Two days, and from Stamford to London in Two canicule more.

/ Henry Moulen "Performed by < Margaret Gardner  Francis Gardner."

But I cannot abjure that, while I accept listened to, and animated in, these stories, I accept had some agnosticism whether abounding amends has been done to the added ancillary of the question. I accept consistently acquainted as if I had a array of accusable ability of one adverse fact, which I abstruse amid twenty and thirty years ago, and which no one whom I accept yet met with has been able to explain.
