Older people's stories make one realize how much things have improved in such a short time. One friend told me that in the past, to travel from Gloucester to Hereford by coach, it took 14 hours to cover a distance of 30 miles. One must assume that they stopped on the way to eat, and spent a long time smoking, napping, or bowling. But he was adamant that they kept going except for when they needed to bait the horses. I do not think they changed the horses, except to make them even worse by tiring them out. Another friend, a doctor from Sheffield, told me about the time that he was one of the first (or maybe even the first!) passenger on a coach to London. Although they did not start out extremely early in the morning, and did not travel too late into the night, they made excellent progress. The first night they stopped in Nottingham, and the next, in Market Harborough. The following day they rose early and began travelling at five o'clock. They travelled long and strong throughout the day, and arrived in time to hear the Bow Church clock strike eleven or twelve in the town of Cheapside. It seems to me, that such things are always worth noting, because you never know how much, or even in which direction, they might illuminate some lesser known point of historical fact. Following this principle, I recently obtained an original bill, and thought it would be useful to copy it. Such bills are commonly reprinted, but I do not know if this one has been. Since a series is what is wanted, every little bit helps. It reads:

"YORK Four Dayes

"Stage-Coach

"Begins on Monday the 18 of March 1678.

"And returns from York to Doncaster in a Forenoon, to Newark in a day and a half, to Stamford in Two days, and from Stamford to London in Two days more. 

/ Henry Moulen "Performed by <Margaret Gardner  Francis Gardner."

Although I have listened to and greatly enjoyed these stories, I had some question as to whether the other side of the question has received full justice. My feeling was that I had a guilty knowledge of one fact which was contradictory, which I learned 20-30 years ago, and I have as yet been unable to find a good explanation for.
