Usually I have been used to watch enthusiastically and delightfully about the stories of my seniors.  And I will be anxiously watching their marvelous experience and their improvements in a very shortest period. One friend told me about his past experience.  According to his saying, regularly he was traveling from Gloucester to Hereford in a coach.  Totally he was traveling for about thirty miles and daily twice that is once in the early morning and once in the evening he was traveling his regular journey. I took it for granted that they stopped on the road to dine.  I spent a long afternoon in smoking, napping and playing with full of bowls. But actually he was completely far away from these doings. He had an impression on his mind that they are keeping their doings in their leisure hours.  Except  during the time necessarily expended in baiting the horses, who, I think, were not changed--unless indeed it were from bad to worse by fatigue. In the same manner, another friend, a physician at Sheffield, told me that one of the first times (perhaps he may have said, the first) when a coach started for London, he was traveling as a passenger. Without setting out unreasonably early in the morning, or traveling late at night they made such progress. 

In the first night, they laid at Nottingham and the second night they laid at market Harborough. In the third morning they were up early, and off at five o'clock.  Due to their long pull and a strong pull throughout a long day, they were in time to hear Bow Church that is at eleven or twelve o’clock then they have passed through cheap side. 

In fact I have become used to watch such thing very eagerly and enthusiastically and they are all very worth noting for me. Actually they had been telling about their experience not in a detailed manner.  But they had been telling only about to little extent and through some little rays of light only. According to this principle, I can assure that the copy of an original bill be assured fell on my hands in delay. Out of all such bills, so many bills are not so original and they resemble as printed one. But I am not aware that this one has; and as what is wanted is a series, every little may help. It is as follows:-- 
"Four days in New York.  
"Stage-Coach” 
Journey will begin on Monday, 18th of March 1678. 
We will be returned from New York to Doncaster in a Forenoon.  We will be staying at New York for one and half days and in Stamford for Two days and from Stamford to London in Two days more. 
Henry Moulen "Performed by Margaret Gardner and Francis Gardner." 
But I cannot deny that, when I was listening to and rejoiced in these stories; I have had some doubt whether full justice has been done to the other side of the question. I have always felt as if I had a sort of guilty knowledge of one contradictory fact, which I learned between twenty and thirty years ago, and which no one whom I have yet met with has been able to explain.
