It was less expensive for you to visit me, as opposed to seeing more upstanding men.

Did I not dine in your company and greedily chew the beef bone? Did seeing the marrow bare and exposed give you a chiil and did you not seee it as less appealing then musk? Did I not open my mouth wider than the distance btween Moore and Ryder?

My anger is causing me to write obsceneties. What the hell? We must be turned out to please the monarch's mews, from the thronged strand which seemed natural to us. Where piety is as thick as out hunger, growling in our cells and rebelling against change, wishing against it and not for it.

Precious corner by the library, god whose showy board I used to crow. Frightening my peers when people visited. Ot Mr. Clark's cooking utensils below; I grieve for those in the king's mews, Mr. Cross get to Mr. Southey's muse to sing a mournful tune.

I am different yes, like the coins from the mint sent to find the shelter of another. Changed as political fluff which members print and forget after their election. Ah! Mr. Cross you are unappreciative, you might have asked me where I was heading.

We have turned away similar to a minister whose residency consists of bread and fish. Finiding deferrence impossible, he offers it up to his wishes. "Listen though lately coming to my moan, and I'll tell you where we should have gone."

The arcade is where the monkey's should have stayed and joined the other primates who sat in shops where their clothes are already made. They should wear the new clothes to show how well they fill them out! The bears do not catch onto change and head to the West.

The Tiger's talons might serve a purpose in a blood letter to Doctor Brooks! The ounces fit well an a cozy place in the home of a confectioner or pastrycook. It is troubling though to find that sixteen ounces does not make a pund cake!

Excuse me elephant, I do beg pardon. Dead Chunee! Listen to my solemn rebellion and give your ivory to a garden convent, which will grant me free admission. The Lynx should leave and sally the winter theaters or a dark blind alley.

The beautiful Zebra, the Orient's striped ass. 'Instead of a den, and a straw bed, old Cambridge shouls have a pass, to filll the office of a wise professor; then after show each ancient quiz, he would gain possession of the zebra and call it his."
