The
Man of Sorrows is never far from him. To me there is something sacred and sweet in all suffering;
it is so much akin to the Man of Sorrows." It was thus he suffered, and thus that he was comforted.
He wrote back, agreeing to go, and added. "Remember me especially, who am heavy laden oftentimes.
My heart is all of sin; but Jesus lives."

They set out for England. Mr. Purves, Mr. Somerville of Anderston, Mr. Cumming of Dumbarney,
and Mr. Bonar of Kelso, formed the company. Their chief station was Newcastle, where Mr. Burns
had been recently laboring with some success, and where he had seen "a town giving itself up
to utter ungodliness, a town where Satan's trenches were deep and wide, his wall strong and
high, his garrison great and fearless, and where all that man could do seemed but as arrows
shot against a tower of brass." But those who went knew that the Spirit of God was omnipotent,
and that He could take the prey from the mighty.

They preached both in the open air, and in the places of worship belonging to the Presbyterians
and to the Wesleyan Methodists. The defenders of the Sabbath cause were specially prepared
to welcome Mr. M'Cheyne, whose tract on the Lord's Day has been widely circulated and blessed.
Many were attracted to hear; interesting congregations assembled in the market-place, and there
is reason to believe many were impressed. A person in the town describes Mr. M'Cheyne's last
address as being peculiarly awakening. He preached in the open air, in a space of ground between
the Cloth Market and St. Nicholas' Church. Above a thousand souls were present, and the service
continued till ten, without one person moving from the ground. The moon shone brightly, and
the sky was spangled with stars. His subject was, "The Great White Throne" (Rev. 20:11). In
concluding his address, he told them "that they would never meet again till they all met at
the judgment-seat of Christ; but the glorious heavens over their heads, and the bright moon
that shone upon them, and the old venerable church behind them, were his witnesses that he
had set before them life and death." Some will have cause to remember that night through eternity.[19]

     [19] He afterwards preached the same subject with equal
     impressiveness in the Meadows at Dundee. It was in the open air and
     the rain fell heavy, yet the dense crowd stood still to the last.

His preaching at Gilsland also was not without effect; and he had good cause to bless the Lord
for bringing him through Dumfriesshire in his way homeward.
