Man of Sorrows is never far from him. For me there is something sacred and sweet in all the suffering, but is so similar to the Man of Sorrows. "It was what he suffered, and therefore to be comforted. He replied, agreeing to go, and added." I remember in particular that I am often heavy load. My heart is all sin, but the life of Jesus. "

They left England. Mr. Purves, Mr. Somerville of Anderston, Mr. Cumming of Dumbarney, and Mr. Bonar of Kelso, created the company. His station chief was Newcastle, where Mr. Burns had recently been working with some success, and where he had seen "a people giving up the absolute wickedness, a city where Satan trenches were deep and wide, the wall of his strong and loud, its biggest and boldest garrison, and where all you can do when you have seemed like arrows fired but a tower of bronze. "But those who were aware that the Spirit of God was omnipotent, and could be prey of the powerful.

They preached both outdoors and in places of worship belonging to the Presbyterians and Wesleyan Methodists. The advocates were specially prepared Saturday to welcome Mr. M'Cheyne, whose treatise on the Lord's Day has been widely distributed and blessed. Many were drawn to listen, interesting congregations met in the marketplace, and no reason to believe that many were impressed. A person in the city described the last address of Mr. M'Cheyne as particularly awakening. He preached outdoors in an area of land between the cloth market and the Church of St. Nicholas. Over a thousand persons were present, and the continued service until ten, without a person moving from the ground. The moon was shining and the sky was studded with stars. His topic was "The Great White Throne" (Revelation 20:11). Concluding his speech, he said "that never meet again until everyone gathered in the court of Christ, but sunny skies overhead, and the bright moon shining on them, and the venerable old church behind them were his witnesses that he had set before them life and death. "Some will have cause to remember that night for all eternity [19].

[19] After he preached the same subject with equal grandeur in Dundee Meadows. It was outdoors and the rain was heavy, however, the dense crowd stopped until the end.

His preaching in Gilsland also was not without effect, and that was reason enough to bless the Lord for bringing him through Dumfriesshire on his return trip
