
"Look here," I said, stabbing at a plate of petit pois (1911) and mis-cueing badly, "what about
having Uncle Tom to stay for a few weeks?"

"Last time he came," replied Margery, "you said that nothing would induce you to ask him again.
You haven't forgotten his chronic dyspepsia, have you?"

"Of course not," I retorted, looking a little pained at such flagrant gaucherie; "but you can't
cast off a respectable blood relation because he happens to live on charcoal and hot water."

I delivered an irritable attack on a lentil pudding.

"Right-O," agreed Marjory. "And I'll ask Joan as well. She won't be able to come until Friday,
because she's having some teeth extracted on Thursday."

After all Marjory is not altogether without perception.

Dinner over I wrote, in my best style, a short spontaneous invitation to Uncle Tom. Margery
wrote a more discursive one to Joan.

"I think we ought to celebrate this," I suggested. "Let's be extravagant."

"All right," said Margery. "What shall it be, champagne or potatoes?"

Two days later I received the following:--

"MY DEAR JAMES,--Thank you very much for your invitation, which I am very pleased to accept.
The country, after all, is the proper place for old fogeys like myself, as it is very difficult
for them to live up to the present-day bustle of a large city. For the last six months I have
been doing odd jobs at a munition factory, which, I must admit, has benefited my health in
an extraordinary manner, so much so that I have entirely lost the troublesome dyspepsia I suffered
from, and now, you will be glad to hear, I am able to eat like a hunter, as we used to say.
Hoping to find you all flourishing on Thursday next, about lunch-time,

"Your affectionate UNCLE TOM."

Instinctively I took my belt in a hole. Then Margery silently placed this in front of me:--

"DARLING MARGERY,--How perfectly sweet of you! I shall simply love it. I am feeling especially
beany as I have just finished with the dentist--usually a hateful person--who found out, after
all, that it was not necessary to take out any of my teeth. I adore him. No time for more.
Heaps to tell you on Friday,

"Your loving J.J."

"Hullo! Where are you off to?" I asked, as Margery made for the door.

"Off to? Why, to put our names down on the Singleweeds' waiting list."

I took my belt up another hole and, whistling The Bing Boys out of sheer desperate bravado,
made my gloomy way to the potato patch.

       *       *       *       *       *

       *       *       *       *       *

A MASTER OF THE QUILL.
