"Look here",I said, stop penetrating/pointing a plate of petit pois i.e small green fresh green peas (1911) and mis-cueing in a undesirable way and guess "What about having Uncle Tom to get involve/stay with us for a few weeks ?"

"Last time he arrived/came",replied Margery."you said that nothing would assert you to ask him repeatedly.Aren't you remember his chronic dyspepsia which is a problem related to disturbance in digestion due to bacterial or viral infection or may be due to some other genuine reasons,are you? 

"Of course not,"I replied in a witty manner,looking a little pained at such blockhead or screwed up;"but you can't cast off a respectable or shed/molt blood relation because he happens to live in a difficult conditions or in a deep trouble."

I delivered an irritable attack on a lentil ( a bushy annual plant of the legume  family, grown for its lens-shaped seeds) pudding.

"Yes, you are right!!",agreed Marjory."And I'll pass this to joan as well.She won't be able to come before Friday, because she is having some medical treatmentof extracting or pulling out the teeth on Thursday".

After all Marjory is not altogether without knowledge or perception.

After having a great dinner I wrote, in my skillfull way, a short sweet and spontaneous invitation to Uncle Tom. Marjory wrote to Joan in a digressive manner.

"I think we ought to celebrate this," I suggested. "Let's show some extravagancy." 

"All right," said Margery. "What shall it be, champagne or potatoes?" 

Two days later I received the following:-- 

"MY DEAR JAMES,--Thank you very much for your invitaton, which I really appreciate and pleased to accept.The country, after all, is the proper place for old fashion people like myself,as it is very difficult for them to live up to the present-day bustle of a large city.For the past six months,I have been doing odd jobs at a munition (i.e all material used for war) factory,which, I must admit, has benefited my health in an extraordinary manner, so much so that I have entirely lost the painful dyspepsia I suffered from, and now, you will be glad to hear, I am able to eat like a hunter, as we used to say.Hoping to find you all flourishing on Thursday next, about lunch-time.

"Your affectionate UNCLE TOM." 

Spontaneously I took my belt in a hole. Then Margery silently placed this in front of me:-

"DARLING MARGERY,--How sweet of you!I shall simply love it.I am feeling at the top of the world i.e especially beany as I have just finished with the dentist--usually a hateful person--who found out, after all, that it was not necessary to take out any of my teeth.I adore him. No time for more. Heaps( to throw in a pile) to tell you on Friday.

"Always your loving J.J".

"Hello!Where are you off to(i.e right or wrong)?" I asked, as Margery made for the door. 

"Off to? Why, to put our names down on the Singleweed's(i.e being loyal) waiting list."

I took my belt up another hole and, whistling The Bing Boys out of sheer desperate bravado, made my me sad way to the potato patch. 

 * * * * *

 * * * * *  

A MASTER OF THE QUILL.
