Few colleagues have been called so often and in such different times, to take the chair at public meetings or preside formed societies. Few have so successfully acquitted, if the dignity of presence, amenity of speech, fluency of speech, or dispatch of business, should be considered. As a president who seems "born for that." His personal influence has been able to magnetize a medium body die on active new life. This feature is particularly strong among his friends said staff. No one can approach him in doubt, discouragement or shame, and leave without a greater hope, a stronger value, virile, and a faith in itself. The energy that has led him to labor still exists.

Wilder is now president of the New England Historic Genealogical Society, the American Society pomological, and the Massachusetts Agricultural Club. He is senior manager of the Massachusetts Agricultural College, Member of the State Board of Agriculture, and the executive committee of the Massachusetts Horticultural Society. He is senior director at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, the National Bank of Hamilton, the New England Mutual Life Insurance Company and Home Savings Bank. He is an honorary member of the Royal Historical Society of Great Britain, corresponding member of the Royal Horticultural Society of London, and Société Centrale d'Horticulture de France, and member of the Royal Academy Italian Araldo Pisa.

Well did Governor Bullock, in a public occasion to speak of Wilder as "one who has applied the results of its hard-won gains from trade so freely that in every home and every home in America, where the golden fruits of summer autumn cheer the sideboard and hearthstone, his name, his generosity and his works are known and honored. "It is also known and honored abroad. Chronicle outfielder London, the leading newspaper in agriculture in Europe, in April 1872, took his picture and a brief overview of his life, which earned the praise is introduced as follows: -

"We are pleased to have the opportunity to present to our readers the portrait of one of the most distinguished of the transatlantic market gardeners, and one that, by his zeal, industry, and determination, not only has provided lasting benefits in their home country , but has cared for his experiments in hybridization and culture of established fruit growers of all nations under heavy obligations to him.
