Last week at my Home and quite a lot of people where there really nice people too and came in spite of the heat. I really cannot think what it was  but The heat may have something to do with it. 

I served a plate of bread & butter to Miss Niccole but she hesitated a moment and then took the plate and handed it to me its a surprise for me and When I declined she offered it to Mrs.Fitzroy Williams Adamson. Dear she is fourth cousin to a baronet.Mrs.Fitzroy Williams Adamson took the plate and offered it to Miss Niccole but Miss Niccole declined it she offered it to Mr.Wildegoose then it was his turn and so it went on This was a extraordinary thing occurred and Nothing like it has happened in our family before I really dont understand it.

Everybody passed the plate and at last it came to Mr. Jones and pointing at the top piece of bread-and-butter and he then made the following extraordinary remark: "I say, hasn't this broken loose from the bread-pudding, what, what?" Thereupon he pushed it on one side and took the next slice.Really, it was most extraordinary thing to happen in my house.I was ashamed and mortified for such a that.

Mr. Allen the new curate came next and when he took the top slice absent-mindedly i caught him  and put it in a flower-pot.When he saw me looking at him he blushed and started eating it and he left most of it and when everyone was gone I examined. It was a little hardened by the sun and otherwise it was quite a nice piece of bread-and-butter.The whole thing was really most extraordinary.I cannot understand it at all.

Your ever loving SARAH.

II.

Letter from Mrs. Ribbanson-Smythe to Mrs. Gregory-Browne. Chiswick, 22nd July, 1914.

MY DEAREST SARAH,
By reading your letter I quite agree that the whole occurrence was like as you say it was most extraordinary and I mentioned it to George. He says he has no doubt at all that it was really a sound piece of bread-and-butter. I am not sure whether the enclosed cutting will help you to understand but I am sending it.
