
It was my At Home day last week and quite a lot of people, really nice people too, came in
spite of the heat. The heat may have had something to do with it, but I really cannot think
what it was.

I handed a plate of bread-and-butter to Miss Niccole. To my surprise she hesitated a moment
and then took the plate and handed it to me. When I declined she offered it to Mrs. Fitzroy-Williams-Adamson.
You know, dear, she is fourth cousin to a baronet. Then the extraordinary thing occurred. Mrs.
Fitzroy-Williams-Adamson took the plate and offered it to Miss Niccole. When Miss Niccole declined
it she offered it to Mr. Wildegoose (pronounced Wildergos, you know, dear). Then it was his
turn. And so it went on. Really, it was most extraordinary. Nothing like it has ever been known
in our family. I really cannot understand it.

Everybody passed the plate, and at last it came to Mr. Jones. He pointed at the top piece of
bread-and-butter. Yes, he actually pointed. He then made the following extraordinary remark:
"I say, hasn't this broken loose from the bread-pudding, what, what?" Thereupon he pushed it
on one side and took the next slice. I was ashamed and mortified for such a thing to happen
in my house. Really, it was most extraordinary.

Mr. Allen, the new curate, came in just then. He took the top slice, but I caught him absent-mindedly
putting it in a flower-pot. When he saw me looking at him he blushed and started--started eating
it, I mean. However, he left most of it, and when everyone was gone I examined it. It was perhaps
a little hardened by the sun, but otherwise it was quite a nice piece of bread-and-butter.
I cannot understand it at all. The whole thing was really most extraordinary ... most extraordinary.

    Your ever loving    SARAH.

II.

Letter from Mrs. Ribbanson-Smythe to
      Mrs. Gregory-Browne.
                Chiswick,
                  22nd July, 1914.

MY DEAREST SARAH,--I have just read your most interesting letter, and I quite agree that the
whole occurrence was, as you say, most extraordinary. I mentioned it to George. He says he
has no doubt at all that it was really a sound piece of bread-and-butter. I don't know whether
the enclosed cutting will help you to understand, but I am sending it.
