Men engaged clearing away the grass and scrub around the site, landing goods from the schooner, scheming diagram of way from Point Pearce to the Victoria River. 

9th November. 

Party engaged as previous to. 

10th November. 

Party worked as before. On unpacking the rice and peas, initiate that 720 pounds of rice and half a bushel of peas were damaged by salt-water, and a lot more spoiled; a large amount of the sugar is spoiled; but as it is not sensible to unwrap casks, the amount missing cannot be ascertain. Wrote to the master of the Tom Tough, requesting information with position to a complaint by Mr. Wilson, that on the 30th September his signals for a vessel to transport him to the schooner had been disregarded. 

11th November (Sunday). 

WOOD FOR MAINTENANCE OF BOAT. 

12th November. 

Mr. H. Gregory, with Shewell and Dawson, accompanied Captain Gourlay to Steep Head to slash wood for the patch up of the yacht. Erected a forge and continued the grounding of the plot, etc. Previous night one of the sheep was strangled by getting knotted in the mesh which created the sheep-pen. Acknowledged from the master of the Tom Tough a letter replying to my queries of the 10th immediate. It appears that on the 30th September, as the schooner was beached in the lower division of the Victoria, Mr. Wilson landed to look for clean water at Mosquito Flat; having completed numerous indefinite planning with Mr. Elsey to signalize for a boat, should he need it, to go back to the craft; but he omitted to acquaint either the master of the schooner, or Mr. Baines, who was subsequently in control to Mr. Wilson. The effect was that when the signals were complete there was a few hesitation whether they were fires lighted by Mr. Wilson as signals for a vessel, and some stoppage ensued in preparing the boat, after it was found that the wave had fallen so greatly that there was not adequate water to hang the vessel over the overriding sand-banks, and at low water Mr. Wilson waded across the deeper channels and walked above the waterless banks to the vessel. As the matter appeared to be complex with some personal mix-up among the parties, and Mr. Wilson had ignored to build correct preparations with the master of the vessel, I deemed it pleasing that the examination should not carry on any farther. 

13th November. 

Mr. Baines having succeeded in repairing the handy boat, I completed grounding for a tour up the river, as the horses were still weak for the job of searching, and I hoped to be capable to cross the shallows which had blocked Captain Stokes.
