
Men employed clearing away the grass and bushes around the camp, landing cargo from the schooner,
plotting map of route from Point Pearce to the Victoria River.

9th November.

Party employed as before.

10th November.

Party employed as before. On unpacking the rice and peas, found that 720 pounds of rice and
half a bushel of peas were destroyed by salt-water, and much more damaged; much of the sugar
is damaged; but as it is not prudent to open casks, the quantity lost cannot be ascertained.
Wrote to the master of the Tom Tough, requesting information with reference to a complaint
by Mr. Wilson, that on the 30th September his signals for a boat to bring him to the schooner
had been disregarded.

11th November (Sunday).

TIMBER FOR REPAIRS OF VESSEL.

12th November.

Mr. H. Gregory, with Shewell and Dawson, accompanied Captain Gourlay to Steep Head to cut timber
for the repair of the schooner. Erected a forge and continued the preparation of the garden,
etc. Last night one of the sheep was strangled by getting entangled in the net which formed
the sheep-pen. Received from the master of the Tom Tough a letter replying to my queries of
the 10th instant. It appears that on the 30th September, while the schooner was aground in
the lower part of the Victoria, Mr. Wilson landed to search for fresh water at Mosquito Flat;
having made some indefinite arrangements with Mr. Elsey to signalize for a boat, should he
require it, to return to the vessel; but he omitted to acquaint either the master of the schooner,
or Mr. Baines, who was next in command to Mr. Wilson. The result was that when the signals
were made there was some uncertainty whether they were fires lighted by Mr. Wilson as signals
for a boat, and some delay ensued in preparing the boat, when it was found that the tide had
fallen so much that there was not sufficient water to float the boat over the intervening sand-banks,
and at low water Mr. Wilson waded across the deeper channels and walked over the dry banks
to the vessel. As the affair appeared to be complicated with some private misunderstanding
between the parties, and Mr. Wilson had neglected to make proper arrangements with the master
of the vessel, I deemed it desirable that the investigation should not proceed any farther.

13th November.

Mr. Baines having succeeded in repairing the portable boat, I made preparation for an excursion
up the river, as the horses were still unfit for the work of exploration, and I hoped to be
able to cross the shallows which had obstructed Captain Stokes.
