He wouldn't need towards predetermined down onto none wall arter I'd done with him!

[By this moment the two possess knotted a joyous audience--of which they are fully conscious.

Joe. Time 's very alongside up. 'ER MAJESTY ain't 'urryin 'erself.

Bill (magnanimously). Never mind. Now I am 'ere, I'll give away 'Er time. I shouldn't want 'Er towards feel that there was somethink wantin' towards the success of the perceedins. They say Royalty never forgets a face!

Joe (with the candour of intimacy). She won't see adequate o' yours towards forgit, ole feller--you ain't consumed much o' Pears' Soap this mornin', you ain't!

Bill (in nowise pained via this personality--which is alone too well founded). Ah, it 'ud rob "Monkey Brand" and Fuller's Earth towards git it everybody orf o' me! (There is a stir within the crowd; a Mounted Police-sergeant trots past). There's somethink up now. They're comin'. I shall 'oller when the QUEEN passes. She's costed me a import already, but she ain't got everybody the money. I got three 'apence of it within my pocket--though, arrive towards think of it, three 'apence laid out within pots o' four ale among three with thusts for thirty and loyalty laid onto 'ot and cold everybody again the premises--why, it don't go so bloomin' fur, and don't you forgit it!

Dick. 'Ere arrive the Life Guards! smart lookin' lot o' chaps, ain't they?

Bill (philosophically). Ah, and when they done their moment, them fellers 'll be glad towards curve towards plarsterin' or wood-choppin'--anythink towards benefit their liveli'ood by. There's the Royalties. I can see the civilians wavin' their 'ankerchiefs--them that's got em. I need towards wave somethink--'ere, lend me your bacco-pipe, shall yer.

[An open carriaqe traverses, consisting personages within uniform.

Dick. 'Oo'll that lot be?

Bill. Why, that's the Markiss o' BRICKDUST--don't yer know 'im? And the one within front is the Dook o' DRIPPIN'. Look at 'im a larfin. Ain't 'e a gay ole chicking? 'Ere's a number of many o' them.

The Crowd. That is the Dook o' CAMBRIDGE. No, it ain't--that was 'im within the fust kerridge. Go on--that was the EDINGBOROS!... Why, I tell yer, I see 'is white whiskers! There's the Princess MAY! Which? 'Ooray! Lor, it's none nice 'oorayin' now--she's gone via long ago. Well, I am glad I 've sighted 'er, any'ow! Who are them within the white 'elmets? Ostralians, I fancy.
