He wouldn't want to set down on no wall arter i'd done with him!

[by this time the two have secured a delighted audience--of which they are fully conscious.

Joe. Time 's very near up. 'er majesty ain't 'urryin 'erself.

Bill (magnanimously). Never mind. Now i am 'ere, i'll stop 'er time. I shouldn't like 'er to feel that there was somethink wantin' to the success of the perceedins. They say royalty never forgets a face!

Joe (with the candour of intimacy). She won't see enough o' yours to forgit, ole feller--you ain't used much o' pears' soap this mornin', you ain't!

Bill (in nowise pained by this personality--which is only too well founded). Ah, it 'ud take "monkey brand" and fuller's earth to git it all orf o' me! (there is a stir in the crowd; a mounted police-sergeant trots past). There's somethink up now. They're comin'. I will 'oller when the queen passes. She's costed me a deal already, but she ain't got all the money. I got three 'apence of it in my pocket--though, come to think of it, three 'apence laid out in pots o' four ale among three with thusts for thirty and loyalty laid on 'ot and cold all over the premises--why, it don't go so bloomin' fur, and don't you forgit it!

Dick. 'ere come the life guards! Smart lookin' lot o' chaps, ain't they?

Bill (philosophically). Ah, and when they done their time, them fellers 'll be glad to turn to plarsterin' or wood-choppin'--anythink to gain their liveli'ood by. There's the royalties. I can see the people wavin' their 'ankerchiefs--them that's got em. I want to wave somethink--'ere, lend me your bacco-pipe, will yer.

[an open carriaqe passes, containing personages in uniform.

Dick. 'oo'll that lot be?

Bill. Why, that's the markiss o' brickdust--don't yer know 'im? And the one in front is the dook o' drippin'. Look at 'im a larfin. Ain't 'e a gay ole chicking? 'ere's some more o' them.

The crowd. That is the dook o' cambridge. No, it ain't--that was 'im in the fust kerridge. Go on--that was the edingboros!... Why, i tell yer, i see 'is white whiskers! There's the princess may! Which? 'ooray! Lor, it's no good 'oorayin' now--she's gone by long ago. Well, i am glad i 've seen 'er, any'ow! Who are them in the white 'elmets? Ostralians, i fancy.
