Good citizens are rewarded by having a good character.  If criminals only have the threats of temporary invonvenience, the terror of punishment is at an end.  Aren't society and the culprit incompatible?

There is no question of that shame, the best preservaties against departure from rectitude.  It has been worn out, and almost stops working on the majority of people who show themselves to the penal laws of their country.  It is the value of character as a comercial commodity, a necessary thing for well being.  Good people who aim for reform, who are more good than logical, like to compair a prison to a hospital.  They are convinced that inmates are sent to both placed to be cured, and that these people should not return to society until they have been healed.  The hospital heals the body, and the prison heals the mind.  But would these people follow up and finish this analogy, to say that the man should be set back into society with a character equally free from stain?  Is the man to be accepted by the community with the same compassion and greetings if he has has gone to prison to be cured of theft, exaxtly the same as a man who has gone to a hospital to be cured of a disease?

A hospital is not an inviting thought.  Medicine is, no doubt, enough to make you so nauseous that you can compair it to flogging, or other punishments.  But nauseous drugs are not the only way to cure someone: good nursing, constant attendance, and a good diet all play a large role in healing someone.  And in the hospital of the mind, the fostering actions still have a large role in moral healing.  If we to use this manner of healing, brought into play as the first principle of penal legislation, it would come to this: a poor man would have no better way to work his way into a position of being taken care of by the state than to commit a crime, and no one in the lower class would be trained well enought to grow more fortune in life.

Going to prison, with its different manners of changing people, is the punishment that changes men.
