A good character is the appropriate reward of the good citizen;
if the criminal does not pay the forfeit of his character--if only a certain amount of temporary
inconvenience is to be sustained, the terror of punishment is at an end. Here, on the arena
of public life, between society and the culprit, are they not manifestly incompatible--the
tenderness that would reclaim, and the vigour that must chastise?

There is no question here, we must observe, of that delicate sense of shame which is the best
preservative against every departure from rectitude. This has been worn out, and almost ceased
to operate on the majority of persons who expose themselves to the penal laws of their country.
It is the value of character as a commercial commodity, as a requisite for well-being, that
alone has weight with them. Benevolent projectors of reform, more benevolent than logical,
are fond of comparing a prison to an hospital; they contend that the inmates of either place
are sent there to be cured, and that they should not be restored to society until they are
restored, the one to health of body, the other to health of mind. Would they carry out the
analogy to its fair completeness, and maintain that the patient from either hospital should
be remitted to society with a character equally free from stain? Is the man to be received
by the community with the same compassionate welcome who has gone into prison to be cured of
a propensity to theft, as one who has entered an hospital to be relieved of a disease?

An hospital is a word of no inviting sound--and physic, no doubt, is sufficiently nauseous
to be not inaptly compared to flogging, or any other punitive discipline: but nauseous drugs
are not the only means of cure; good nursing, vigilant attendance, sometimes generous diet,
have a large share in the curative process. And in the hospital of the mind, the lenitive and
fostering measures have a still larger share in the work of a moral restoration. Were this
principle of cure, of perfect restoration, to be adopted as the first principle of penal legislation,
it would come to this, that a poor man would have no better way of recommending himself to
the fatherly care of the state than by the commission of a crime, and that none, in the lower
classes of society, would be so well trained and disciplined for advancing their fortunes in
the world, as those who commenced their career by violating the laws of their country.

Imprisonment, with its various accompaniments and modifications, is the great reformatory punishment.
