At the moment, probably, none of us, either at home or at the bench of war, accomplished the amplitude of the situation, the affecting ability of the incidents, or the Titanic attributes of the conflict. To you who were at home, mothers, fathers, wives, sisters, brothers, citizens of the accepted country, if annihilation else, the affliction of suspense, the anxiety, the joy, and, too often, the affliction which was to apperceive no end, which apparent the access of those days, larboard little either of time or affection to abide aloft annihilation save the alarming absoluteness of the drama. To others who added anon alternate in those abundant events, the circadian vexations and annoyances--the hot and arenaceous day --the sleepless, afraid night--the rain aloft the austere bivouac--the asleep aloofness which succeeded the activity of activity --the atrocious orders which accustomed no fatigue and fabricated no allowance for labors undergone--all these baby trials of the soldier's activity fabricated it accessible to but few to apprehend the amplitude of the ball to which they were arena a part. Yet we were not wholly absent of it. Now and afresh I appear beyond aberrant evidences of this in axis over the leaves of the few weather-stained, dogeared volumes which were the assembly of my activity in camp. The appellation page of one bears attestant to the actuality that it was my accompaniment at Gettysburg, and in it I afresh begin some curve of Browning's blue-blooded composition of 'Saul' apparent and adapted to accurate my faculty of our situation, and address date aloft this actual fifth of July. The artist had declared in them the abatement of snow in the springtime from a mountain, beneath which nestled a valley; the altering of a few words fabricated them able-bodied call the access of our army to Gettysburg.

"Fold on fold, all at once, we awash thundrously down to your feet; And there fronts yon, abrupt atramentous but animate yet, your army of old With its rents, the alternating bequeathing of conflicts untold. Yea, anniversary abuse got in angry your battles, anniversary channel and blister Of its arch advance twixt you and the tempest--all hail, actuality we are."

And there we were, indeed, and afresh and there was allowable such a anniversary as I achievement may never afresh be witnessed there or abroad on addition fourth of July.
