These questions must be answers, if the science of human nature is actually possible. - So far, so we ignore insights into Plato, which we hope to explain, in a sense it is justified by showing that it is the natural and sometimes the highest expression of the common principles of our nature .

SECTION I

The nature of beauty

The philosophy of beauty is a theory of values.

ยง 1 would be easy to find a definition of beauty, which should give a few words say a paraphrase of the word. We are on good authority that beauty is truth that represents the ideal, the symbol of divine perfection, and the tangible manifestation of good. A litany of these titles of honor can be easily prepared, and repeated praise of our divinity. Such phrases to stimulate thoughts and give us momentary pleasure, but hardly cause any permanent information. A definition should really define must be nothing less than a declaration of origin, place and elements of beauty as an object of human experience. We must learn from it, if possible, why, when and how beauty is shown what conditions an object must meet to be beautiful, what elements of our nature makes us aware of beauty and what is the relationship between constitutional order and the excitement of our sensibility. Nothing less really define beauty or make us understand what aesthetic appreciation. The definition of beauty in this regard would be a problem throughout this book, a task that only very imperfectly carried out within its borders.

The historic title of our subject can give us a clue about the beginning of that definition. Many writers of the last century critical philosophy called Beauty and the word is retained as the title of the reasoned assessment of artistic works. I could barely speak, but of joy in nature as a criticism. A sunset is not critical, is to feel and enjoy. The word "critical" used on this occasion the emphasis firmly on the intentional element of judicial decisions and comparison with standards. Beauty, it is often described, is rarely seen and all the great advantage of nature and art are so far from being accepted by a rule that provides an ideal level and far less powerful critics.

This era of science and nomenclature adopted a more scholarly word, Aesthetics, ie the theory of perception or sensibility.
