These questions must be capable of answers, if any sicence of human nature is really possible. --So far, then, are we from ignoring the insight of the Platonists, that we hope to explain it, and in a sense to justify it, by showing that is the natural and sometimes the supreme expression of the common principles of our nature.

PART I

THE NATURE OF BEAUTY

The philosophy of beauty is a theory of values.

1. It would be easy to find a definition of beauty that should give in a few words a telling paraphrase of the word. We know on excellent authority that beauty is truth, that is the expression of the ideal, the symbol of divine perfection, and the sensible manifestation of the good. A litany of these titles of honour might easily be compiled, and repeated in praise of our divinity. Such phrases stimulate thought and give us a momentary pleasure, but they hardly bring any permanent enlightenment. A definition that should really define must be nothing less than the exposition of the orgin, place, and elements of beauty as an object of human experience. We must learn from it, as far as possible, why, when, and how beauty appears, what conditions an object must fulfil to be beautiful, what elements of our nature make us sensible of beauty, and what the relation is between the constitution of the object and the excitement of our susceptibility. Nothing less will really define beauty or make us understand what aesthetic appreciation is. The definition of beauty in this sense will be the task of this whole book, a task that can be only very impertfectly accomplished within its limits.

The historical titles of our subjects may give us a hint towards the beginning of such adefinition. Many writers of the last century c alled the philosophy of beauty Criticism, and the word is still retained as the title of the reasoned appreciation of works of art. We could hardly speak however, of delight in nature as critism. A sunset is not criticised; it is felt and enjoyed. The word "criticism," used on such on occasion, would emphasize too much the element of deliberated judgment and of comparison with standards. Beauty, although often so excellences of nature and art are so far from being approved of by a rule that they temselves furnish the standard and ideal by which critics measure inferior effects.

This age of science and nomenclature has accordingly adopted a more learned word, Aesthetics, that is, the theory of perception of susceptibility.
