The gay old silver-top! "

There was silence for a few minutes after Armstrong had completed his statement. Broke by Berkeley, who had risen and paced up and down in front of the fountain with his hands in his pocket.

"It could lead to the kind of life if you tried," he said, "has not been created for him."

"Are not you going to make mistakes," replied the other, is the kind of life I live. "

"This is a cowardly life," said Berkeley.

"No? I said it was safe. You can call whatever you want."

"Yes," said Berkeley, he sat down again, "my ideal career is the opposite of that."

"Imagine that explains his, then," said Armstrong.

Berkeley hesitated a moment before beginning. He was a skinny guy, with a cast more or less high of Scotland in the face, a little blue eyes, high cheekbones, a skin full of freckles and brown hair Whity. He had a dry humor, soft, nourished by a very off-road reading. He had been separated for college methodical habits, a lack of ambition, a willingness to keep himself and a mixture of selfishness and bonhomie that made him a great friend, but an agreeable companion. Therefore, with some surprise that we heard the delivery of the following:

"I think the biggest mistake a man can do is not doing enough in life. I want to live a decent life, having a wide experience to develop my nature as possible, to help humanity the greatest possible number of points. I want adventure, change, excitement, emotion, suffering yourself - so I do not care as long as it is not stagnant. Think of what is on this planet to be seen, learned, distress, and a small part of most people miserable is appropriate. Why are men of my people who have never been outside the county, and rarely outside the municipality, who have never heard one word from another language that English never, seen a city or a mountain or sea - or even any body of water is greater than or Rio Hogganum Fresh Pond, has never been in a theater, steam room, library, or the cathedral. cathedral, their perception of a church is limited to white wooden meeting-house 'center. "His art gallery with a wagon on a street photographer.
