Gay old silver-top! "

There was silence for several minutes after Armstrong finished his statement. He was interrupted by Berkeley, who grew up and was walking up and down in front of the fountain with his hands thrust in pockets.

"You can not lead this kind of life if you tried," he said, "not built for it."

"Do not make a mistake," rejoined the other, "is a kind of life I'm going to live."

"Life is a cowardly," replied Berkeley.

"I said I was not told? Was safe. You call what you love."

"Well," said Berkeley, seats himself again, "my career is the opposite of that ideal."

"Suppose you explain your time," said Armstrong.

Berkeley hesitated a moment before. It was a weak man, tallish, with a cast of Scotch face, a small blue eyes, high cheek bones, freckled skin, and hair-brown whity. He had a dry humor, carefully fed by reading long-out-of-way. He was awarded college methodical habits, a lack of ambition, a provision to hold back, and a mixture of selfishness and bonhomie that made him a cool friend, but a pleasant company. Therefore, with some surprise that I heard him deliver himself as follows:

"I think the biggest mistake a man can do is to not getting enough of the life I lead a full life. Have a great experience, develop my whole nature to the utmost, to reach mankind in largest possible number of points. I want adventure, change, excitement, emotion, suffering, even - I do not care as long as there is stagnation. considers only what is on this planet to be seen, learned, to enjoyed, and what a small share of miserable that is most suitable people. Why, there are men in my village who have never been outside the county and the village rarely, not never heard a word of any language but English, never seen a city or a mountain or the ocean - or, indeed, any body of water larger than fresh or Hogganum Pond River, was never in a theater, Steamboat, library or Cathedral Cathedral !. their conception of a church is restricted to white wooden meeting-house at the "center." Their coach is the art gallery, a travel photographer.
