I followed and back and back heel through gates and barbed wire fence building, at which time he commanded "Continue."

I asked "Where?"

"Straight" he said angrily.

I did. "Left!" he cried. I came back. A door facing me. "Entre" commanded. I did. Unremarkable looking for a gentleman in a French uniform, sitting at a table way. "Monsieur them Médecin Le Nouveau." The doctor got up. "Open your shirt." I did. "He pants." I did. "Okay." Then, as planton was going to escort me from the room: "English?" he asked curiously. "No," I said, "American." "Vraiment" - my carefully planned. "South America are you?" "United States" I explained. "Vraiment" - he looked at me funny, not at disagreeably. "Pourquoi etes vous ICI?" "I do not know," I said smiling pleasantly, "except that my friend wrote some letters which were intercepted by French censors." "Ah," he remarked. "C'est tout.

And I left. "Continue!" Black Holster cried. I watch my steps, and was on the way out the door leading to the Cour, when "Stop Nom by Dieu! Continue!"

I asked "Where?" wit.

"Up," he said angrily.

I used the stairs on the left, and climbed.

"Not so fast there," yelled behind me.

I slowed up. We reached the landing. Gestionnaire I was sure was a very bitter man - probably a slightly weak person who will rush to the nearest door to me saying: "Hands up" in French, whatever that might be. I was opposite the door open. I looked in. There was a spy in the feet, hands back, in terms of approving my progress. I was wondering, should I go? when a scurrying and tittering made me look left, along a dark corridor and very dirty. Women's voices ... I almost fell with surprise. There were these shadows "a little face peering boldly at me from the door? How many girls were out there - sounded as if no one hundred -

"Qu'est que vous faites, what, etc., and planton gave me a good push towards another flight of stairs. We climbed caring, thinking of the inspector as a spider, elegant balanced in the center of the vicious web, waiting for a fly to make too many fights ....

At the top of the flight we were facing a second room. A closed door indicated the existence of a holy being directly over his head spy. At the door, that should not waste time in speculation, has been widely shown in literature:

GESTIONNAIRE

I felt unutterably lost.
