I followed his back and rump and holster through the little gate in the barbed wire fence and into the building, at which point he commanded "Proceed." 

I asked "Where?" 

"Straight ahead" he said angrily. 

I proceeded. "Left!" he cried. I turned. A door confronted me. "Entrez," he commanded. I did. An unremarkable looking gentleman in a French uniform, sitting at a sort of table. "Monsieur le medecin, le nouveau." The doctor got up. "Open your shirt." I did. "Take down your pants." I did. "All right." Then, as the planton was about to escort me from the room: "English?" he asked with curiosity. "No" I said, "American." "Vraiment"--he contemplated me with attention. "South American are you?" "United States" I explained. "Vraiment"--he looked curiously at me, not disagreeably in the least. "Pourquoi vous etes ici?" "I don't know" I said smiling pleasantly, "except that my friend wrote some letters which were intercepted by the French censor." "Ah," he remarked. "C'est tout." 

And I departed. "Proceed!" cried the Black Holster. I retraced my steps, and was about to exit through the door leading to the cour, when "Stop! Nom de Dieu! Proceed!" 

I asked "Where?" completely bewildered. 

"Up," he said angrily. 

I turned to the stairs on the left, and climbed. 

"Not so fast there," he roared behind me. 

I slowed up. We reached the landing. I was sure that the Gestionnaire was a very fierce man--probably a lean slight person who would rush at me from the nearest door saying "Hands up" in French, whatever that may be. The door opposite me stood open. I looked in. There was the Surveillant standing, hands behind back, approvingly regarding my progress. I was asking myself, Should I bow? when a scurrying and a tittering made me look left, along a dark and particularly dirty hall. Women's voices ... I almost fell with surprise. Were not those shadows' faces peering a little boldly at me from doors? How many girls were there--it sounded as if there were a hundred-- 

"Qu'est-ce que vous faites," etc., and the planton gave me a good shove in the direction of another flight of stairs. I obligingly ascended; thinking of the Surveillant as a spider, elegantly poised in the centre of his nefarious web, waiting for a fly to make too many struggles.... 

At the top of this flight I was confronted by a second hall. A shut door indicated the existence of a being directly over the Surveillant's holy head. Upon this door, lest I should lose time in speculating, was in ample letters inscribed: 

GESTIONNAIRE 

I felt unutterably lost.
