I followed the man through the small gate in the fence - a barb wire fence, at that - and into the building. The man then said "Proceed."

"Where?" I asked.

The question angered him somewhat. "Straight ahead," the man said.

So I went straight ahead. The man instructed, loudly, "Left!" So I turned. There was a door in front of me. "Entrez," the man commanded. I entered. Inside the room was a nondescript man in a French uniform, sitting at a type of table. "Monsieur le medecin, le nouveau." The doctor rose. "Your shirt. Open it." I opened my shirt. Then, right before I was about to be escorted from the room, the man asked me if I was English. "No" I replied. "American." "Vraiment"--the man looked at me thoughtfully. "South American, are you?" I told him I was from the United States." "Vraiment"-- he said again, his tone bordering on agreeableness. "Pourqou vous etes ici?" "I don't know," I said with a pleasant smile. "Except a friend of mine wrote some letters that were intercepted by the French censor." "Ah.." the man said, "C'est tout."

And, finally, I left. "Proceed!" shouted the Black Holster. I retraced my footsteps and was almost leaving when.. "Stop! Nom de Dieu! Proceed!"

Bewildered as I was, I asked "Where?"

"Up," he said, angrily.

I turned to the stairs on the left and ascended them, but he shouted behind me, "Not so fast there."

I complied. We both reached the landing. At that point, I was sure that the Gestionnaire was an unpleasant man; I imagined a lean, wiry person rushing at me and shouting "Hands up". In French, of course. The door in front of me was wide open and I peered into the room beyond. The Surveillant was standing there, hands behind their back, watching my progress with approval. I considered bowing when a noise to the left caught my attention. Coming from a dark and dirty hall were the sounds of women's voices. I was shocked. Within the shadows were faces looking at me unabashedly. How many of them were there? Dozens? Hundreds?--

"Qu'est-ce que vous faites," and so on and so forth, and the planton shoved me towards another flight of stairs. With that type of reinforcement, I had no choice but to ascend the stairway. I thought of the Surveillant as a spider, sitting within the center of his web, waiting for a fly to expend a little too much effort to escape..

At the top of these stars was another hall. The door, which was shut, made it plain there was someone above even the Surveillant. The words on the door left to room for contemplation. They read:

GESTIONNAIRE

I was undescribably bewildered.
