They were determined to make the issue with the popular
leaders on this question. They were backed by the governor and the influential Tories, and
no doubt believed that they could carry their point.

On Monday, the 22d, the committees of correspondence of Dorchester, Brookline, Roxbury and
Cambridge, met the Boston committee at the selectmen's chamber, Faneuil Hall.

They resolved unanimously to use their joint influence to prevent the landing and sale of the
teas; prepared a letter to be sent to the other towns, representing that they were reduced
to the dilemma, either to sit down in quiet, under this and every burden that might be put
upon them, or to rise up in resistance, as became freemen; to impress the absolute necessity
of making immediate and effectual opposition to the detestable measure, and soliciting their
advice and co-operation. Charlestown was "so zealous in the cause," that its committee was
added to the others. This body continued to hold daily conferences, "like a little senate,"
says Hutchinson.

The "Gazette" of November 22, said: "Americans! defeat this last effort of a most pernicious,
expiring faction, and you may sit under your own vines and fig trees, and none shall, hereafter,
dare to make you afraid."

On the 26th, the men of Cambridge assembled, and after adopting the Philadelphia resolves,
"very unanimously" voted, "That as Boston was struggling for the liberties of their country,
they could no longer stand idle spectators, but were ready, on the shortest notice, to join
with it, and other towns, in any measure that might be thought proper, to deliver themselves
and posterity from slavery."

On Sunday, the 28th, the ship "Dartmouth," Captain Hall, owned by the Quaker, Francis Rotch,[10]
arrived in Boston harbor, with one hundred and fourteen chests of tea, and anchored below the
castle. As the news spread, there was great excitement. Despite the rigid New England observance
of the Sabbath, the selectmen immediately met, and remained in session until nine o'clock in
the evening, in the expectation of receiving the promised proposal of the consignees. These
gentlemen were not to be found, and on the next day, bidding a final adieu to Boston, they
took up their quarters at the castle.
