Mr Mong poems fifth, who best understand and like most, "Horse riding on the market" - or the poet to offer his experience divine faculties in the world rough use - in the spirit of fine and original allegory, "September" and "Travellers" sonnets are very noble, "Fires in Illinois," though a little thin in thought, is gently and beautifully descriptive, and therefore the "sunset", with the exception of a few, and no interest lines

"If the standing water to collect the melancholy scene."

"The Ballad of Rose 'is beautiful and moving, as in" riding to vote "great poet approaches to nature and reality" mower in Ohio, which is so simple and touching, so full of real family feeling, the poet bezoblačnej unfortunate mannerism that we are tempted to call it his best poem as a whole, have little hesitation in calling it one of the few good poems war now proposed. "Pioneer stack, which is the first thing in the current book is almost as easy to extremely defects Mr fifth as" mower in Ohio, 'and it is very charming idyll. We see there is no dispute to the remote effect, while there is seen here and there, as in the lines below, delicate and finely tempered the power of expression which can only come from the patient industry, real art, and where we collect more hope for the future poet than anything else in the present paper: -

"The old man was shot, but do not - his weight was before. Land has been sold, closed mortgages. Winter, cold and long (enabled by the hand that took hold of his that passed the winter here) next to your fire, said by moving the spring ....

"In the spring, when the first heat left wondering everywhere, sat next to his door in the heat, watching the cars pass on the highway, is something of horror in his mind last fall."

A recent American publications.

Essays on the supernatural origin of Christianity, with particular regard to the theories of Renan, Strauss, and the Tübingen school. According to the Rev. George P. Fisher, MA, professor of church history at Yale College. New York.
