According to the standard Japanese dictionary, Nankin-nedzumi is a variety of Mus spiciosus (Hatsuka-nedzumi), and was brought in from China. They are reared in cages. This variety of mice have different coat colors and make excellent pets for children who love to watch them dance about in their cages. As far as my knowledge goes Mus speciosus is very similar to Mus musculus in most characteristic including color and size. In fact, the similarity is so close that it would be difficult to distinguish one species from the other.

In the Proceedings of the Zoological Scociety of London, 1807, Swinhoe gives a list of mammals in China. He describes Mus musculus as commonly occurring in houses in China and Formosa. He also mentions that Chinese liked to keep black and white varieties of mice brought in from the Straits as pets.

According to Kishi, Mitsukuri and Hatai, and the observations made by several European scientists, it seems very likely that this variety of mouse, the dancer as it is known, originated in China and was later introduced into Japan. It was from Japan that the dancer was brought to Europe and then to America. Once we accept this as the true course of events, it is necessary to ask at which point the species could have developed this strange ‘dancing’ behavior. There is considerable controversy of opinion on this.

 Brehm quotes Haacke’s account in his “Terleben”. Haacke talked to an animal dealer about the dancer to try and find where it could have come from. The dealer was positive that the animal was originally from Peru where they lived in the cotton fields, making their nests in the cotton capsules. They got into the habit of running around in circles inside the cotton capsule in order to make themselves a comfortable nest. He said that sometimes this variety goes by the name, ‘cotton mouse’. In spite of this account from the animal dealer, Haacke feels that dancer originated either in China or Japan and acquired their curious ‘dancing’ habit through careful selective breeding. However, he says that he cannot be positive about it because he was unable to find any supporting documentation that describe ‘the beautiful mice of China and Japan’. I failed to track down any publication by Haacke on this subject before he was quoted by Brehm. Zoth shares Haacke’s opinion that the dancer is the result of selective breeding by astute Asiatic animal breeders.  Another account of the origin of the dancer is the one advocated Kishi and other Japanese biologists.
