I referred to one of the standard Japanese dictionaries
and found the following statement: 'The Nankin-nedzumi is one of the varieties of Mus spiciosus
(Hatszuka-nedzumi), and is variously colored. It was imported from China. These mice are kept
in cages for the amusement of children, who watch their play.' Mus spiciosus, if I remember
correctly, is very much like Mus musculus in color, size, and several other characteristics,
if not the same altogether."

In Swinhoe's list of the mammals of China, which appeared in the Proceedings of the Zoological
Society of London for 1870, Mus musculus L. is mentioned as occurring in houses in South China
and in Formosa. It is further stated that black and white varieties which are brought from
the Straits are often kept by the Chinese (p. 637).

The statements of Kishi, Mitsukuri, and Hatai which have been quoted, taken in connection with
the opinions expressed by various European scientists who have studied the dancer, make it
seem highly probable that the race appeared first in China, and was thence introduced into
Japan, from which country it has been brought to Europe and America. Accepting for the present
this conclusion with reference to the place of origin of the dancer, we may now inquire, how
and when did this curious freak, as Professor Mitsukuri has called it, come into existence?
Concerning these matters there is wide divergence of opinion.

Haacke (6 p. 514), as quoted in Brehm's "Tierleben," says that an animal dealer with whom he
discussed the question of the possible origin of the dancer maintained that it came from Peru,
where it nests in the full cotton capsules, arranging the cotton fibers in the form of a nest
by running about among them in small circles. Hence the name cotton mouse is sometimes applied
to it. Haacke himself believes, however, that the race originated either in China or Japan
as the result of systematic selectional breeding. Of this he has no certainty, for he states
that he failed to find any literature on the "beautiful mice of China and Japan." Whether Haacke's
description of the dancing mouse was published elsewhere previous to its appearance in Brehm's
"Tierleben" I am unable to state; I have found nothing written on the subject by him before
1890. Zoth (31 p. 176) also thinks that the race was developed by systematic breeding, or in
other words, that it is a product of the skill of the Asiatic animal breeders.

Another account of the origin of the race is that accepted by Kishi (21 p. 481) and some other
Japanese biologists.
