I referred to one of the standard Japanese dictionaries and found the following statement: "Nankin-nedzumi is one of the varieties spiciosus Mus (Hatszuka-nedzumi), and different colors. It was imported from China. These mice are kept cages for the amusement of children, who watch their game. "spiciosus Mus, if I remember correctly, is very much as Mus musculus in color, size, and many other features, if not the same with everything. "

The list of mammals Swinhoe in China, which appeared in the proceedings of the Zoological Society of London for 1870, Mus musculus L. is listed as a place in homes in South China and Formosa. It also said that black varieties, which are brought from the Straits are often kept by the Chinese (p. 637).

Statements Kishi, Mitsukuri, and Hata were cited, taken in connection with the views expressed by various European scientists who studied dance, do seem very likely that the breed first appeared in China, and there was introduced in Japan , from which country was brought to Europe and America. Currently accepting this conclusion by reference to place of origin of the dancer, we now ask, how and when did this strange curious Mitsukuri teacher called them, come into existence? Regarding these issues where differences of opinion.

Haacke (6 p. 514), as cited in Brehm's "Tierleben", says an animal dealer who discussed the possible origin of the dancer claimed to have come from Peru, where it nests in cotton capsules complete organization of cotton fibers, as a nest by rolling around each other in small circles. Therefore, on behalf of cotton mouse is sometimes applied. Haacke is considered, however, that the breed originated either in China or Japan, as a result of systematic breeding selected. Since it has no certainty, because he says that he failed to find any literature on mice "beautiful in China and Japan." Either description Haacke mouse dance was published elsewhere before his appearance in Brehm's "Tierleben" I am unable to state, I found nothing written on the subject of him before 1890. Zoth (31 p. 176) also believed that the breed was developed by systematic breeding, or in other words, that is a qualification for the Asian breeders.

Another account of racial origins is supported by Kishi (21 p. 481) and some other Japanese biologists.
