Let's summarize Mr. MacGillivray narrative of their history. Her name is Barbara Thomson, born in Aberdeen, and emigrated to New South Wales with their parents. About four and a half before the event, who had accompanied her husband to a small knife, to try to save a portion of the burden of a whale which had sunk in the bank Bampton. The pilot lost his way, two of the crew were drowned by accident, another was left on a deserted island, and finally the small boat, trapped by a storm in the Torres Strait, struck a reef in Prince of Wales Island. The only two men left on board were drowned trying to swim ashore, but the woman was saved by a group of natives, one of which, Borota by name, forced to live with him as his wife, which the position of her for a time of exposure to much cruelty, owing to the jealousy of the women of the tribe. With the time saved from prosecution by a singular belief prevalent among the Indians - that whites are the ghosts of the aborigines - one of the leading among blacks, who persuaded himself that he had found her missing daughter, who was named after Barbara Giomar. The headquarters of the tribe on an island, and the captive was frequently passing ships on their way to the Torres Strait, but with no opportunity to know you. She had heard of the first arrival of the rattlesnake and supply in the Cape York, and the last visit, had urged blacks to his companion walking distance of the anchor, to believe he just wanted to shake hands his countrymen, and soon returned laden with knives, axes, and snuff. Though lame, quickly, for fear that their drivers can change their minds, and went to some of the ship's crew who were shooting ground. Except a strip of leaves, which was completely naked, and looked so dirty and miserable, who took it for a gin, or a native woman, and paid no attention to her when she shouted: "I am a white woman," Why you leave me? "She was taken immediately on board, and more just in time to escape from a small group of the tribe who had followed his arrest. The black Borota despaired when he learned he would not return to it and threatened to cut off the head to satisfy their revenge - a catastrophe that women rescued were avoided not to go ashore, and she gave herself to eventually take over, well, their parents in returning the boat to Sydney, in early 1850.
