We shall abridge Mr Macgillivray's narrative of
her story. Her name is Barbara Thomson; she was born at Aberdeen, and emigrated to New South
Wales with her parents. About four and a half years prior to the event, she had accompanied
her husband in a small cutter, to try to save some part of the cargo of a whaler that had been
wrecked on the Bampton shoal. The pilot missed his route, two of the crew were drowned by accident,
another was left on a desert island, and at last the little vessel, caught by a gale in Torres
Strait, struck upon a reef on Prince of Wales Island. The only two men left on board were drowned
in attempting to swim to shore; but the woman was saved by a party of natives, one of whom,
Boroto by name, forced her to live with him as his wife, in which position she for a time was
exposed to much cruelty, owing to the jealousy of the women of the tribe. She eventually was
saved from persecution by a singular belief prevalent among the natives--that white people
are the ghosts of departed aborigines--one of the principal among the blacks having persuaded
himself that he had found in her his long-lost daughter, after whom Barbara was named Giom.
The head-quarters of the tribe were on an island, and the captive frequently saw vessels pass
on their way to Torres Strait, but without any opportunity of making her case known. She had
heard of the first arrival of the Rattlesnake and tender at Cape York; and on the last visit,
had induced the blacks to escort her to within a short distance of the anchorage, they believing
that she only wished to shake hands with her countrymen, and would soon return, laden with
knives, axes, and tobacco. Although lame, she hurried on, fearing that her conductors might
change their mind, and made towards some of the ship's company, who were on shore shooting.
Except a fringe of leaves, she was quite naked, and her appearance was so dirty and miserable,
that they took her for a gin, or native woman, and paid no attention to her, when she called
out: 'I am a white woman; why do you leave me?' She was immediately taken on board the ship,
and but just in time to escape from a small party of the tribe, who had followed to detain
her. The black Boroto grew desperate when he found that she would not return to him, and threatened
to cut off her head to satisfy his vengeance--a catastrophe which the rescued woman avoided
by not going on shore; and she was eventually handed over, in good condition, to her parents
on the return of the vessel to Sydney, at the beginning of 1850.
