He did not look like a horse-thief nor a criminal.
And he had tried to laugh, half-apologetically, half-bitterly,--the consciousness of a man
who had to ask help of a woman at such a moment.

She gave a quick glance towards the house. He followed her eyes, and said hurriedly: "Don't
tell on me. Don't let any one see me. I'm trusting you.

"Come," she said suddenly. "Get on THIS side."

He understood her, and slipped to her side, half-creeping, half-crouching like a dog behind
her skirts, but keeping her figure between him and the house as she moved deliberately towards
the barn, scarce fifty yards away. When she reached it she opened the half-door quickly, said:
"In there--at the top--among the hay"--closed it, and was turning away, when there came a faint
rapping from within. She opened the door again impatiently; the man said hastily: "Wanted to
tell you--it was a man who insulted a WOMAN! I went for him, you see--and"--

But she shut the door sharply. The fugitive had made a blunder. The importation of her own
uncertain sex into the explanation did not help him. She kept on towards the house, however,
without the least trace of excitement or agitation in her manner, entered the front door again,
walked quietly to the door of the inner room, glanced in, saw that her husband was absorbed
in splicing a riata, and had evidently not missed her, and returned quietly to her dish-washing.
With this singular difference: a few moments before she had seemed inattentive and careless
of what she was doing, as if from some abstraction; now, when she was actually abstracted,
her movements were mechanically perfect and deliberate. She carefully held up a dish and examined
it minutely for cracks, rubbing it cautiously with the towel, but seeing all the while only
the man she had left in the barn. A few moments elapsed. Then there came another rush of wind
around the house, a drifting cloud of dust before the door, the clatter of hoofs, and a quick
shout.

Her husband reached the door, from the inner room, almost as quickly as she did. They both
saw in the road two armed mounted men--one of whom Ira recognized as the sheriff's deputy.

"Has anybody been here, just now?" he asked sharply.

"No."

"Seen anybody go by?" he continued.
