Assume that the flow is completely calm, it is the same number of electrons flowing through the circuit every second. So if we know the duration of the current implementation, we can see how much money is deposited each second.

The law says that if the money is deposited an amount equal to 0.001118 grams per second, so the current is one amp. This is a small amount of silver, only about one thousandth of a gram, and you know that it takes to make one ounce 28.35 grams. It is a very small amount of money, but a large number of atoms. How many? Six thousand million million dollars, of course, because they are deposited each electron of an atom in the current.

In my next letter will tell you how to drag us as batteries can give the electrons, so we must be ready to proceed with more on the Audion.

LETTER 8

ELECTRON-MOVING-FORCES

(This letter may be omitted at first reading.)

DEAR YOUNG MAN:

I hope you have a pretty good idea that an amplifier: a flow of electrons in a certain percentage, so that a flow of say three amplifiers: a stream with three more times over many electrons pass each second.

In the third and fourth letters were found why a battery running electrons around a circuit driving. You can also find that there are several different types of batteries. Batteries vary in its ability to conduct electrons and is useful to have a way to compare. We are measuring the electron's motion, force, or electromotive force, which each battery can exert. To express the electromotive force and give the results of our measurements, we have a certain unity. The device we use is called "V".

The volt is defined by law and are based on proposals by the same body of scientists recommended amps in our last letter. They define it by saying how to do a certain type of battery, and then say that this battery had an electromotive force in a number of volts. You can buy a standard battery or standard cells, as they are called, or he can make them for themselves. To be sure you are appropriate, then you can send to the Bureau of Standards, and the cells were compared to standard by the Bureau.
