Suppose the current has been perfecly steady, that is, the same number of electrons streaming through the circuit each second.Then if we know how long the current has been running we can tell how much silver has been deposited each second.

The law says that if silver is being deposited at the rate of 0.001118 gram each than the current is one amphere. That's a small amount of silver, only about a thousandth part of a gram, and you know that it takes 28.35 grams to make an ounce. It's a very small amount of silver but it's an enormous number of atoms. How many? Six billion billion, of course, for there is deposited one atorm for each electron in the stream.

In my next letter I'll how we measure the pull which batteries can give to electrons, and then we shallbe ready to go on with more about the audion.

LETTER 8

ELECTRON-MOVING-FORCES

(This letter may be omitted on the first reading.)

DEAR YOUNG MAN:

I trust you have a faily good idea  that an ampere means a stream of electrons at a certain definite rate and hence that a current of say 3 amperes means a stream with three times as many electrons passing along each second.

In the third and fourth letters you found out why a battery drives electrons around a conducting circuit. You also found that there are several different kinds of batteries. Batteries differ in their abilities to drive electrons and it is there fore convenient to have some way of comparing them. We do this by measuring the electron-moving-force or "electromotive force" which each battery can exert. To express electromotive force and give the results of our measurements we must have some unit. The unit we use is called the "volt."

The volt is defined by law and is based on the suggestions of the same body of scientists who recommended the amphere of our last letter. They defined it by telling how to make a particular kind of battery and then saying that this battery had an electromotive force of a certain number of volts. One can buy such standard batteries, or standard cells as they are called, or he can make them for himself. To be sure that they are just right he can then send them to the Bureau of Standards and have them compared with the standard cells which the Bureau has.
