Suppose the current has been perfectly steady, that is, the
same number of electrons streaming through the circuit each second. Then if we know how long
the current has been running we can tell how much silver has been deposited each second.

The law says that if silver is being deposited at the rate of 0.001118 gram each second then
the current is one ampere. That's a small amount of silver, only about a thousandth part of
a gram, and you know that it takes 28.35 grams to make an ounce. It's a very small amount of
silver but it's an enormous number of atoms. How many? Six billion billion, of course, for
there is deposited one atom for each electron in the stream.

In my next letter I'll tell you how we measure the pull which batteries can give to electrons,
and then we shall be ready to go on with more about the audion.

LETTER 8

ELECTRON-MOVING-FORCES

(This letter may be omitted on the first reading.)

DEAR YOUNG MAN:

I trust you have a fairly good idea that an ampere means a stream of electrons at a certain
definite rate and hence that a current of say 3 amperes means a stream with three times as
many electrons passing along each second.

In the third and fourth letters you found out why a battery drives electrons around a conducting
circuit. You also found that there are several different kinds of batteries. Batteries differ
in their abilities to drive electrons and it is therefore convenient to have some way of comparing
them. We do this by measuring the electron-moving-force or "electromotive force" which each
battery can exert. To express electromotive force and give the results of our measurements
we must have some unit. The unit we use is called the "volt."

The volt is defined by law and is based on the suggestions of the same body of scientists who
recommended the ampere of our last letter. They defined it by telling how to make a particular
kind of battery and then saying that this battery had an electromotive force of a certain number
of volts. One can buy such standard batteries, or standard cells as they are called, or he
can make them for himself. To be sure that they are just right he can then send them to the
Bureau of Standards and have them compared with the standard cells which the Bureau has.
