Somebody whispered the real name to him. Hill
said aloud, "I beg your pardon, Mr Baron Hotham; but none of us ever heard your name in the
profession before this day." In justice to the baron, however, Lord Eldon adds the following
note:--"The Baron made an extremely good judge. He had not much legal learning; but he had
an excellent understanding, great discretion, unwearied patience, and his manners were extremely
engaging; and those qualities ensuring to him in a very large measure the assistance of the
bar, he executed his duties as a judge with great sufficiency."

Shortly after his commencing the profession, Scott reduced himself into a state of invalidism
by excessive study. In 1774, when he and Cookson, another invalid, were returning to Oxford
from Newcastle, where they had gone to vote at the general election, the good-natured cook
of the inn at Birmingham, where they arrived at eleven at night, insisted on dressing something
hot for them, saying that she was sure neither of them would live to see her again. A medical
friend remonstrated with him on the severity of his studies. "It is not matter," answered Scott,
"I must either do as I am now doing, or starve." He rose at four in the morning, observed a
careful abstinence at his meals, and, to prevent drowsiness, read at night with a wet towel
round his head. At last it became necessary, as the time of being called to the bar approached,
to provide a dwelling in London. In his latter days, he pointed out a house in Cursitor Street.
"There," said he, "was my first perch. Many a time have I run down from that house to Fleet
Market, to get sixpennyworth of sprats for supper." At this period, in mentioning to his brother
the kindness of a great conveyancer, Mr Duane, whom he attended as a gratuitous pupil, he says--"This
conduct of his has taken a great load of uneasiness off my mind; as, in fact, our profession
is so exceedingly expensive that I almost sink under it. I have got a house barely sufficient
to hold my small family, which will, in rent and taxes, cost me L.60. I have been buying books,
too, for the last ten years; but I have got the mortification to find that, before I can settle,
that article of trade--for so I consider it--will cost me near L.200."
