They will cut out on
any line u in the plane two point-rows which are easily seen to be projective. For, given any
four rays SP which are harmonic, the four corresponding rays SP’ must also be harmonic, since
they make the same angles with each other. Four harmonic points P correspond, therefore, to
four harmonic points P’. It is clear, however, that no point P can coincide with its corresponding
point P’, for in that case the lines PS and P’S would coincide, which is impossible if the
angle between them is to be constant.

*49. Fundamental theorem. Postulate of continuity.* We have thus shown that two projective
point-rows, superposed one on the other, may have two points, one point, or no point at all
corresponding to themselves. We proceed to show that

If two projective point-rows, superposed upon the same straight line, have more than two self-corresponding
points, they must have an infinite number, and every point corresponds to itself; that is,
the two point-rows are not essentially distinct.

If three points, A, B, and C, are self-corresponding, then the harmonic conjugate D of B with
respect to A and C must also correspond to itself. For four harmonic points must always correspond
to four harmonic points. In the same way the harmonic conjugate of D with respect to B and
C must correspond to itself. Combining new points with old in this way, we may obtain as many
self-corresponding points as we wish. We show further that every point on the line is the limiting
point of a finite or infinite sequence of self-corresponding points. Thus, let a point P lie
between A and B. Construct now D, the fourth harmonic of C with respect to A and B. D may coincide
with P, in which case the sequence is closed; otherwise P lies in the stretch AD or in the
stretch DB. If it lies in the stretch DB, construct the fourth harmonic of C with respect to
D and B. This point D’ may coincide with P, in which case, as before, the sequence is closed.
If P lies in the stretch DD’, we construct the fourth harmonic of C with respect to DD’, etc.
In each step the region in which P lies is diminished, and the process may be continued until
two self-corresponding points are obtained on either side of P, and at distances from it arbitrarily
small.
