The people will cut any line u plane two-points which are hands-down seen to be projective. Given any four rays which are in accordant, the four according rays SP' must also be in accord, since one another make up the same angles. Four accord points P are in accord, therefore, to four harmonic points P'. It is undimmed, however, that no point P can accompany with it's corresponding point P', for in that case the lines PS and P'S wouls coincide, which is not possible if the angle between them is to be constant.

*49. Fundamental assumption. Assume of progression. We have so far shown that two projective point-rows, concealed one on the other, may have two points, one point, or no point at all corresponding to themselves. We proceed to show that

If two projective point-rows, concealed upon the same straight line, have more than two self-corresponding points, they must have a neverending number, and every point corresponds to itself; that is, the two point-rows are not essentially different.

If three points, A, B, and C, are self-corresponding, then the harmonic compound D of B with regard to A and C must also correspond to itself. For four harmonic points must always correspond to four harmonic points. In the same way the harmonic conjugate of D with regard to B and C must correspond to itself. Combining new points with old in this way, we may obtain as many self-reciprocating points as we wish. We show further that every point on the line is the limiting point of a finite or infinite sequence of self-reciprocating points. Thus, let a point P lie between A and B. Construct now D, the fourth harmonic of C with regard to A and B. D may coincide with P, in which case the sequence is closed; otherwise P lies in the stretch AD or in the stretch DB. If it lies in the stretch DB, construct the fourth harmonic of C with regard to D and B. This point D’ may coincide with P, in which case, as before, the sequence is closed. If P lies in the stretch DD’, we construct the fourth harmonic of C with respect to DD’, etc. In each step the region in which P lies is contracted, and the process may be continued until two self-reciprocating points are obtained on either side of P, and at distances from it expeditiously small.
