To promote a wholesome fear of authority in
the colleges, government every now and then flogged a student at the cart's tail in Holborn,
or pilloried a sad apprentice of the law in Chancery Lane, or hung an ancient on a gibbet at
the entrance of his inn.

The anecdote-books abound with good stories that illustrate the political excitability of the
inns in past times, and the energy with which ministers were wont to repress the first manifestations
of insubordination. Rushworth records the adventure of four young men of Lincoln's Inn who
throw aside prudence and sobriety in a tavern hard by their inn, and drank to "the confusion
of the Archbishop of Canterbury." The next day, full of penitence and head-ache, the offenders
were brought before the council, and called to account for their scandalous conduct; when they
would have fared ill had not the Earl of Dorset done them good service, and privately instructed
them to say in their defence, that they had not drunk confusion to the archbishop but to the
archbishop's foes. On this ingenious representation, the council supposed that the drawer--on
whose information the proceedings were taken--had failed to catch the last word of the toast;
and consequently the young gentlemen were dismissed with a 'light admonition,' much to their
own surprise and the informer's chagrin.

Of the political explosiveness of the inns in Charles II.'s time Narcissus Luttrell gives the
following illustration in his diary, under date June 15 and 16, 1681:--"The 15th was a project
sett on foot in Grayes Inn for the carrying on an addresse for thankes to his majestie for
his late declaration; and was moved that day in the hall by some at dinner, and being (as is
usual) sent to the barre messe to be by them recommended to the bench, but was rejected both
by bench and barr; but the other side seeing they could doe no good this way, they gott about
forty together and went to the tavern, and there subscribed the said addresse in the name of
the truelye loyall gentlemen of Grayes Inn. The chief sticklers for the said addition were
Sir William Seroggs, Jun., Robert Fairebeard, Capt. Stowe, Capt. Radcliffe, one Yalden, with
others, to the number of 40 or thereabouts; many of them sharpers about town, with clerks not
out of their time, and young men newly come from the university. And some of them went the
17th to Windsor, and presented the said addresse to his majesty: who was pleasd to give them
his thanks and confer (it is said) knighthood on the said Mr. Fairebeard; this proves a mistake
since.
