Cold and pompous, with nothing to the interest of the imagination, emotions or exercise, I can not imagine someone less sympathetic to his wife, beautiful and romantic. She must have been very young when she married him, and probably still does not know she complains because he has not learned that he can worship.

I've been twice in his house, when my first record there. I love hearing that voice soft and lovely, and to escape the darkness of my own reflections to shine, but the simplicity of her. In my days at the beginning of this consolation that were present no danger, but we grow callous sense of excess. We can not turn to illuminate the ashes! I can look at the beauty of your dreams, and not experience a single wish, which can stain the purity of my worship. I can hear his voice when it melts in the caress of his birds, flowers, or a deeper devotion to his son, but my heart is not the emotion of tenderness of the sound. She touched my hand and my pulse is as calm as possible. Fullness of the past is our best protection against the temptations of the future and the dangers of young people are more when we have tried to dullness and apathy of affection, which should belong only numbness of age.

Such was the Falkland statements at the time he wrote. Ah! what is so disappointing that our emotions? Our security is our risk - Our Despite our defeat! Day after day he went to E -------. It was on the morning of doing excursions with Emily in the wild and romantic country in which they were surrounded and dangerous but delicious stillness of summer twilight, they heard the first whispers in their hearts.

In his relationship with Lady Margaret took Malvinas his apology for the frequency of their visits: Dalton and even the lady was so captivated by the fascination of his way to (despite his earlier antipathy), forgot to ask how their privacy in E ------ infringed properties of the world he loved, and to what extent was related to herself.

It is not necessary for me to crawl through all its windings formation of this love, the following records that are now referred.
