The arts of Gardening particularly, and the
elegant plan of a farm, have of late years displayed themselves in a few spots to greater advantage
in England, than perhaps ever before in any part of Europe. This is indeed very far from being
universal; and some gardens, admired and celebrated still, are so smoothly regular, so over-planted,
and so crowded with affected, impertinent, ridiculous ornaments of temples, ruins, pyramids,
obelisks, statues, and a thousand other contemptible whims, that a continuation of the same
ground in its rude natural state, is infinitely more delightful. You must often have seen fine
situations ruined with costly pretences to improvement. The most noble and romantic situation
of any gardens I have seen, is near Chepstow; and the gentleman who possesses that delightful
spot, has shewn great judgment and a true taste, in meddling so little with Nature where she
wanted so little help.

This is one happy instance of an admirable situation, where Nature is modestly and judiciously
improved, not hurt, by art. An opposite instance of what art, skill, and taste may produce,
without any particular advantages of ground or situation, is most agreeably displayed in the
royal gardens at Kew. There you find an extent of flat ground, so easily, agreeably, and unaffectedly
broken, that you would think it impossible to alter it but to the worse. To pass without any
notice the agreeable and the elegant pieces of architecture, which without crowding adorn those
delightful gardens; perhaps there is not a physick garden in Europe where any botanist can
be more agreeably entertained, as to the variety of curious plants. But there is something
new as far as I know, and particularly ingenious here in the disposition and management of
them. Those that naturally delight in the rocks, and the dry hungry soil, are here planted
upon ridges of artificial rock-work; where they shew all the luxuriance of vegetation that
they could amongst the Alps, the Pyrenees or the Andes. While a very different tribe, the Aquatics,
display themselves in a large cistern, where they are constantly supplied with their best and
most natural nourishment the rain water, conveyed to them from the eves of the richest greenhouse
I have ever seen.
