I am not stirred one time in a year at the faults of those over whom I have power, but ahead the account of the absurd obstinacy of their allegations, denials, excuses, we are each day going jointly by the ears; they neither recognize what is said, nor why, and reply consequently; 'tis adequate to force a man crazy. I never think any harm upon my head but when 'tis knocked next to another, and further simply excuse the vices of my servants than their daring, importunity, and madness; allow them do fewer, provided they recognize what they do: you exist in wish to warm their fondness to your service, but there is nothing to be had or to be anticipated as of a stock. 

However what, if I acquire belongings or else than they are? Maybe I do; and thus it is that I blame my personal irritation, and grasp, in the first position, that it is evenly vicious both in him that is in the correct, and in him that is in the mistaken; for 'tis forever a tyranny sourness not to bear a outline different to one's own: and, also, there cannot, in reality, be a superior, more steady, nor extra uneven folly than to be stimulated and annoyed at the follies of the world, for it mainly makes us argue with ourselves; and the aged logician never required an instance for his moan whilst he considered himself. Miso, one of the seven sages, of a Timonian and Democritic humour, being asked, "What he laughed on, being alone?"--"That I do chuckle alone," answered him. How many silly things, in my own view, do I speak and reply all day that comes above my head? and after that how numerous new, according to the belief of others? If I taste my own lips, what should others to do? In fine, we have to live among the living, and allow the stream run beneath the bridge without our concern, or, at least, without our obstruction. In reality, why do we meet a man with a hunch-back, or some other irregularity, without being moved, and cannot tolerate the encounter of a distorted brain without being annoyed? This nasty bitterness sticks more to the judge than to the offense. Let us constantly have this proverb of Plato in our mouths: "Do not I imagine belongings unsound, since I am not sound in myself? Am I not myself in mistake? Could not my annotations imitate upon myself?"--an intelligent and celestial axiom, that lashes the nearly all widespread and frequent fault of mankind. Not just the reproaches that we toss in the face of one another, but our reasons too, our opinion and controversy, are reboundable upon us, and we injure ourselves with our own arms: of which antique has left me sufficient serious examples.
