I am not moved once a year, the mistakes of those who have authority over, but on account of their obstinacy ridiculous accusations, denials, excuses, every day we go along the ears, they do not understand what is said, or why, and to respond appropriately, 'tis enough to drive a man insane. I felt no hurt my head, but when' tis beaten against another, and easily forgive the defects of my servants than their boldness, troublesome, and madness, to make them less, provided they understand what they do: living in hope to warm affection to your service, but there is nothing to be had or be expected from a stock.

But what if we take things differently than they are? Can I, and, therefore, I blame my impatience, and holding, first, that is as vicious as in he who is right, and he who is wrong, because " tis always a tyrannical sourness not bear a form contrary to one's own: and, moreover, there may indeed be greater, more constant or more irregular than folly to be moved and angry at the follies world, primarily because we make them clear to ourselves and ancient philosopher never wanted an opportunity to tears as he considered himself. Miso, one of the seven sages, the humor and Democritic Timonian being asked "As he laughed, as ?"--" only one I laugh," he said. How many ridiculous things, in my opinion, I say and respond to each day that comes over my head? and then how much more, in accordance with the opinion of others? If I bite my own lips, what others should do? Finally, we must live among the living, and let the river run under the bridge without our care, or at least without our intervention. Indeed, why we meet a man with a hunch-back, or any other deformity, without being moved, and can not bear encounter between a distorted mind, without being angry? this vicious sourness sticks longer than the judge in the murder. To always have this saying of Plato in his mouth: "I do not think unhealthy things for me that I sound are not the fault myself? My observations may not reflect on me?" - A wise and divine error saying that the genes most universal and common humanity. Not only reproach they throw in front of each other, but also our reasons, our arguments and controversies, are reboundable us, and we wound our weapons: from antiquity that has left me enough examples serious.
