Like Augustus in the agony of his spirit, the sorely pressed Confederates on the east of the
Mississippi asked, and asked in vain: "Varus! Varus! Where are our legions?"

The enemy's advance, fleet and army, reached Alexandria on the 16th of March, but he delayed
sixteen days there and at Grand Ecore. My first reënforcements, two small regiments of horse,
joined at Natchitoches on the 31st; but the larger part of Green's force came in at Mansfield
on the 6th of April, Churchill's infantry reaching Keachi the same day. Had Banks pushed to
Mansfield on the 5th instead of the 8th of April, he would have met but little opposition;
and, once at Mansfield, he had the choice of three roads to Shreveport, where Steele could
have joined him.

Judging from the testimony given to the Congressional Committee on the Conduct of the War,
cotton and elections seem to have been the chief causes of delay. In the second volume of "Report"
may be found much crimination and recrimination between the Navy and Army concerning the seizure
of cotton. Without attempting to decide the question, I may observe that Admiral Porter informs
the Secretary of the Navy of "the capture from the rebels of three thousand bales of cotton
on the Washita river, and two thousand on the Red, all of which I have sent to Cairo"; while
General Banks testifies that he "took from western Louisiana ten thousand bales of cotton and
twenty thousand beef cattle, horses, and mules." From this, the Army appears to have surpassed
the navy to the extent of five thousand bales of cotton and the above-mentioned number of beef
cattle, etc. Whether Admiral Porter or General Banks was the more virtuous, the unhappy people
of Louisiana were deprived of "cakes and ale."

In his enthusiasm for art the classic cobbler forgot his last; but "all quality, pride, pomp,
and circumstance of glorious war" could not make General Banks forget his politics, and he
held elections at Alexandria and Grand Ecore. The General describes with some unction the devotion
of the people to the "Union," which was and was to be, to them, "the fount of every blessing."

Says General Banks in his report: "It became necessary to accomplish the evacuation [of Grand
Ecore] without the enemy's knowledge. The conflagration of a portion of the town at the hour
appointed for the movement partially frustrated the object." And further on: "Rumors were circulated
freely throughout the camp at Alexandria, that upon the evacuation of the town it would be
burned, and a considerable portion of the town was destroyed."
