
Let us widen the concept of humanism, dear to our forefathers, though its meaning has been
narrowed down to the signification of Greek and Latin manuals. In every age, states, universities,
academies, all the conservative forces of the mind, have endeavoured to make humanism in this
narrower sense a dike against the onslaughts of the new spirit, in philosophy, in morals, in
aesthetics. The dike has burst. The framework of a privileged culture has been broken. To-day
we have to accept humanism in its widest signification, embracing all the spiritual forces
of the whole world. What we need is, panhumanism.

       *       *       *       *       *

It is our hope that this ideal, formulated here and there by a few leading minds, or heralded
by the foundation while the war is yet in progress of centres for the study of universal civilisation,[85]
shall be boldly adopted as its ensign by the international academy, in the foundation of which
I hope (with Gerhard Gran) that Norway will take the initiative.

I note that Gerhard Gran seems, like Professor Fredrik Stang, to limit his ambitions to the
foundation of an institute for scientific research, for in his view science is in its essence
more international than art and letters. He writes:

"In art and literature we may, in case of need, discuss the advantages and disadvantages resulting
from the isolation of one nation from the rest, or from the antagonism of human groups. In
science, such a discussion is absurd. The kingdom of science is the whole world.... The atmosphere
indispensable to science has nothing whatever to do with national conflicts."

I think that this distinction is not so well founded as it may seem. No domain of mental activity
has been more disastrously involved in the war than the domain of science. Whereas art and
letters have only too often been accessory stimulants of the crime, science furnished the war
with its weapons, did its utmost to render them more atrocious, to widen the bounds of suffering
and cruelty. I may add that even in time of peace I have always been struck by the bitterness
of national sentiment displayed by men of science. Those of every nation are fond of accusing
their foreign colleagues of stealing their best discoveries and forgetting to acknowledge the
source. In a word, science shares in the evil passions which corrode art and letters.

On the other hand, if science needs the collaboration of all the nations, to art and letters
to-day it is no less advantageous that they should abandon a position of "splendid isolation."
