To expand our concept of humanity, our ancestors loved, although its meaning has been reduced to the significance of Greek and Latin textbooks. In any era, states, universities, academies, all the conservative forces of the mind, have endeavored to make sense of humanism in this strictly a dam against attacks by new spirit in philosophy, morality, in aesthetics. Dig exploded. A privileged culture was broken. With days to accept humanism, in its widest, with all the spiritual forces of the world. What we need is panhumanism.

* * * * *

We hope that this ideal, formulated here and there by a few leading minds, and heralded the foundation while the war is still under study centers of universal civilization, [85] is boldly adopted as its flag by the Academy International, under which I hope (with Gerhard Gran) Norway will take the lead.

I note that Gerhard Gran seems like Professor Fredrik Stang, to limit its ambitions to founding a research institute, because in science's view is more than the substance of international art and letters. He writes:

"In art and literature we could, if necessary, discuss the advantages and disadvantages resulting from isolation from the rest of a nation, or the antagonism of human groups. In science, such a discussion is absurd. Kingdom of science is world .... atmosphere necessary science has nothing to do with any national conflicts. "

I think this distinction is not so well founded as it would seem. No field of disaster mental activity was involved in war than science. Since art and letters have been only too often crime enhancement incentives, science war furnished with its weapons, has done everything possible to make them more heinous, to extend the limits of suffering and cruelty. We might add that, even in times of peace have always been struck by the bitterness of feeling displayed by national scientists. Those of every nation are proud of their foreign colleagues accused of stealing their best discoveries and forgetting to acknowledge the source. In a word, evil passions of science in action, attacking the arts and letters.

On the other hand, if science requires cooperation with all nations, for arts and letters-to-day is less advantageous that they should abandon a position of "splendid isolation".
