We often found ourselves victims of insults by them. As hard as we tried to escape such confrontations, it seemed inevitable to get away for too long. I used to think of ourselves better than most of them. I looked down upon them as mere merchants of human flesh, rude, illiterate soldiers, and homeless vermin. Cuba suffered from them.

Not so long ago we had a visit from a stranger. He was not so much different from the local smugglers. He had traveled these parts often. We learned that he had inquired some time for us before coming to our home. Our "neighbors" had told him of our recent misfortune. He introduced himself as a merchant, while handling a machete between his hands in the back of his trousers. A grim faced lackey was waiting for him just outside our front yard. Our father was absent at the moment, and he asked if he could stay and wait for him for he had a trading proposition. Shortly after my father came back from the village. The stranger told my father that he was supposed to take a 15 bags of flower, and in return he was going to pay him. He tried to act as if he was making my father a deal he could not refuse. But here and there he dropped several clues as to whether he was going to pay for the flower, and if he was expecting my father to say no. In the end my father had little choice but to carry the bags from the storage room to the visitors truck. 

Some time had past since the "kind" stranger took almost half of our years work. But it seemed as if the troubles were far from over. After the sun burned half the harvest in the drought , the raining season came fiercely and sudden. Word came of a big storm heading our way, but it came late, for the storm was already at the doorstep. We tried to secure the storage sheds as much as we could, gathered the animals in the barn, but soon we had to seek refuge for ourselves. Winds swooped all around, bearing the introduction to the real hellstorm. With nothing to do but pray, and hope, my father gathered my mother, my brother and me together, and we just sat waiting. Darkness covered us shortly. I don't know whether it was night or the clouds had covered the sun completely. Thunder mixed with the breaking of trees, the stutter of rain and the whistling of the wind engulfed my senses for what seemed forever. I lost my self in the noise that the silence that followed after the storm had passed seemed like something unnatural.
