Some would feel for our misery, but many
made us weep with their vulgar affronts. On these occasions, Caroline and myself would fly
from these disgusting beings as from the wild beasts who prowled about us. Sometimes, to make
us forget the insults and mortifications we experienced from the negro merchants who live at
Senegal, and whom curiosity brought to our island, my father would say to us, "Wherefore, my
dears, are you distressed with the impertinences of these beings? Only think that, in spite
of your wretchedness, you are a hundred times better than them, who are nothing more than vile
traffickers in human flesh, sons of soldiers, without manners, rich sailors, or freebooters,
without education and without country."

One day, a French negro merchant, whom I will not name, having crossed the Senegal to the station
of Babaguey, and seeing our cottage in the distance, inquired to whom it belonged. He was told
it was the father of a family whom misfortune had forced to seek a refuge in that island. I
wish I could see them, said the merchant, it will be very drôle. In fact, a short while after,
we had a visit from this curieux, who, after he had said all manner of impertinences to us,
went to hunt in our plantation, where he killed the only duck which we had left, and which
he had the audacity to carry away in spite of our entreaties. Fortunately for the insolent
thief, my father was absent, else he would have avenged the death of the duck, which even the
tigers had spared in the massacre of our poultry-yard.

Since the commencement of winter, we had had but little rain, when one night we were roused
by a loud peal of thunder. A horrible tempest swept over us, and the hurricane bent the trees
of the fields. The lightning tore up the ground, the sound of the thunder redoubled, and torrents
of water were precipitated upon our cottage. The winds roared with the utmost fury, our roofs
were swept away, our huts were blown down, and all the waters of heaven rushed in upon us.
A flood penetrated our habitation; all our family drenched, confounded, sought refuge under
the wrecks of our walls of straw and reeds. All our effects were floating, and hurried off
by the floods which surrounded us. The whole heavens were in a blaze; the thunderbolt burst,
fell, and burned the main-mast of the French brig Nantaise, which was anchored at a little
distance from our island. After this horrible detonation, calm was insensibly restored, whilst
the hissing of serpents and howlings of the wild beasts were the only sounds heard around us.
