The dangers of
the nesting-time fall mostly to his share, for his dull brown mate is easily overlooked as
an insignificant sparrow. Nature always gives a plain coat to the wives of these gayly dressed
cavaliers, for her primal thought is the safety of the home and its young life."

THE NIGHT HAWK.

The range of the Night Hawk, also known as "Bull-bat," "Mosquito Hawk," "Will o' the Wisp,"
"Pisk," "Piramidig," and sometimes erroneously as "Whip-poor-will," being frequently mistaken
for that bird, is an extensive one. It is only a summer visitor throughout the United States
and Canada, generally arriving from its winter haunts in the Bahamas, or Central and South
America in the latter part of April, reaching the more northern parts about a month later,
and leaving the latter again in large straggling flocks about the end of August, moving leisurely
southward and disappearing gradually along our southern border about the latter part of October.
Major Bendire says its migrations are very extended and cover the greater part of the American
continent.

The Night Hawk, in making its home, prefers a well timbered country. Its common name is somewhat
of a misnomer, as it is not nocturnal in its habits. It is not an uncommon sight to see numbers
of these birds on the wing on bright sunny days, but it does most of its hunting in cloudy
weather, and in the early morning and evening, returning to rest soon after dark. On bright
moonlight nights it flies later, and its calls are sometimes heard as late as eleven o'clock.

"This species is one of the most graceful birds on the wing, and its aerial evolutions are
truly wonderful; one moment it may be seen soaring through space without any apparent movement
of its pinions, and again its swift flight is accompanied by a good deal of rapid flapping
of the wings, like that of Falcons, and this is more or less varied by numerous twistings and
turnings. While constantly darting here and there in pursuit of its prey," says a traveler,
"I have seen one of these birds shoot almost perpendicularly upward after an insect, with the
swiftness of an arrow. The Night Hawk's tail appears to assist it greatly in these sudden zigzag
changes, being partly expanded during most of its complicated movements."
