The fort is still so outlying great that the lower division is occupied by a farmer's family; and in several of the upper rooms are still lasting huge chimney-pieces of hoary limestone, of a extremely up to date figure, the straight portions of which are decorated with a quatrefoil decoration carved in a round, but there are no dates or armorial bearings: from the windows of the fortress four others are noticeable, no one of them further than two miles from each other; and an extremely big cromlech is inside a little yards of the fort trench. The following myth is connected of the fortress:--When the Danes were constructing the castle (the Danes were the great builders, as Oliver Cromwell was the vast demolisher of all the aged castles, abbeys, &c. in Ireland),--when the Danes were building the Fort of Ballyportree, they composed workmen from all digs, and strained them to work night and day without stopping for relax or food; and according as any of them fell down from fatigue, his body was thrown upon the partition, which was built up above him! When {491} the fortress was completed, its residents tyrannised over the entire nation, until the time arrived once the Danes were at last excluded from Ireland. Ballyportree Castle held out to the final, but at duration it was occupied following a brutal struggle, only three of the defence force being found lively, who proved to be a father and his two sons; the furious conquerors were about to murder them too, when one of then projected that their life should be spared, and a liberated way to their own nation given them, on circumstance that they taught the Irishmen how to prepare the well-known ale from the heather--that underground so keenly desirable by the Irish, and so passionately protected by the Danes. At first neither promises nor pressure had any outcome on the prisoners, but at extent the senior fighter consented to inform the secret on situation that his two sons have to first be put to demise before his eyes, alleging his dread, that when he returned to his own fatherland, they might cause him to be set to death for revealing the secret. Though rather astonished at his demand, the Irish chieftains straight away comply with it, and the young men were slain. Then the old soldier exclaimed, "Fools! I saw that your pressure and your promises were starting to manipulate my sons; for they were but boys, and might have yielded: but now the secret is secure, your bullying or your promises have no consequence on me!" furious at their distress, the Irish military hewed the harsh northman in pieces, and the popular secret is still mysterious.
