The castle
is still so far perfect that the lower part is inhabited by a farmer's family; and in some
of the upper rooms are still remaining massive chimney-pieces of grey limestone, of a very
modern form, the horizontal portions of which are ornamented with a quatrefoil ornament engraved
within a circle, but there are no dates or armorial bearings: from the windows of the castle
four others are visible, none of them more than two miles from each other; and a very large
cromlech is within a few yards of the castle ditch. The following legend is related of the
castle:--When the Danes were building the castle (the Danes were the great builders, as Oliver
Cromwell was the great destroyer of all the old castles, abbeys, &c. in Ireland),--when the
Danes were building the Castle of Ballyportree, they collected workmen from all quarters, and
forced them to labour night and day without stopping for rest or food; and according as any
of them fell down from exhaustion, his body was thrown upon the wall, which was built up over
him! When {491} the castle was finished, its inhabitants tyrannised over the whole country,
until the time arrived when the Danes were finally expelled from Ireland. Ballyportree Castle
held out to the last, but at length it was taken after a fierce resistance, only three of the
garrison being found alive, who proved to be a father and his two sons; the infuriated conquerors
were about to kill them also, when one of then proposed that their lives should be spared,
and a free passage to their own country given them, on condition that they taught the Irishmen
how to brew the famous ale from the heather--that secret so eagerly coveted by the Irish, and
so zealously guarded by the Danes. At first neither promises nor threats had any effect on
the prisoners, but at length the elder warrior consented to tell the secret on condition that
his two sons should first be put to death before his eyes, alleging his fear, that when he
returned to his own country, they might cause him to be put to death for betraying the secret.
Though somewhat surprised at his request, the Irish chieftains immediately complied with it,
and the young men were slain. Then the old warrior exclaimed, "Fools! I saw that your threats
and your promises were beginning to influence my sons; for they were but boys, and might have
yielded: but now the secret is safe, your threats or your promises have no effect on me!" Enraged
at their disappointment, the Irish soldiers hewed the stern northman in pieces, and the coveted
secret is still unrevealed.
