Castle is still as perfect as the bottom is inhabited by a farmer family, and in some rooms above are still remaining heavy smoke, pieces of gray limestone, a very modern form, horizontal sections are decorated with a quatrefoil ornament engraved in a circle, but no data or flags: the other four windows of the castle are visible, none of them more than two miles from each other, and a large cromlech is a few yards from the castle moat. The following legend is related to the castle: - When the Danes were building the castle (Danes were great builders, as Oliver Cromwell was great destroyer of all the old castles, monasteries, & c. in Ireland), - when Danes were building Castle Ballyportree, workers were collected from all quarters, and forced them to work day and night without stopping for rest or food, and as none of them fell from exhaustion, his body was thrown on the wall, which was built over it! When (491) castle was finished, its inhabitants tyrannised over the whole country, until she finally reached Danes were expelled from Ireland. Ballyportree Castle introduced last, but at length was taken after a fierce resistance, the garrison of only three found alive, which proved to be a father and two sons, enraged conquerors were about to kill them also, when one suggested then that their lives should be spared, and free way to give their country, provided that they have learned how to brew the famous of Irish Heather - who forward secrecy so coveted by the Irish, and so zealously guarded by the Danes. At first neither promises nor threats had no effect on prisoners but at greater length warrior has agreed to tell her secret, provided that the two sons should be first put to death before his eyes, based on his fear that if returned to their country, they could cause him to be put to death for betraying the secret. Although somewhat surprised at his request, met with immediate Irish chiefs he and young people were killed. Then old warrior exclaimed: "I saw crazy! Your threats and promises That you began to influence my children, for they were but boys, and should be given: but now the secret is safe, your threats or promises . have no effect on me! "enraged at their disappointment, Irish soldiers carved Scandinavian Stern in pieces, and is still coveted secret unrevealed.
