Some politicians do not accept the concept that the economic status of a country could in anyway be affected by low cost bread. People who do not agree with this concept have no understanding of social economy, or at best they have only a rudimentary knowledge of how it works. Let us suppose that a foreign country produced all sorts of consumer items, including luxury articles and offered to sell it to us at a price that is just a third of the cost identical products manufactured in our country. In such a situation, we need to ask ourselves if it would be good for the country to do away with protective taxes. What would happen, if for example, farmers demanded that such low priced imports not be subject to protective duties so that they could buy clothes at a lower cost and save themselves a lot of money? If we were to give in to such demands, our factories in which a huge amount of money has been invested will become bankrupt. They will not be able to pay their workers who will then face a great deal of hardship earning a living to feed their families. Cheap bread, attractive as it may seem, will bring havoc in its wake. Let us consider what Mr. Hudson, who deals with grains, has to say about this. According to him, wheat could be imported at 30s to 40s a quarter. Naturally there will be a scramble to buy this wheat at such a low price. But slowly and surely, the competition will hike up the price. In the meantime, farmers will prefer to buy the wheat at a price that is cheaper than growing and marketing it. It is not difficult to foresee what is bound to follow. Farmers give up cultivating wheat and allow their land to go fallow. Agriculture will be affected and bankruptcy will rise. Naturally, this will adversely affect domestic manufacture and marketing of domestic products.

So then, we need to ask ourselves is low cost bread really and truly a blessing for the workers? In order to answer this we need to examine what exactly is meant by cheap or low cost bread.
