Will, "he said, and was about to leave the room when the nurse, an honest woman country, helped again to ask where to write to the man who gave him news of his young daughter.

"I do not want anything," he said. "You can apply this to the lady of money if the child lives, and if he dies she lets me know and I need to send no more." So saying he left the room, leaving women with the hands and eyes raised to the behavior of hard-hearted father.

For nearly two years M. Linders was absent from Paris, walking, as was his custom from one city to another, a free man, as he himself would have said, except for a tie, which recognized only the amounts of money sent from time to time with generous enough to Madame Lavaux. No news reached him of his son and wanted none. But some twenty months after the death of his wife, the business was forced to go for a couple of weeks to Paris, and face a day of fun in his hands, he thought with a sudden urge to use the country and go to see his child. Lavaux found the lady where she was and left.

The woman that Madeleine had been placed shortly lived about fifteen miles from Paris, in a small town halfway up a steep hill from the foot of which is stretched a wide plain, where the Seine wounded slowly through the trees and meadows, and scattered villages. The house, which was directed M. Linders stood out from others in the vicinity of road, but separated from it by a stretch of garden planted with herbs, and a patch of vines and when he opened the door, left a beautiful little picture of a toddler with an apron very short-waisted, long skirts, todd tion that play hide and seek between the posts and earrings high end, and kept within safe limits by a pair of arms went around the arm of a woman sitting on the shadow of the door, knitting. As M. Linder went up the narrow road, ran up to him to the fullest extent of their ties, the publication of inarticulate cries little excited, and brimming with joyous laughter of a child as instinctive consciousness is marked by its happy environment.
