The confiscation of Protestant mission sites in the Orange Free State
is one of the instances; another was exemplified in a raid perpetrated about forty years ago
by the Transvaal Boers upon the inoffensive Bechuana tribe, whose chief and many of his people
had accepted the Christian faith through the teaching of Moffat, David Livingstone, and other
evangelists. The pretext for that raid was a lying report that that Bechuana chief had bartered
some 400 guns from traders to fight the Boers with. The Boers sent an ultimatum requiring the
surrender of those weapons. Despite the protestation of the chief and his people that not more
than eight guns had been bartered for hunting, which had later proved true, a commando was
sent against them under Commandant Paul Krüger, now President Krüger. Many of the natives were
slain, their villages burnt, their cattle seized, and great numbers of the tribe taken captive
for distribution as servants among the Boer farmers in the Transvaal. That raid was further
signalized by the total destruction of Moffat's mission station--church, school buildings,
and industrial shops. These, after being looted, were all consigned to the flames, as also
the missionary dwellings, among which was that of David Livingstone, with his furniture, books,
and belongings. There are abundant records, besides that of the Bechuana nation, that barbarous
and idolatrous peoples are amenable to Christianity without the prior influences of civilization
or individual education, or that they should be subjugated first, as the Boers would have it.
What indeed is of immense aid for moral and economic advancement is the operation of civilized
and liberal governmental authority, repressing slavery, under which proprietary rights and
justice are equally afforded to black and white, and where the Gospel might have a free course
without constraint and without inducements of material advantages.

It seemed that such conditions were on the eve of eventuating for the rescue and disenthralment
of darkest Africa. This is what Moffat, Livingstone, Coillard, and many other devoted servants
of the Gospel had prayed for all their lives, what has been and still is the burden of the
prayers (no doubt all inspired) of millions of Christians.
