All of the nobles yielded although they did so with a great deal of reluctance. The roads were cleared of robbers and peace was restored at home. Some offenders were intimated by the justice dealt out. As a result the tribune were regarded as the destined restorer of Rome and Italy. Most of the Italian republics and some of the Princes sent ambassadors and recognized the pretensions which were ostentatious. The King of Hungary and the Queen of Naples submitted their quarrel to the arbitration of Rienzi who decided not to undertake the desicion. This sudden exaltation made his understanding rather intoxicated which in turn made him exhibit feelings that were wrong for his for his elevated condition. If Rienzi had been to live in our time his talents would have found their own path for he is not unusual among literary politicians. He had a knowledge and eloqence combined with enthusiasm, vanity, inexperience of mankind, unsteadiness and timidity. As these qualities became more easily seen they obscured his virtues and caused all his advantages to be forgotten. As a result he was forced to abdicate his government and retire into exile.Several years later some time of which he spent in Prison, Rienzi was brought back to Rome and was given the title of senator under the command of the legate. It was assumed that the Romans who had returned to their habits of disobedience and defiance would happily comply to their favourite tribune. For a little while this did work but they stopped respecting a man who did not respet himself, this they believed because he accepted a station where he would no longer be free. This brought about Rienzi's death in an incitement.

"The doors of the Capitol",says Gibbon. "were destroyed with axes and with fire: and while the senator attempted to escape in a plebeian garb, he was dragged to the platform of his palace, the fatal scene of his judgments and executions," after enduring lengthy tortures of uncertainty and insult, he was stabbed with a thousand daggers amidst the loathing and cursing of the people.

In Rome there is still a curious and very old brick dwelling that is distinguished by the inscription of "The House of Pilate," but is instead well known to be the house of Rienzi.
