All the nobles submitted, although with great reluctance, roads were cleared of robbers, peace was restored at home, a few examples of serious criminals and justice court was intimidated by all people considered for the restorer of Rome and Italy. Most of the Italian republics, and some princes, sent ambassadors, and seemed to acknowledge claims that were tolerable flashy. King of Hungary and Queen of Naples, presented to argue their arbitration Rienzi, who did not, however, undertake to decide. But this exaltation sudden feeling drunk his understanding, and set entirely incompatible with his status elevated. If Rienzi have lived in our time, talent, who were really great, would find their proper orbit, the character was not unusual among politicians literary one, a combination of knowledge, eloquence, and enthusiasm for excellence ideal with vanity, lack of experience of mankind, instability, and physical timidity. Since these latter qualities became visible, they eclipsed his virtues, and caused its benefits to be forgotten: he was forced to abdicate his government, and retire into exile. After several years, some of which went to prison in Avignon, Rienzi was brought back to Rome with the title of senator, and command related. It was assumed that the Romans, who returned to their habits of disobedience, will be happy in their favorite gallery. And this was where several months, but thereafter ceased altogether to observe a man who respected himself so little to accept a position where he could be free, and Rienzi was killed in a revolt.

"Capitol doors," says Gibbon, "were destroyed with axes and fire, and while the senator attempted to escape in a plebeian garb, he was dragged to the platform of his palace, the fatal scene of his judgments and executions , "and after long-term torture of suspense and insult, he was pierced with a thousand daggers in mid execrations people.

Rome is still a place showed curious old brick, which is distinguished by the name "House of Pilate", but known to be the house of Rienzi.
