All the nobles
submitted, though with great reluctance; the roads were cleared of robbers; tranquillity was
restored at home; some severe examples of justice intimidated offenders; and the tribune was
regarded by all the people as the destined restorer of Rome and Italy. Most of the Italian
republics, and some of the princes, sent embassadors, and seemed to recognise pretensions which
were tolerably ostentatious. The King of Hungary and Queen of Naples submitted their quarrel
to the arbitration of Rienzi, who did not, however, undertake to decide it. But this sudden
exaltation intoxicated his understanding, and exhibited feelings entirely incompatible with
his elevated condition. If Rienzi had lived in our own age, his talents, which were really
great, would have found their proper orbit, for his character was one not unusual among literary
politicians; a combination of knowledge, eloquence, and enthusiasm for ideal excellence, with
vanity, inexperience of mankind, unsteadiness, and physical timidity. As these latter qualities
became conspicuous, they eclipsed his virtues, and caused his benefits to be forgotten: he
was compelled to abdicate his government, and retire into exile. After several years, some
of which he passed in the prison of Avignon, Rienzi was brought back to Rome, with the title
of senator, and under the command of the legate. It was supposed that the Romans, who had returned
to their habits of insubordination, would gladly submit to their favourite tribune. And this
proved the case for a few months; but after that time they ceased altogether to respect a man
who so little respected himself in accepting a station where he could no longer be free, and
Rienzi was killed in a sedition.

"The doors of the capitol," says Gibbon, "were destroyed with axes and with fire; and while
the senator attempted to escape in a plebeian garb, he was dragged to the platform of his palace,
the fatal scene of his judgments and executions;" and after enduring the protracted tortures
of suspense and insult, he was pierced with a thousand daggers, amidst the execrations of the
people.

At Rome is still shown a curious old brick dwelling, distinguished by the appellation of "The
House of Pilate," but known to be the house of Rienzi.
