
It was verging upon three o'clock in the morning, when the watchers heard some one very quietly
remove a portion of the back-boarding of the centre house. Presently, a closely-muffled figure,
with a dark-lantern and a bag in his hand, crept through the opening, and made direct for the
hearth-stone; lifted it, turned on his light slowly, gathered up the treasure, crammed it into
his bag, and murmured with an exulting chuckle as he reclosed the lantern and stood upright:
'Safe--safe, at last!' At the instant, the light of half a dozen lanterns flashed upon the
miserable wretch, revealing the stern faces of as many gendarmes. 'Quite safe, M. Pierre Nadaud!'
echoed their leader. 'Of that you may be assured.' He was unheard: the detected culprit had
fainted.

There is little to add. Nadaud perished by the guillotine, and Delessert was, after a time,
liberated. Whether or not he thought his ill-gotten property had brought a curse with it, I
cannot say; but, at all events, he abandoned it to the notary's heirs, and set off with Le
Bossu for Paris, where, I believe, the sign of 'Delessert et Fils, Ferblantiers,' still flourishes
over the front of a respectably furnished shop.

PHILOSOPHY OF THE SHEARS.

The vestiarian profession has always been ill-treated by the world. Men have owed much, and
in more senses than one, to their tailors, and have been accustomed to pay their debt in sneers
and railleries--often in nothing else. The stage character of the tailor is stereotyped from
generation to generation; his goose is a perennial pun; and his habitual melancholy is derived
to this day from the flatulent diet on which he will persist in living--cabbage. He is effeminate,
cowardly, dishonest--a mere fraction of a man both in soul and body. We may suppose that a
certain character of effeminacy attached to a tailor in that olden time when he was the fashioner
for women as well as men; but now that he has no professional dealings with the fair sex but
when they assume masculine 'habits,' it is unreasonable to continue the stigma. In like manner,
when the cloth belonged to the customer, it was allowable enough to suspect him of a little
amiable weakness for cabbage; but now that he is himself the clothier, the joke is pointless
and absurd.
