4 o'clock in the morning was fast approaching as Charlie and I stood watch on our nighly security gig. Standing against the wall of the first house on the row trying not to fall aspleep, the soft creaks of a door opening behind the middle house, Old Mr. Donovan's, just barely caught our ears. The sound was nearly lost on us as it intermingled with the distant sound of the traffic on the main road and joined the cacophony of the night. We split up to investigate. Charlie moved to the front of the house and called for back-up, his tall lanky figure hunched down as he carefully stalked through the darkness, and I approached the back of the house. As I stealthly approached the side of Old Mr. Donovan's back fence I briefly caught sight of a dim beam of light emanating from a dark blob moving across a dirt ground that was dimly steeped in moonlight. Thanks to this moonlight, I was able to compose an image of the figure in my wind: he was a small man in a heavy long coat, perhaps a trench coat with the collar pulled up to cover his face, and he held a large duffle bag and a flashlight that looked as if it was losing battery power. As we cased the house the thief made a bee-line to Old Mr. Donovans's antique wood stove, which stood next to his La-Z-Boy, and shoved Mr. Donovan's brand new 19'' plasma flat screen into his duffle bag. Grinning ear to ear with an adrenaline rush that only a successful theif would know, he turned off his flashlight and turned to retrace his steps when the four of us security guards jumped out of the darkness and surrounded him. In the angry glow of our flashlights, Wendell the Security Supervisor shouted “It's okay! It's just a little lady!.” We dropped our flashlights and stood in shock: the dark, creepy thief was indeed a she. And it we weren't surprised enough, the comely girl quickly became disoriented, lifted her eyes up to the roof and fell to the floor. She never regained consciousness.

After the drama subsided and became nothing more than a footnote in the history of our great town, I sometimes still thought about what had happened that night. Wendell had taken the 19'' for himself, telling Old Mr. Donovan that he needed to keep it for “evidence” for the police. Being the trusting man that Old Mr. Donovan was, he didn't question it. I found out sometime later that Wendell had pawned the T.V.- perhaps he thought the device was tainted by the tragic hands that had originally ripped it from it's cord. Whatever the reason, he left town with his girlfriend and started up a successful welding business with his sons. Too bad. I had viewed the man as a strong leader. And if I learned anything from this story, it is that trust must not be given lightly.


THE WAY OF THE FLEECE

Have we always had an inherent disrespect for the tailor? Now that he deals with both men's and women' fashion, is he not seen as less than masculine when he must fit the business suit of a successful career woman? Now that he makes the clothes as often as he repairs and fits the clothes, is he now the butt of the once good-natured jokes that his clients had once paid their debts to him with? It is tempting to believe that the tailor was once seen as acceptingly noble, but in addition to the effeminate nature of his work, his traditional idiosynchracies concerning a diet rich in turgid-inducing foods and the endless humor possibilities arising from his goose has in fact led him to be perpetually slapped with unsavory labels. Never being one to go fight a war or save a damsel in distress, society has viewed him as less of a man; lacking in integrity, cowardly, meek.
