They neither murmur nor repine. Not
a fretful word escapes them. They bear the frowns of fortune with a philosophic composure.(7)

(7) Carver, Travels.

If we cross the Atlantic and land on the African shore, we find that the 'everlasting Negro'
is a gambler--using shells as dice--and following the practice of his 'betters' in every way.
He stakes not only his 'fortune,' but also his children and liberty, which he cares very little
about, everywhere, until we incite him to do so--as, of course, we ought to do, for every motive
'human and divine.'

There is no doubt, then, that this propensity is part and parcel of 'the unsophisticated savage.'
Let us turn to the eminently civilized races of antiquity--the men whose example we have more
or less followed in every possible matter, sociality, politics, religion--they were all gamblers,
more or less. Take the grand prototypes of Britons, the Romans of old. That gamesters they
were! And how gambling recruited the ranks of the desperadoes who gave them insurrectionary
trouble! Catiline's 'army of scoundrels,' for instance.

The Romans had 'lotteries,' or games of chance, and some of their prizes were of great value,
as a good estate and slaves, or rich vases; others of little value, as vases of common earth,
but of this more in the sequel.

Among the Gothic kings who, in the fulness of time and accomplishments, 'succeeded' to that
empire, we read of a Theodoric, 'a wise and valiant prince,' who was 'great lover of dice;'
his solicitude in play was only for victory; and his companions knew how to seize the moment
of his success, as consummate courtiers, to put forward their petitions and to make their requests.
'When I have a petition to prefer,' says one of them, 'I am easily beaten in the game that
I may win my cause.'(8) What a clever contrivance! But scarcely equal to that of the GREAT
(in politeness) Lord Chesterfield, who, to gain a vote for a parliamentary friend, actually
submitted to be BLED! It appears that the voter was deemed very difficult, but Chesterfield
found out that the man was a doctor, who was a perfect Sangrado, recommending bleeding for
every ailment. He went to him, as in consultation, agreed with the man's arguments, and at
once bared his arm for the operation.
