They neither whisper nor repine. Not a anxious speech escapes them. They tolerate the frowns of luck with a philosophic calm. (7) 

(7) Carver, Travels. 

If we traverse the Atlantic and terrain on the African coast, we discover that the eternal Negro' is a gambler--using shells as dice--and following the practice of his 'betters' in each way. He stakes not just his luck, but also his kids and freedom, which he cares very little on, all over, until we rouse him to do so--as, of course, we have to do, for each drive ‘person and divine.' 

There is no hesitation, then, that this tendency is piece and package of 'the unsophisticated savage.' Let us rotate to the highly cultured races of antiquity--the men whose model we have further or fewer followed in every likely subject, sociality, politics, religion--they were every one gambler, more or less. Take the majestic prototypes of Britons, the Romans of old. Those gamesters they were! And how betting recruited the position of the desperadoes who gave them dissatisfied difficulty! Catiline's ‘military of scoundrels,' for example. 

The Romans had 'lotteries,' or playoffs of possibility, and a few of their prizes were of enormous price, as a fine estate and slaves, or prosperous vases; others of small value, as vases of ordinary soil, but of this more in the result. 

Among the Gothic kings who, in the fullness of time and activities, 'succeeded' to that kingdom, we read of a Theodoric, 'a clever and courageous prince,' who was 'great fan of dice;' his concern in play was just for triumph; and his companions knew how to grab the instant of his victory, as consummate courtiers, to put ahead their petitions and to craft their needs. 'When I have an appeal to favor,' says one of them, 'I am simply crushed in the match that I may succeed my reason.'(8) What a intelligent contrivance! But barely equal to that of the GREAT (in politeness) Lord Chesterfield, who, to increase a ballot for a parliamentary companion, in fact submitted to be BLED! It appears that the elector was deemed very hard, but Chesterfield found out that the man was a physician, who was an ideal Sangrado, recommending hemorrhage for all sickness. He went to him, as in discussion, approved with the man's opinion, and at once bared his arm for the operation.
