Early in June before the beetles begin to lay their eggs it should be applied and again in July to keep the tree well protected.

At a meeting of the Massachusetts State Board of Agriculture Hon. T.S. Gold of Connecticut said regarding preventing the ravages of the borer.

washed with soap made of  tobacco water and fresh cow manure mingled like cream and put on early with an old broom and allowed to trickle down about the roots of the tree has proved with me a very excellent preventive of the ravages of the borer and a healthful wash for the trunk of the tree much to be preferred to the application of lime or whitewash 
as the potash or the soda as this mixture of soft soap and manure I am inclined to think is not as desirable an application.which I have often seen applied 

J.B. Moore said regarding to the destruction of the borer  of Concord Mass at the same meeting 

For the destruction of that insect I think that whale oil soap can be used successfully .If you put it on its full strength it will not hurt the tree it is a very simple thing.You can take whale oil soap and dilute until it is about as thick as paint and put a coating of it on the tree where the holes are and I have done it  and I will bet you will never see a borer on that tree until the new crop comes.

Paper 1 or 2 feet wide needed for borers tarred to be wrapped about the base of the trunk of the tree
and 1 or 2 inches below the lower edge from the surface of the soil. This prevents the two-striped borer from laying its eggs in the tree but would not be entirely effectual against the flat-headed borer which attacks any part of the trunk and branches.Hundreds of valuable apple trees saved by the general use of these means for the prevention of the ravages of the borers the damages done by these insects could be brought within very narrow limits.

H.REYNOLDS, M.D.

Livermore Falls, Me.

* * * * *

KEFFEL'S GERMINATING APPARATUS.

In the annexed the apparatus represented cut is designed to show the quality of various commercial seeds and to avoid any fraudulent adulterations that they may have undergone.
