In order to keep the tree well protected it should be applied in early June just before the beetles begin laying their eggs, and once again in July.

Hon. T.S. Gold of Connecticut, at a meeting of the Massachusetts State Board of agriculture said that in regards to preventing the ravages of the borer:

"A wash made of soap, tobacco water and fresh cow manure mingled to a consistency of cream, and put on early with an old broom and allowed to trickle doen about the roots of the tree, has proved with me a very excellent preventative of the ravages of the borer, and a healthful wash for the trunk of the tree, much to be preferred to the application of lime or whitewash, which i have often seen applied, but which i am inclined to think is not as desirable an application as the potash or the soda, as the mixture of soft soap and manure."

J.B. Moore of concord, Mass at the very same meeting in Massachusetts said that in regards to the destruction of the borer:

"I have found, i think, that whale oil soap can be used successfully for the destruction of that insect. It is a very simple thing: it will not hurt the tree if you put it on its full strength. You can take whale oil soap and dilute it is about as thick as paint, and put a coating of it on the tree where the holes are, and i will bet you will never see a borer on that tree untill the new crop comes. I feel certain of it, because i have done it."

It has also been recommended that wrapping tarred paper 1 or 2 feet in width about the base of the tree, with the lower edge being 1 to 2 inches below the surface of the soil,prevents the two-striped borer from laying its eggs in the tree. However it would not have the same effect on the flat-headed borer which attacks any part of the trunk and the branches of the tree. If these methods of prevention were more widely used against borers the damage inflicted by these insects could be limited and many hundreds of valuable apple tree could be saved.

H. Reynolds, M.D. of Livermore Falls, Me.

*****

KEFFEL'S GERMINATING APPARATUS

The apparatus that is represented in the annexed cut is designed to show the quality of various comercial seeds, and to make known of any fraudulent adulterations that they may have undergone.
