My mother was English by birth but grew up mostly in Paris. She was tall and handsome and people who knew her affectionately called her ‘la belle Madame Pasquier’. My father was also tall and handsome and he was ‘le beau Pasquier’ for our acquaintances. He was by nature a cheerful person, good humored and with a ready laughter. He was a Frenchman , born in England when his parents immigrated there to escape the ‘Reign of Terror’. He grew up in London.

My father had the most wonderful voice which was rich and sweet and powerful. He was a baritone tenor and wanted very much to sing in operas. This desire took him to the Paris Consevatoire where he spent three studying, taking with him all his hopes and longing to be a great singer. However, his parents who were dirt poor, were very strict Catholics and did not want him to take up a career singing in operas. For them, such an occupation was not only demeaning but also ungodly. He had to give up his ambition to become a singer and the world lost a magnificent baritone tenor, and the family, untold wealth.

Eventually, he married when he had just enough to sustain himself and his wife. His wife was not only a heretic, she was also in a similar financial situation. He spent all his time and their combined fortunes, which did not amount to much, in trying to invent scientific gadgets. But he had little talent, and no training, in this field. Naturally, his inventions did not amount to anything much. 

While waiting for Lady Luck to smile on him and bring him great wealth from his ‘inventions’, he sang. He sang at home for his own pleasure and to amuse his wife. The servants were thrilled to hear his wonderful voice raised in song. He sang to the delight le Pere et la Francois, the five followers of Napoleon, and all and sundry, including myself, a very insignificant person at that time.

Though my father never thought that his voice had any great merit, for me it was the loveliest thing in the entire world. My father’s phenomenal voice was complemented by the accompaniment on piano and harp by my mother. She was no mean musician herself. She had the habit of playing at night, leaving doors of my bedroom and the drawing room open so that I could luxuriate in that wonderful music until I closed my eyes in sleep.
