I never saw Eva look better than it did that night. We lounged around the room until I came to set them, attached me there, and did some heavy flirting. I asked her to take a moonlight walk, but I heard her aunt and gave her a look, which she said the air was too cold outside. I saw the game was being above board. Aunt Stunner took issue in his own hands and started playing seriously. Mr. David Todd, Jr. was there, and Eve paid him a good deal of attention: I did not like.

Currently, she went to dance with him, and sat me Aunt Stunner. Fanning is strong, she said in a confidential tone, "Eve is to look sweet night: do not think so, Highrank?"

Miss Eva always looks happy, I said shortly. I wanted to talk to old lady.

"Mr. Todd seems to think so," continued with a nod and a look at me knowing. Obviously, she was playing against Highrank Todd.

"Mr David Todd, Jr.?" I asked him flat, "he has thirty thousand a year, no?"

She looked at me sharply for a moment, then smiled and said: "How should I know, sir Highrank It's rare personal merit which I like.? I own I am glad to see him so attentive to the child for her sake. She is so impulsive and innocent so I probably feel like a younger, more elegant kind of man "- here she looked at me -" because I do recognize the anxiety of having a settled happy. No, but that some young people are exceptions, "he continued amiably, and make excellent wives."

"There are two classes of people," I remarked quietly. "They can be divided into those who make good husbands and those who do not. Wealthy men are superior and are best equipped to fill the position."

"I agree with you completely: you are a very sensitive young man," replied the old enthusiasm, does not recognize the quote.

I spoke to Eve back: then I argued next waltz, and decided I would carry off to Todd. I hold her hand but she did not answer: it was clear she was obeying orders.

"I want to go with me?" I whispered that I was close to an open window in a break dance.

"I can not, Charley - indeed, I can not, as I tried to draw out her:" I'll explain another time. "
