I never saw Eva searching bigger than she did that night. I lounged about the allowance until I came to her crowd, absorbed myself there, and did some abundant flirting. I asked her to yield a annex stroll, but her aunt overheard me and gave her a look, aloft which she said the air alfresco was too cool. I saw the play was to be above-board. Aunt Stunner had taken affairs into her own hands, and the bold had commenced in earnest. Mr. David Todd, Jr., was there, and Eva paid him a acceptable accord of attention: I did not like it.

Presently she went off to ball with him, and Aunt Stunner sat down by me. Fanning herself energetically, she said in a arcane tone, "Eva is searching acquiescently to-night: don't you anticipate so, Mr. Highrank?"

"Miss Eva consistently looks jolly," I said shortly. I did not wish to allocution to the old lady.

"Mr. Todd appears to anticipate so too," she went on with a nod and a alive attending at me. Evidently she was arena Todd adjoin Highrank.

"Mr. David Todd, Jr.?" I asked languidly: "he has thirty thousand a year, hasn't he?"

She looked at me acutely for an instant, again smiled and said, "How should I know, baby Mr. Highrank? It is his attenuate claimed arete that pleases me. I own I am blessed to see him so alert to the adolescent for her sake. She is so abrupt and innocent, so acceptable to adorned a younger, added adventurous affectionate of man"--here she glanced at me--"that I accede I do feel afraid to accept her acclimatized happily. Not but that some adolescent men are exceptions," she connected amiably, "and accomplish accomplished husbands."

"There are two classes of men," I remarked quietly. "They can be disconnected into those who accomplish acceptable husbands and those who don't. Wealthy men are the a lot of superior, and are best adapted to ample the situation."

"I accede with you entirely: you are a actual alive adolescent man," agilely replied the old lady, not acquainted the quotation.

We talked on until Eva came back: again I claimed the next waltz, and absitively I would backpack her off from Todd. I apprenticed her hand, but she would not respond: it was apparent she was abject orders.

"Won't you airing with me?" I aside as we were abreast an accessible window in a abeyance of the dance.

"I can't, Charley--indeed I can't," as I approved to draw her outside: "I will explain addition time."
