Every boy in the village knows his name, and I often catch him in the street with a
posse of little, dirty urchins playing around him. But he is not quite satisfied with this
kind of company; for, if taking a walk with any of the family, he will only just acknowledge
his plebeian play-fellow with a simple shake of the tail, equivalent to the distant nod which
a patrician school-boy bestows on the town-boy school-fellow whom he chances to meet when in
company with his aristocratical relations. The only approach to bad feeling that I ever discovered
in Rover is a slight disposition to jealousy; but this in him is more a virtue than a vice;
for it springs entirely from affection, and has nothing mean or malicious in it, one instance
will suffice to show how he expresses this feeling. One day a little stray dog attached himself
to me and followed me home; I took him into the house and had him fed, intending to keep him
until I could discover the owner. For this act of kindness the dog expressed thanks in the
usual way. Rover, although used to play the truant, from the moment the little stranger entered
the premises, never quitted us till he saw him fairly off. His manner towards us became more
ingratiating than usual, and he seemed desirous, by his assiduities and attentions, to show
us, that we stood in need of no other favourite or companion. But at the same time he showed
no animosity whatever towards his supposed rival. Here was reason and refinement too. Besides
the friends whom he meets in my house, Rover also forms attachments of his own, in which he
shows a great discrimination. It is not every one who offers him a bone that he will trust
as a friend. He has one or two intimate acquaintances in the village whom he regularly visits,
and where in case of any remissness on the part of the cook, he is sure to find a plate of
meat. Rover is a most feeling, sweet dispositioned dog--one instance of his affection and kindheartedness
I cannot omit. He had formed an attachment to a labourer, who worked about my garden, and would
frequently follow him to his home, where he was caressed by the wife and children. It happened
that the poor wife was taken ill and died. The husband was seriously afflicted, and showed
a feeling above the common.
