Edgar Allen Poe worked for various newspapers in the country. His employers always found him to be a diligent, hardworking person who was always on time, and very thorough in his work. N.P. Willis of the ‘Evening Post’ said that Poe was a genius. Though one would expect a person of such superior talent in writing to be very temperamental and difficult to get along with, Poe was nothing like that at all. He was quite the gentleman in his behavior. He was much admired for his quiet demeanor, patience and industry. 

Unfortunately, his close friends knew that all this would change when he had had just one glass of wine. It would seem that a demon had then taken possession of him. He would become the very opposite of his calm and collected self and become quite insane in his behavior.

When he was twenty six years old he married his cousin, Virginia Clem who was just half his age. The wedding took place on September 29, 1835 in Baltimore. At the time of his marriage to his child bride, he lived in Richmond contributing regularly to the “Southern Literary Messenger”.  Virginia and her mother joined him in Richmond an year after the marriage. 

Poe was touchingly devoted to his young wife who was yet a child. Virginia’s youth and beauty were the inspirations for some of his most famous poems. Tragically, Virginia was stricken with tuberculosis, a common and fatal illness in those times. Though Poe was not earning anything much at this time, he and Virginia’s mother went to great lengths, and spared no expense or effort to keep her comfortable and cheerful. But all their ministrations did not help to get her back to good health. Virginia passed away on the 30th of January, 1847. She was just 25 years old. A friend who was with Poe and his mother in law at this time recalls vividly the pathos of the scene. He said that Poe and his mother-in-law refused to accept that Virginia was dead. They kept trying to warm her cold body by rubbing her hands and feet. They even had the pet kitten snuggle on Virginia’s bosom to keep her warm. 

Poe’s stories were all marvelously written. When he submitted a set of six stories for the award of a Prize, the judges were unable to choose just one of them. Mr. Latrobe, one of the judges said that the panel had to finally settle for, “A MSS in a Bottle” for the award. If they were permitted to do so, they would have awarded every one of the six stories a Prize!
