"A MSS. Found in a Bottle"
was the winning tale. Poe had submitted six stories in a volume. "Our only difficulty," says
Mr. Latrobe, one of the judges, "was in selecting from the rich contents of the volume."

During the fifteen years of his literary life Poe was connected with various newspapers and
magazines in Richmond, Philadelphia and New York. He was faithful, punctual, industrious, thorough.
N. P. Willis, who for some time employed Poe as critic and sub-editor on the "Evening Mirror,"
wrote thus:

"With the highest admiration for Poe's genius, and a willingness to let it alone for more than
ordinary irregularity, we were led by common report to expect a very capricious attention to
his duties, and occasionally a scene of violence and difficulty. Time went on, however, and
he was invariably punctual and industrious. We saw but one presentiment of the man-a quiet,
patient, industrious and most gentlemanly person.

"We heard, from one who knew him well (what should be stated in all mention of his lamentable
irregularities), that with a single glass of wine his whole nature was reversed, the demon
became uppermost, and, though none of the usual signs of intoxication were visible, his will
was palpably insane. In this reversed character, we repeat, it was never our chance to meet him."

On September 22, 1835, Poe married his cousin, Virginia Clemm, in Baltimore. She had barely
turned thirteen years, Poe himself was but twenty-six. He then was a resident of Richmond and
a regular contributor to the "Southern Literary Messenger." It was not until a year later that
the bride and her widowed mother followed him thither.

Poe's devotion to his child-wife was one of the most beautiful features of his life. Many of
his famous poetic productions were inspired by her beauty and charm. Consumption had marked
her for its victim, and the constant efforts of husband and mother were to secure for her all
the comfort and happiness their slender means permitted. Virginia died January 30, 1847, when
but twenty-five years of age. A friend of the family pictures the death-bed scene--mother and
husband trying to impart warmth to her by chafing her hands and her feet, while her pet cat
was suffered to nestle upon her bosom for the sake of added warmth.
