It is clear from this description that the loom is a perfect apparatus for delicate threads that the woof does not undergo any strain. It is drawn very gently from shuttle. Moreover unlike the normal looms ,there won't be any friction on the chain . In other looms there is a chance that very delicate threads may be injured by the shuttle passing over .These type of looms are commonly found in Switzerland. 
VENEERING
The process of veneering is simply awesome and we felt it rather interesting also. It is the process of overlaying thin logs or other materials for finishing or decoration. The first step is to deliver logs of suitable lengths to the mill yard. It is then cut in to appropriate length as per the order.after the logs are placed in a large steam box,15 feet wide, 22 feet long, and six feet high .These are built separate from the main building which contains  two compartments. When one compartment is entirely full , the doors are closed for steaming purpose. The advantage of steaming is that it will not only removes the bark,but moistens and softens the entire log. The next step is to pass the logs   to the veneer lathe. Ater raising and grasping at each end by the lathe centers,the logs are firmly held in position.after they are slowly revolved so as to make them smoothly surfaced. As these logs revolve the zig-zag surfaces come in contact with the keen-edged knife.The cutting pieces are collected as waste veneer in the engine room and later used as fuel.
After making the  surfaces  smooth the perfect veneer is collected as continuous sheets.Later they are passed on to the cutting table. This process is continued until the log is  reduced to about a seven inch core . The logs used for veneering may be of the age thousands of years. The diversity of the patterns that found in the logs will amaze you as they are grown to perfection through centuries in our deep ,silent forests. At last the veneer is passed to the cutting table . There they are cut to  appropriate lengths and widths .After the are moved to the second story .The furnished veneer are normally kept inside large dry air tight rooms.
