
As will be seen from this description, the woof does not undergo the least strain, and may
be drawn very gently from the shuttle. Neither does this latter exert any friction on the chain,
since it does not move on it as in ordinary looms. In this apparatus, therefore, there may
be employed for the chain very delicate threads, which, in other looms, would be injured by
the shuttle passing over them. Looms constructed on this plan have for some time been in very
successful use in Switzerland.

       *       *       *       *       *

HOW VENEERING IS MADE.

The process of manufacture is very interesting. The logs are delivered in the mill yard in
any suitable lengths as for ordinary lumber. A steam drag saw cuts them into such lengths as
may be required by the order in hand; those being cut at the time of our visit were four feet
long. After cutting, the logs are placed in a large steam box, 15 feet wide, 22 feet long,
and six feet high, built separate from the main building. This box is divided into two compartments.
When one is filled entirely full, the doors are closed, and the steam, supplied by the engine
in the main building, is turned on. The logs remain in this box from three to four hours, when
they are ready for use. This steaming not only removes the bark, but moistens and softens the
entire log. From the steam box the log goes to the veneer lathe. It is here raised, grasped
at each end by the lathe centers, and firmly held in position, beginning to slowly revolve.
Every turn brings it in contact with the knife, which is gauged to a required thickness. As
the log revolves the inequalities of its surface of course first come in contact with the keen-edged
knife, and disappear in the shape of waste veneer, which is passed to the engine room to be
used as fuel. Soon, however, the unevenness of the log disappears, and the now perfect veneer
comes from beneath the knife in a continuous sheet, and is received and passed on to the cutting
table. This continues until the log is reduced to about a seven inch core, which is useless
for the purpose. The veneer as it comes rolling off the log presents all the diversity of colors
and the beautiful grain and rich marking that have perhaps for centuries been growing to perfection
in the silent depths of our great forests.

From the lathe, the veneer is passed to the cutting table, where it is cut to lengths and widths
as desired. It is then conveyed to the second story, where it is placed in large dry rooms,
air tight, except as the air reaches them through the proper channels.
