Filled with masterpieces of the jeweler and the goldsmith, rich tapestries decorated the choir with its treasury. Until the beginning of the thirteenth century, when it was unfortunately destroyed by fire, the church continued to be the wonder of Gallic Christianity. The Christian style of architecture came to birth almost simulataneously in various countries of Europe, and it is noticeable in the history of French cathedrals just how many of them had been rebuilt in the pointed style.

The pointed arch was purported to have been introduced in Germany, France and England by the Crusaders who had seen the style used in the East. It was considered best suited for buildings enshrining the sublime mysteries of the Christian devotion and faith. It was thus that the new cathedral of Rheims was built - in the pointed style. The architect behind the design plan remains anonymous to this day but it is evident that this man, whoever he was, must have been a man of great depth and genius. The foundation stone was laid in 1212 by Archbishop Alberic Humbert, and the whole province contributed feverishly to the work. By 1242, the building nearly completed and sufficiently ready for the celebration of divine choral service.

In order to fully describe and illustrate it completely, the Church of Notre Dame of Rheims would necessitate volumes of text. The front exterior is perhaps the most elaborate that can be found in France. Three gigantic portals give an impression of grace, brightness, richness and a sense of indefinable majesty that is due in part to the utter vastness of the dimensions and partly to the whole structure's harmonious proportions. Statues of colossal size with arched vaulting are covered with saintly and angelic figures. Might rose-windows are flanked with pointed openings and crowned with laborious tabernacle carvings. The great gallery of kings cross the entire front below the peak of the gable. Most notably, the two towers are pierced by majestic windows and supported at each side by three open-faced niches. 

The same part of the edifice at Amiens resembles the divisions of the front facade of the Church of Notre Dame of Rheims though it is far less florid and perhaps more strict and severe in its main divisions. Nevertheless, details are kept in the strictest subservience to the structural lines of the building at Amiens.
