Rich tapestries
hung round the choir, and its treasury was filled with masterpieces of the goldsmith and the
jeweler. This church continued to be the wonder of Gallic Christianity until the beginning
of the thirteenth century, when it was destroyed by fire. It is remarkable to notice in the
history of French cathedrals how many of them were rebuilt just at the time when the pointed
style, which may be called preeminently the Christian style of architecture, had come to birth
almost simultaneously in various countries of Europe.

We are obliged to come to the conclusion that the pointed arch was introduced in Germany, France
and England by the Crusaders, who had seen it used in the East, and had considered it best
fitted for buildings that enshrined the sublime mysteries of the Christian faith. It was in
the pointed style, therefore, that the new cathedral of Rheims was built. The name of its architect
is not known, but his plan shows that he must have been a man of profound genius. Archbishop
Alberic Humbert laid the foundation stone in 1212. The whole province contributed liberally
to the work, and in 1242 the building was sufficiently advanced for the celebration of divine
service in the choir.

The Church of Notre Dame of Rheims would require a volume to describe it completely. The front
is perhaps the most elaborate to be found in France. The three vast portals, peopled with statues
of colossal size, their arched vaulting covered with saintly and angelic figures, the mighty
rose- windows, flanked with pointed openings, crowned with carved tabernacle work, and the
great gallery of kings crossing the whole front, just below the peak of the gable, and above
all, the two towers pierced by majestic windows and supported at each corner by niches with
three open faces, give an impression of richness and brightness and grace, mingled with that
indefinable majesty, which is due partly to the vast dimensions, partly to the harmonious proportions
of the whole structure.

The divisions of the front facade resemble somewhat the same part of the edifice at Amiens,
excepting that it is far more florid, and less strict and severe in its main divisions. At
Amiens the details are kept in strictest subservience to the structural lines of the edifice.
