"As your Excellency will scrutinize, these dealings, while niggardly the adversary of imperative resources, revere the rights of neutrals and will not in any way endanger clandestine possessions, as even the rival proprietor will only go through the deferral of the pleasure of his rights all through the term of aggression. 

"The administration of the state, being eager of allowing neutrals every facility to implement their claims, (here occurred an undecipherable group of words,) give the prize court, a self-governing committee, cognizance of these queries, and consecutively to give the neutrals as little difficulty as possible. It has specified that the prize court shall give verdict within eight days, counting from the day on which the case should be brought before it. 
" Without any suspicion, Mr. Ambassador, that the Federal Government, comparing on one hand the appalling aggression with which the German Military Government threatens neutrals, the immoral proceedings mysterious in naval chronicles already perpetrated and aligned with neutral property and ships, and even alongside the lives of neutral subjects or citizens. On the other hand the procedures adopted by the allied Governments of France and Great Britain, with respect to the laws of humanity and the rights of individuals, will eagerly distinguish that the latter have not overstepped their austere civil liberties as belligerents. 
"Finally, I am fretful to reassure you that it is not and it has never been the objective of the Government of the democracy to broaden the action of its cruisers against enemy commodities beyond the European seas, the Mediterranean included." 

SHARP. 
British Order in Council 
Declaring a Blockade of German Ports 
LONDON, March 15.--The British Order in Council decreeing disciplinary actions on the part of the Government to meet the avowal of the Germans that the waters neighboring the United Kingdom are a military area, was made communal today. Unless this vessel receives a pass enabling her to advance to some unbiased or related port to be named in the pass, the goods on board any such vessel must be discharged in a British port and sited in supervision of the Marshal of the prize court. Goods so discharged, if not smuggled goods of war, shall, if not requisitioned for the use of his Majesty, be restored by order of the court and upon such terms as the court may in the state of affairs consider being just to the person permitted thereto. 

Second--No merchant vessel which sailed from any German port after March 1, 1915, shall be acceptable to carry on on her expedition with any merchandise on board loaded at such port.
