That all my Readers may equally share in this little Poem, I have attempted
to put it into an English Dress.

  Invoke who Will the prosp’rous Gale behind,
  Jove at the Prow, while to the guiding Wind
  O’er the blue Billows he the Sail expands,
  Where Neptune with each Wave heaps Hills of Sands:
  Then let him, when the Surge he backward plows,
  Pour to his Statue-God unaiding Vows:
  But to the God of Gods, for Deaths o’erpast,
  For Safety lent him on the watry Waste,
  To native Shores return’d, thus Philo pays
  His Monument of Thanks, of grateful Praise.

I shall have no Occasion, I believe, to ask the Pardon of some Readers for these Nine last
Pages; and Others may be so kind to pass them over at their Pleasure. (Those Discoveries, which
give Light and Satisfaction to the truly Learned, I must confess, are Darkness and Mystery
to the less capable: Φέγγος μὲν ξυνετοῖς, ἀξυνετοῖς δ᾽ Ἐρεβος.) Nor will they be absolutely
foreign, I hope, to a Preface in some Measure critical; especially, as it could not be amiss
to shew, that I have read other Books with the same Accuracy, with which I profess to have
read Shakespeare. Besides, I design’d this Inference from the Defence of Literal Criticism.

    [Sidenote: The Delay of this Edition excused.]

Having now run thro’ all those Points, which I intended should make any Part of this Dissertation,
it only remains, that I should account to the Publick, but more particularly to my Subscribers,
why they have waited so long for this Work; that I should make my Acknowledgments to those
Friends, who have been generous Assistants to me in the conducting it: and, lastly, that I
should acquaint my Readers what Pains I have myself taken to make the Work as complete, as
faithful Industry, and my best Abilities, could render it.

In the middle of the Year 1728, I first put out my Proposals for
publishing only Emendations and Remarks on our Poet: and I had
not gone on many Months in this Scheme, before I found it to be the
unanimous Wish of those who did me the Honour of their Subscriptions,
that I would give them the Poet’s Text corrected; and that I would
subjoin those Explanatory Remarks, which I had purpos’d to publish
upon the Foot of my first Proposals. Earnest Sollicitations were
made to me, that I would think of such an Edition; which I had as
strong Desires to listen to: and some noble Persons then, whom I
have no Privilege to name, were pleased to interest themselves so
far in the Affair, as to propose to Mr. Tonson his undertaking an
Impression of Shakespeare with my Corrections.
