That all my readers can equally participate in this little poem, I tried to put in an English dress.

Invoke will prosp'rous Gale behind Jupiter at the bow, while the blue waves of the wind direction than he Sail expand Where Neptune with each wave of piles Hills Sands: Then let him, when he back surge plows, pour the Statue-God promises unaiding: But the God of gods, for o'erpast deaths for safety borrowed watry waste to native Shores return'd as Philo Monument pays gratitude, grateful praise.

I shall have no occasion, I think some readers to ask forgiveness for the past nine pages, and others can be so kind to pass them over to their pleasure. (These findings, which give light and satisfaction really learned, I must confess, Darkness and Mystery are less able: Φέγγος μὲν ξυνετοῖς, ἀξυνετοῖς δ Ἐρεβος) NOR. Will be completely foreign, I hope, to some extent Preface critical especially because he could not be bad to show that I have read other books with the same precision with which we profess to have read Shakespeare. Moreover, this inference we design'd Defense Critical literally.

[Sidenote: Late this edition excused.]

Having now run Throat "all these points, which I intended should make any part of this thesis, it remains only that I should account for the Publick, but especially for my subscribers, why they waited so much so, that I should make my Acknowledgments to those friends who were assistants in carrying out this generous to me: and, finally, that I should know my readers what I have taken pains to do work as complete as faithful industry, and my best skills, could become obsolete.

In mid 1728, I wrote my first published proposals only Emendations Comments and our poet, and I went into the system several months before I found it to be the unanimous wish of those who honor me Subscriptions theirs, that would give them corrected text poet, and I subjoin these explanatory remarks, we had purpos'd to publish, at the foot of my proposals first. Seriously Sollicitations have done for me, because I think such an edition, which I had strong desires to hear: and some noble person, then you do not have the privilege to name, were pleased to to measure interest in business, to propose to his business Mr Tonson impression of Shakespeare, with my corrections.
