I tried to persuade myself that I
was merely suffering from a violent attack of dyspepsia, the natural result of Concordia diet.
When the waiter brought my breakfast I regarded it with resentful eye, feeling for the moment
very much like my grumbling acquaintance of the dinner hour. It may be as well to explain that
the breakfast consisted of very bad coffee, with goat's milk, hard, coarse bread, and goat's
butter, which tasted exactly like indifferent lard. The so-called butter, by a strange custom
of Cotrone, was served in the emptied rind of a spherical cheese--the small caccio cavallo,
horse cheese, which one sees everywhere in the South. I should not have liked to inquire where,
how, when, or by whom the substance of the cheese had been consumed. Possibly this receptacle
is supposed to communicate a subtle flavour to the butter; I only know that, even to a healthy
palate, the stuff was rather horrible. Cow's milk could be obtained in very small quantities,
but it was of evil flavour; butter, in the septentrional sense of the word, did not exist.

It surprises me to remember that I went out, walked down to the shore, and watched the great
waves breaking over the harbour mole. There was a lull in the storm, but as yet no sign of
improving weather; clouds drove swiftly across a lowering sky. My eyes turned to the Lacinian
promontory, dark upon the turbid sea. Should I ever stand by the sacred column? It seemed to
me hopelessly remote; the voyage an impossible effort.

I talked with a man, of whom I remember nothing but his piercing eyes steadily fixed upon me;
he said there had been a wreck in the night, a ship carrying live pigs had gone to pieces,
and the shore was sprinkled with porcine corpses.

Presently I found myself back at the Concordia, not knowing exactly how I had returned. The
dyspepsia--I clung to this hypothesis--was growing so violent that I had difficulty in breathing:
before long I found it impossible to stand.

My hostess was summoned, and she told me that Cotrone had "a great physician," by name "Dr.
Scurco." Translating this name from dialect into Italian, I presumed that the physician's real
name was Sculco, and this proved to be the case. Dr. Riccardo Sculco was a youngish man, with
an open, friendly countenance.
