But she discovered
it by accident, and without declaring any such intention, she gave up her pen and her books,
and applied herself exclusively to household business, for several months, till her body as
well as her spirits failed. She became emaciated, her countenance bore marks of deep dejection,
and often, while actively employed in domestic duties, she could neither restrain nor conceal
her tears. The mother seems to have been slower in perceiving this than she would have been
had it not been for her own state of confinement; she noticed it at length, and said, "Lucretia,
it is a long time since you have written any thing." The girl then burst into tears, and replied,
"O mother, I have given that up long ago." "But why?" said her mother. After much emotion,
she answered, "I am convinced from what my friends have said, and from what I see, that I have
done wrong in pursuing the course I have. I well know the circumstances of the family are such,
that it requires the united efforts of every member to sustain it; and since my eldest sister
is now gone, it becomes my duty to do every thing in my power to lighten the cares of my parents."
On this occasion, Mrs. Davidson acted with equal discretion and tenderness; she advised her
to take a middle course, neither to forsake her favourite pursuits, nor devote herself to them,
but use them in that wholesome alternation with the every day business of the world, which
is alike salutary for the body and the mind. She therefore occasionally resumed her pen, and
seemed comparatively happy.

How the encouragement which she received operated may be seen in some lines, not otherwise
worthy of preservation than for the purpose of showing how the promises of reward affect a
mind like hers. They were written in her thirteenth year.

  Whene'er the muse pleases to grace my dull page,
  At the sight of reward, she flies off in a rage;
  Prayers, threats, and intreaties I frequently try,
  But she leaves me to scribble, to fret, and to sigh

  She torments me each moment, and bids me go write,
  And when I obey her she laughs at the sight;
  The rhyme will not jingle, the verse has no sense,
  And against all her insults I have no defence.

  I advise all my friends who wish me to write,
  To keep their rewards and their gifts from my sight,
  So that jealous Miss Muse won't be wounded in pride,
  Nor Pegasus rear till I've taken my ride.

Let not the hasty reader conclude from these rhymes that Lucretia was only what any child of
early cleverness might be made by forcing and injudicious admiration.
