The good  percentage  of their  boost   displayed  that they were well treated, as on  land parcels  where they are overworked they  boost  scarcely or not at all. We  discovered  some of the men enjoying a nap between a board and a blanket. Most of the women  appeared   engaged  about their  house  operations. The time from twelve to two is  granted  to the negroes,  in addition to  an hour or two after work in the  night,  before they are locked up for the night. This time they  advance  mostly in  cultivating  and watering their little  flower beds,  which are their only source of revenue. The negroes on this  land parcel  had formed a  humanity   amidst  themselves for the accumulation of money; and our  ally,  the  supervisor  of the plantation,  notified  us that they had on his  publications  two  1000  dollars to their credit. One man  solely  had amassed six  century  dollars, a very  substantial   addition,  under the circumstances. We  travelled to   furthermore  the  dwelling  of the mayoral, or overseer, whose good face  appeared  in  holding  with the general humane arrangements of the place,--as humane,  not less than,  as the  scheme  permits. The negroes all over the  isle  have Sunday for themselves; and on Sunday  after noon  they  contain  their  well  renowned    globes,  which  occasionally  last until four o'clock on Monday morning. Much of the  sickness   amidst  the negroes is  be obliged  to their imprudence on these and like occasions. Pneumonia is the  common   infection  with them, as with the slaves in our own South; it is often acute and fatal. Everything in Cuba has such a  inclination  to  proceed  on horseback, that we could not forbear  inquiring  if dead men did, and were  notified  that it was so,--the dead negroes being  for the time being  inclosed in a  carton,  and  expressed  to the cemetery on the back of a horse. Our  ally,   glimpsing  our  surprise,   joked,  and  notified  us that the poor whites were very  pleased  to  scrounge  the burial-horse and  carton,  to furnish their own funerals.

Dinner was assisted at four o'clock, rather unofficially, in the one sitting-room of the house. A very dark young female scrubbed off the soars with a paper fly-brush, and another remained on table. The evening serving of food was excellent; but I have currently granted so numerous accounts of fare in these notes, that I will content myself with citing the novelty of a Cuban country-dish, a sort of stew, created of ham, beef, mutton, potatoes, sugary potatoes, yuca, and yams.
