Weever, who mentions this custom, says he was informed that "this participation was imposed by servile tenants after certain mannors first divers here, for conspiracy in this place in a time file a complaint as premature.]

Lema in old Damascus Can your contacts .-- A statement sent this slogan? It is taken from a damask napkin, which was bought many years ago in Brussels, not in a tent in the ordinary way, but in private, the family to which they belonged. I suppose the larger print if you put together, indicate the date of the event, which is mentioned in their own motto.

The theme is woven damask pattern and consists of the following words in capital letter, letters of different sizes, and enclosing:

"Lorica datur Signum Pacis."

IUMCIDULIC larger letters. If U is taken as two V and X thus written, gives you time to MDCCLXIII. Perhaps this can be explained.

H.

[The previous schedule, which means "sign of peace has been given to warrior, said that peace was proclaimed between England and France this year is seen 1763rd annual event in the registry, and our most popular stories. Keightley says: "approximations of France for peace was heard easily and both sides are seriously easy solution was being developed in Fontainebleau (03 November). Despite the declamation of Mr. Pitt and his party, which were approved by large majorities in both Houses of Parliament, and finally a treaty was signed in Paris, February 18 1763rd "The napkins were probably a gift on the occasion of a public official . In practice to note the date of an important event schedules, see "N. & Q., vol V, p. 585th]

(December)

Explanation of the word "greed." - Can any of your readers to explain how and when the miser was the importance of grabbing a greedy man? In Spenser's Faerie Queen, II. l. 8 Is it used in almost primordial sense of "miserable"

"Worthy to be her horse for the love of humble miser."

Once again the queen of the fairies, II. Third Eighth

"The Miser was launched as spoil, Live in the foot in base humility."
