
It is not the enormity, but the certainty, of punishment that deters mankind from evil. Hope
will always gain the ascendancy.

Precept and example are great opposites. The one is generally too extravagantly lavished: the
other abridges more personal comfort than most people like to sacrifice.

Few individuals are patriotic enough to participate in the correction of a public abuse, until
the corruption produces personal inconvenience.

Flattery will ever, more or less, accompany the first overtures to friendship. It may not be
deemed impolitic if it be found to recede as the intimacy matures.

W.H.

       *       *       *       *       *

RETROSPECTIVE GLEANINGS.

       *       *       *       *       *

ROBIN HOOD.

  Lithe and lysten, gentylmen,
  That be of frebore blode,
  I shall you tell of a good yeman,
  His name was Robyn Hode.

Old Ballad.

Centuries have passed away, yet are the merry men of the cross-bow not forgotten. The oft-told
tale of blended theft and charity has run the round of ages, delighting the homely circle;
historians and poets have found in them a theme suited to their energies, and sung the song
of their exploits to everlasting remembrance. It may be said that few subjects of yore can
boast so bewitching an interest as the present: for even now, after the lapse of six or seven
hundred years, the names of Robin Hood and Little John are

  Familiar in our mouths as household words.

Robin Hood, from the best accounts, was born at Locksley, in the county of Nottingham, in the
reign of King Henry II., and about the year of Christ 1160. His extraction was noble, and his
true name was Robert Fitzoothes, which vulgar pronunciation corrupted into Robin Hood. He was
frequently styled, and commonly reputed to have been Earl of Huntington, descending from Ralph
Fitzoothes, a Norman, who came over to England with William Rufus; marrying Maud, daughter
of Gilbert de Gaunt, Earl of Kyme and Lindsey, to which title in the latter part of his life,
he appears to have had some pretension. In his youth, he is reported to have been of a wild
and extravagant disposition, insomuch that his inheritance being consumed or forfeited by his
excesses, and his person outlawed for debt, either from necessity or choice, he sought an asylum
in the woods and forests. Or, as some writers state, one of his first exploits was the going
into a forest, when, bearing with him a bow of exceeding strength, he fell into company with
certain rangers or woodmen, who quarrelled with him for making show to use such a bow as no
man was able to shoot with.
