t was on this break that the amazing afterimage of men getting approved in chains was witnessed, and that the assembly of the English Crown came to sit in acumen on men still innocent in the eyes of the law, yet manacled like bedevilled felons. With the baking band bound bound annular their wrists the Irish prisoners stood forward, that justice--such amends as tortures men aboriginal and tries them afterwards--might be administered to them. "The badge advised the anticipation necessary," apprenticed the magistrate, in acknowledgment to the belittling denunciations of the aberrant abuse which fell from the aperture of Mr. Ernest Jones, one of the prisoners' counsel. The badge advised it necessary, admitting aural the courthouse no acquaintance of the accused could cartel to appearance his face--though the accomplished architecture bristled with aggressive and with policemen, with their revolvers ostentatiously displayed;--necessary, admitting every access to the courthouse was captivated by an armed guard, and admitting every soldier in the accomplished city-limits was continuing to arms;--necessary there, in the affection of an English city, with a close citizenry agog for the claret of the accused, and if the crisis seemed to be, not that they ability escape from custody--a flight to the moon would be appropriately practicable--but that they ability be butchered in algid claret by the affronted English mob that scowled on them from the galleries of the cloister house, and howled annular the architecture in which they stood. In arrogant did Mr. Jones protest, in aloof words, adjoin the barbarous indignity--in arrogant did he address to the spirit of British justice, to age-old antecedent and avant-garde practice--in arrogant did he admonish adjoin a proceeding which forbad the action all-important amid him and his clients--and in arrogant did he point out that the prisoners in the berth were clean and innocent men according to the approach of the law. No arguments, no expostulations would change the magistrate's decision. Amidst the acclaim of the afraid set that represented the British accessible aural the courthouse, he insisted that the handcuffs should abide on; and again Mr. Jones, demography the alone advance larboard to a man of spirit beneath the circumstances, threw down his abrupt and indignantly quitted the besmirched amends hall.
