It was on this occasion that the extraordinary sight of men being tried in chains was witnessed,
and that the representatives of the English Crown came to sit in judgment on men still innocent
in the eyes of the law, yet manacled like convicted felons. With the blistering irons clasped
tight round their wrists the Irish prisoners stood forward, that justice--such justice as tortures
men first and tries them afterwards--might be administered to them. "The police considered
the precaution necessary," urged the magistrate, in reply to the scathing denunciations of
the unprecedented outrage which fell from the lips of Mr. Ernest Jones, one of the prisoners'
counsel. The police considered it necessary, though within the courthouse no friend of the
accused could dare to show his face--though the whole building bristled with military and with
policemen, with their revolvers ostentatiously displayed;--necessary, though every approach
to the courthouse was held by an armed guard, and though every soldier in the whole city was
standing to arms;--necessary there, in the heart of an English city, with a dense population
thirsting for the blood of the accused, and when the danger seemed to be, not that they might
escape from custody--a flight to the moon would be equally practicable--but that they might
be butchered in cold blood by the angry English mob that scowled on them from the galleries
of the court house, and howled round the building in which they stood. In vain did Mr. Jones
protest, in scornful words, against the brutal indignity--in vain did he appeal to the spirit
of British justice, to ancient precedent and modern practice--in vain did he inveigh against
a proceeding which forbad the intercourse necessary between him and his clients--and in vain
did he point out that the prisoners in the dock were guiltless and innocent men according to
the theory of the law. No arguments, no expostulations would change the magistrate's decision.
Amidst the applause of the cowardly set that represented the British public within the courthouse,
he insisted that the handcuffs should remain on; and then Mr. Jones, taking the only course
left to a man of spirit under the circumstances, threw down his brief and indignantly quitted
the desecrated justice hall.
