But we feel that in heaven the
olden love shall be renewed; that the forms that now are mouldering in the dust shall be recognized
and greeted there, and that the friendships created here shall ripen there in close companionship
through never-ending cycles; and thus is death robbed of half its terrors.

But the way to this fount is through a straight and narrow gate, and 'few there be who find it.'

Alas! how unsatisfactory are even the choicest blessings of life! Wealth brings only care,
and the millionnaire toils all his life for--his food and clothes and lodging; dies unregretted,
and is soon forgotten. Honor brings not content, and does but increase the thirst it seeks
to assuage. The poor and the unknown are generally happier than the wealthy and famous. 'Vanity
of vanities, saith the preacher, all is vanity and vexation of spirit;' and what was true of
human nature when 'the preacher' wrote, is true to-day. Admit that life is but a succession
of pleasures that can never pall, and the world one vast Elysian field, and that the care of
the soul requires the abnegation of every delight, and spreads a gloomy pall over all the brightness
of earth; yet even in that case, a life wholly devoted to spiritual interests were but a weary,
temporary pilgrimage, which we should gladly endure for a season, in the hope of the golden
crown and never-ending bliss in the world beyond, could we but look upon the future life in
the light of reality. Ah! there is the difficulty, for we are 'of the earth earthy,' and, although
we may fervently believe, cannot comprehend, cannot realize eternity. To too many Christians
of the present day eternity, heaven, God, are not a tangible reality, but rather a poetic dream,
floating in the atmosphere of faith, but which their minds cannot grasp. Hence they worship
an idea rather than a reality.

The noblest pleasures of life, in fact the only real, permanent, exalting, and, I might add,
developing pleasures, are divided into two classes, those of the heart, and those of the intellect.
Yet both, though different in their action, spring from the same central truth.

The happiest man is he whose life is spent in doing good, seeking no other reward than the
gratification of beholding the true happiness of his fellow beings.
