To say that God cannot make
matter think is to say the most insolently absurd thing that anyone has ever dared utter in
the privileged schools of lunacy. We are not certain that God has treated matter like this;
we are only certain that He can. But what matters all that has been said and all that will
be said about the soul? what does it matter that it has been called entelechy, quintessence,
flame, ether? that it has been thought universal, uncreated, transmigrant, etc.?

In these matters that are inaccessible to the reason, what do these romances of our uncertain
imaginations matter? What does it matter that the Fathers of the first four centuries thought
the soul corporeal? What does it matter that Tertullian, by a contradiction frequent in him,
has decided that it is simultaneously corporeal, formed and simple? We have a thousand witnesses
to ignorance, and not one that gives a glimmer of probability.

How then are we so bold as to assert what the soul is? We know certainly that we exist, that
we feel, that we think. Do we want to take a step beyond? we fall into a shadowy abyss; and
in this abyss we are still so madly reckless as to dispute whether this soul, of which we have
not the least idea, was made before us or with us, and whether it perishes or is immortal.

The article SOUL, and all the articles of the nature of metaphysics, must start by a sincere
submission to the incontrovertible dogmas of the Church. Revelation is worth more, without
doubt, than the whole of philosophy. Systems exercise the mind, but faith illumines and guides it.

Do we not often pronounce words of which we have only a very confused idea, or even of which
we have none at all? Is not the word soul an instance? When the clapper or valve of a bellows
is out of order, and when air which is in the bellows leaves it by some unexpected opening
in this valve, so that it is no longer compressed against the two blades, and is not thrust
violently towards the hearth which it has to light, French servants say--"The soul of the bellows
has burst." They know no more about it than that; and this question in no wise disturbs their
peace of mind.

The gardener utters the phrase "the soul of the plants," and cultivates them very well without
knowing what he means by this term.
