M. Annaeus Seneca, the philosopher's father, came to Rome from his hometown Corduba in Spain during the reign of Augustus, and became a famous orator. M. Fabius Quintilian, a major name in literature was born in 42, Calgurris in Spain, but as was the custom with men of the gain in this period went to Rome, and was celebrated as a master of rhetoric. He was a man of excellent character, and also practiced at the bar, went to the consulate. It has existed for many years in politics, or the law, Quintilian, finally returned to his former profession, and at the end of his life, gave himself entirely to letters. Now he wrote his book on rhetoric, oratory Libri Institutionis Duodecim. In this valuable work which seeks to restore the purity of language, inculcates simplicity and displays excellent taste. Pliny the Younger was also a famous orator or reciter.

The romance, or the modern novel, is also thought to have begun in the first century of the satirical story attributed to Petronius Arbiter, or perhaps the translation of the tales of Aristides of Miletus Greek Sisenna. The arbitri Petronii Satiricon is a romance in prose and poetry, and was probably written in the first century for a designer who knows nothing. These are the adventures of a certain Encolopius and satirizes the vices and follies of the age. The writing of this paper is clean, lively wit, but indecent: only a part, however, have been preserved Satiricon. At the age of Antoni The Apuleius occurred, the most famous of the ancient writers of stories. Born in Madaura in Africa, but went to Carthage, and thence to Athens, where he was initiated into the Greek mysteries, and studied the Platonic philosophy. Apuleius was a pleasant speaker, and had filled his mind with the learning of his age, but his fame is based on posterity with his novel Metamorphoses, which strives to correct the vices of his contemporaries. In this work, a vicious young man becomes a donkey, which is going through many fun experiences, but later switched to a new man through the influence of Mysteries. The story is full of events, the moral good, but the language is shown declining taste in literature.
