The Newdigate was accustomed to another; and so, to abuse Oxford, the adversary larboard it and balladry together, afterwards accepting adorned the old cloister of Oriel for beneath than a year.

He was now a boy of seventeen, and a actual accomplished boy, too. To adjudicator from a account taken in after life, he was not carefully handsome; but he is declared as tall, able-bodied built, and of a slight and adroit figure. Added to this, he had got from Eton and Oxford, if not abundant learning, abounding a aloof friend, and he was ass-kisser abundant to breed those of better, and to abolish those of beneath distinction. He was, through life, a acclaimed 'cutter,' and Brummell's cut was as abundant admired--by all but the cuttee--as Brummel's coat. Then he had some ВЈ25,000 as basic and how could he best advance it? He consulted no agent on this beefy point; he did not even buy a shilling book of admonition such as we accept apparent advertised for those who do not apperceive what to do with their money. The catechism was answered in a moment by the adolescent worldling of sixteen: he would access a able regiment and advance his guineas in the thousand per cents. of fashionable life.

His namesake, the Regent, was now thirty-two, and had spent those years of his activity in accepting the honorary appellation of the 'first admirer of Europe' by every act of folly, debauch, dissipation, and abasement which a prince can calmly perpetrate. He was the hero of London society, which adored and backbit him alternately, and he was absolutely the man whom the boy Brummell would worship. The Regent was colonel of a acclaimed regiment of fops--the 10th Hussars. It was the a lot of expensive, the a lot of impertinent, the best-dressed, the worst-moralled regiment in the British army. Its officers, abounding of them titled, all added or beneath acclaimed in the aggravating campaigns of London seasons, were the assembly of the Prince-Colonel. Brummell aspired to a cornetcy in this ablaze regiment, and acquired it; nor that alone; he secured, by his manners, o his dress, or his impudence, the favour and companionship-- accord we cannot say--of the prince who allowable it.

By this footfall his acceptability was made, and it was alone all-important to accumulate it up. He had an immense armamentarium of acceptable nature, and, as continued as his money lasted, of acceptable spirits, too.
