The Newdigate was given to another;
and so, to punish Oxford, the competitor left it and poetry together, after having adorned
the old quadrangle of Oriel for less than a year.

He was now a boy of seventeen, and a very fine boy, too. To judge from a portrait taken in
later life, he was not strictly handsome; but he is described as tall, well built, and of a
slight and graceful figure. Added to this, he had got from Eton and Oxford, if not much learning,
many a well-born friend, and he was toady enough to cultivate those of better, and to dismiss
those of less distinction. He was, through life, a celebrated 'cutter,' and Brummell's cut
was as much admired--by all but the cuttee--as Brummel's coat. Then he had some £25,000 as
capital and how could he best invest it? He consulted no stockbroker on this weighty point;
he did not even buy a shilling book of advice such as we have seen advertised for those who
do not know what to do with their money. The question was answered in a moment by the young
worldling of sixteen: he would enter a crack regiment and invest his guineas in the thousand
per cents. of fashionable life.

His namesake, the Regent, was now thirty-two, and had spent those years of his life in acquiring
the honorary title of the 'first gentleman of Europe' by every act of folly, debauch, dissipation,
and degradation which a prince can conveniently perpetrate. He was the hero of London society,
which adored and backbit him alternately, and he was precisely the man whom the boy Brummell
would worship. The Regent was colonel of a famous regiment of fops--the 10th Hussars. It was
the most expensive, the most impertinent, the best-dressed, the worst-moralled regiment in
the British army. Its officers, many of them titled, all more or less distinguished in the
trying campaigns of London seasons, were the intimates of the Prince-Colonel. Brummell aspired
to a cornetcy in this brilliant regiment, and obtained it; nor that alone; he secured, by his
manners, o his dress, or his impudence, the favour and companionship-- friendship we cannot
say--of the prince who commanded it.

By this step his reputation was made, and it was only necessary to keep it up. He had an immense
fund of good nature, and, as long as his money lasted, of good spirits, too.
