Colonel John E. Tourtelotte then entitled to promotion to the Seventh Cavalry, a range where you can be sure of a command honorable.

The only remaining field assistant was Colonel John M. Bacon, who had ignored, even in their personal relationship to me. He was then a captain of the Ninth Cavalry, but with almost a certainty for promotion to be higher in the seventh inning before my official retirement date, which turned out to be. The last two accompanied me to St. Louis, and stayed with me until the end. They have previously completed the withdrawal of my family to San Luis, and after completing my last trip to the Pacific, I wrote the following letter:

U.S. ARMY HEADQUARTERS, WASHINGTON, DC, 8 october 1883

Hon R. T. Lincoln, Secretary of War.

SIR: By Act of Congress approved June 30, 1882, all army officers retired on reaching the age of 64. If I live, it will reach that age on February 8, 1884, but since that period of years, is not suitable for the necessary changes to my retirement, I thought in anticipating the event with several months to allow the President to meet with these changes in a more convenient season of the year and also for my successor in office before installing the next Congress.

I therefore request permission to share the command of Army Lieutenant-General Sheridan in the first days of November 1883, and order to my home in St. Louis, Missouri, there to await the date of my retirement legal and so long I must have much correspondence about the war and official matters, I also pray to take advantage of me for a time to present my two field assistants, JE Tourtelotte colonels and JM Bacon.

Other of my staff, ie. Garden and Colonels OM Poe JC Tidball, has already been assigned their own rights for military service branches, engineers, and artillery. Everyone should have the rank and pay as aides de camp until February 8.1884. Not later than one day in November to complete all official reports, and I think he can surrender the army to my successor in good shape and condition, and always in all ways and was distributed to the best interests of the country.
