Can any intelligent correspondents inform me why there is an oldest tree of all the Palace Gardens?

There in the back of the old London Bridge, on this side of a street called "Labour in Vain Hill," not from the altitude, but a stone, which are carved two figures wash a Moor.

GEO. ST. CLAIR.

Dean Street, Soho.

* * * * *

Do not know where your tireless correspondent discovered his curious Zanga "historical fact", detailed in item 471 of the mirror: it's fun, but unfortunately void of truth. The wife of the first Earl of Clarendon was Frances, daughter of Sir Thomas Aylesbury, Bart. (Now defunct) one of the Masters of the application, by whom he had four children subject - viz. Henry, his successor, Lawrence, Earl of Rochester, Edward, who died unmarried, and James, who drowned while going to Scotland in the frigate Gloucester: also two daughters - viz. Ann, wife of James, Duke of York, later James II., Y Frances, married Thomas Knightly, created an Order of the Bath.

HENRY CARR.

* * * * *

SELECT BIOGRAPHY.

* * * * *

MEMORY O'Shanter TAM.

(The Mirror).

Thomas Reid, as famous as Tam O'Shanter by Burns, Kyle was born in Ayrshire. His first entry into working life was as a farmhand William Burns, the father of the poet, whom Thomas described as a man of great ability, as much an argument for rigid morality, and strict discipline - so much so that when the work day had ended, the whole family sat down to the fiery "is" groin ", and only under the pretext of what could any of the prisoners to leave the house after nightfall. This was a circumstance that was not entirely pleasing to Thomas. I had heard other scenes of ecstasy ploughboys count rustic joy, which had fallen into his path, while the scenes on the evening visits to the beautiful daughters of neighboring farmers bred - of which he was practically ignorant. And more - he had met a young woman he had known in Maybole Fair, having promised to call her in the house of his father because of the regularity of their home economics teacher, had been totally impracticable.
