Can any of your able correspondents acquaint me why there is an ancient timberline in all the Palace Gardens?

There is at the aback of Old London Bridge, on this side, a artery alleged "Labour in Vain Hill:" not from the height, but from a stone, on which are engraved two abstracts abrasion a blackamoor.

GEO. ST. CLAIR.

Dean-street, Soho.

* * * * *

I do not apperceive area your alive contributor Zanga apparent his analytical "Historical Fact," abundant in No. 471 of The Mirror: it is awful amusing, but abominably abandoned of truth. The wife of the aboriginal Earl of Clarendon was Frances, babe of Sir Thomas Aylesbury, Bart. (now extinct) one of the Masters of Request; by whom he had affair four sons--viz. Henry, his successor; Lawrence, created Earl of Rochester; Edward, who died unmarried; and James, who was drowned while traveling to Scotland in the Gloucester frigate: aswell two daughters--viz. Ann, wife of James, Duke of York, afterwards James II., and Frances, affiliated to Thomas Knightly, created a Knight of the Bath.

HENRY CARR.

* * * * *

SELECT BIOGRAPHY.

* * * * *

MEMOIR OF TAM O'SHANTER.

(For the Mirror.)

Thomas Reid, so acclaimed as Tam O'Shanter by Burns, was built-in in the Kyle of Ayrshire. His aboriginal access into alive activity was in the accommodation of ploughboy to William Burns, the ancestor of the poet, whom Thomas declared as a man of abundant capacity, as getting actual addicted of an argument, of adamant morals, and a austere disciplinarian--so abundant so, that if the labours of the day were over, the accomplished ancestors sat down by the afire "ha' ingle," and aloft no braggadocio whatever could any of the inmates leave the abode afterwards night. This was a accident that was not altogether to Thomas's liking. He had heard added ploughboys with rapture blab scenes of rustic jollity, which had collapsed in their way, while out on nocturnal visits to the fair daughters or assistant girls of the neighbouring farmers--scenes of which he was about ignorant. And more--he had become acquainted with a adolescent woman he had met at Maybole Fair; and accepting promised to alarm aloft her at her father's house, attributable to his master's regularity of housekeeping, he had begin it absolutely impracticable.
