Oh that we may be able always to
do the same!" "Remember the priming-knife," he says to another, "and do not let your vine run
to wood." And after a visit to Mr. Thornton of Milnathort, in whose parish there had been an
awakening, he asks a brother, "Mr. Thornton is willing that others be blessed more than himself;
do you think that you have that grace? I find that I am never so successful as when I can lie
at Christ's feet, willing to be used or not as seemeth good in his sight. Do you remember David?
'If the Lord say, I have no delight in thee; behold, here am I; let Him do to me as seemeth
good unto Him.'"

In his familiar letters, as in his life, there was the manifestation of a bright, cheerful
soul, without the least tendency to levity. When his medical attendant had, on one occasion,
declined any remuneration, Mr. M'Cheyne peremptorily opposed his purpose; and to overcome his
reluctance, returned the inclosure in a letter, in which he used his poetical gifts with most
pleasant humor.

To many it was a subject of wonder that he found time to write letters that always breathed
the name of Jesus, amid his innumerable engagements. But the truth was, his letters cost him
no expenditure of time; they were ever the fresh thoughts and feelings of his soul at the moment
he took up the pen; his habitual frame of soul is what appears in them all; the calm, holy,
tenderly affectionate style of his letters reminds us of Samuel Rutherford, whose works he
delighted to read,--excepting only that his joy never seems to have risen to ecstasies. The
selection of his letters which I have made for publication, may exhibit somewhat of his holy
skill in dropping a word for his Master on all occasions. But what impressed many yet more,
was his manner of introducing the truth, most naturally and strikingly, even in the shortest
note he penned; and there was something so elegant, as well as solemn, in his few words at
the close of some of his letters, that these remained deep in the receiver's heart. Writing
to Mr. G.S., on July 28, 1841, he thus draws to a close: "Remember me to H.T. I pray he may
be kept abiding in Christ. Kindest regards to his mother. Keep your own heart, dear brother,
'in the love of God' (Jude 21)--in his love to you, and that will draw your love to Him.
