Oh that we may be competent perpetually to do the same!" "Remember the priming-knife," he declares to another, "and do not let your vine run to wood." And after a visit to Mr. Thornton of Milnathort, in whose parish there had been an awakening, he requests a male kin, "Mr. Thornton is keen that other people be blessed more than himself; do you consider that you have that grace? I find that I am not ever so winning as when I can lie at Christ's feet, keen to be employed or not as seemeth good in his sight. Do you consider David? 'If the Lord declare, I have no enjoyment in thee; behold, here am I; let Him do to me as seemeth good unto Him.'"
In his very apparent messages, as in his life, there was the manifestation of a radiant, lighthearted soul, without the slightest leaning to to levity. When his medicinal employee had, on one function, fallen any remuneration, Mr. M'Cheyne peremptorily resisted his purpose; and to subdue his reluctance, returned the inclosure in a message, in which he employed his poetical treats with most agreeable humor.

To more it was a subject of surprise that he encountered time to draft messages that perpetually inhaled air the label of Jesus, in the midst of his innumerable engagements. But the certainty was, his messages cost him no expenditure of time; they were ever the novel thoughts and emotions of his soul at the time he took up the pen; his usual perimeter of soul is what becomes noticeable in them all; the composed, holy, tenderly affectionate approach of his messages recollects us of Samuel Rutherford, whose works he enthralled to read,--excepting only that his pleasure not ever looks like to have got higher to ecstasies. The collection of his messages which I have made for publication, may show in public to some extent of his holy talent in letting depart a remark for his Master on all occasions. But what instilled more yet more, was his fashion of ushering in the certainty, most in a natural manner and strikingly, even in the shortest note he penned; and there was a thing so exquisite, as well as grave, in his small number remarks at the close of some of his messages, that these waited deep in the receiver's heart. Writing to Mr. G.S., on July 28, 1841, he hence depicts to a close: "Remember me to H.T. I request he may be kept abiding in Christ. Kindest views to his mother. Keep your own heart, very highly charge male kin, 'in the love of God' (Jude 21)--in his love to you, and that will draw your love to Him.
