One day only did I  observe  him  cheerful  or  close to  happy--when a Belgian baroness for some  justification   came,  and was bowed and fed and wined by the delightfully  courteous  and  entirely   conducted  Official Captors--"and I  recognise  of her in Belgium, she is a  many   female,  she is very  strong  and she is generous; I  plunged  on my knees before her, and implored her in the  label  of my wife and Le Bon Dieu to intercede in my behalf; and she has made a note of it, and she  advised  me she would  draft  the Belgian King and I will be free in a  small number  weeks, FREE!" 
    The little Machine-Fixer, I  eventuate  to  recognise,  did  lastly   move out  La Ferte--for Precigne. 
 In the kitchen worked a very  extraordinary  person. Who  was clothed in  sabots. And sang  endlessly  in a very subdued way to himself as he  blended  the  immense   pitch black  kettles. We, that is to  declare,  B. and I, became acquainted with Afrique very gradually. You did not  recognise  Afrique suddenly. You became cognisant of Afrique gradually. You were in the cour, staring at ooze and dead trees, when a  diagram  came  stepping  from the kitchen  elevating  its  very large   lumber  feet after it rhythmically, unwinding a particoloured scarf from its waist as it came, and  chorus  to itself in a subdued  fashion  a jocular, and I  dread,  unprintable ditty  in  view  to  Paradise. The  diagram   moved into  the little  opening  to the cour in a business-like way, unwinding  endlessly,  and made stridingly for the cabinet  positioned  up  in  resistance  to  the  boulder   divider  which  split  the promenading sexes--dragging behind it on the ground a  track  of ever-increasing dimensions. The cabinet  arrived at,   track  and  diagram  parted company; the  first   plunged  inert to the limitless  mire,  the  second  referred    vanished  into the contrivance with a Jack-in-the-box rapidity. From which contrivance the  carrying on  ditty 
 le 'paradis est une maison...."
--Or afresh, it's a lithe hesitating poise, intensely smart, absolutely perceptive, consigning dryingly a sequence of certain and fast signs that penetrate the fabric of stupidity unquestionably and whisperingly; considering one after another short and poignant instupidities, distinct and uncompromising, crunchy and entirely arrowlike. The poise has a tobacco in its hand, which tobacco it has just pausingly revolved from material furnished by several mindfully kept butts (whereof Afrique's pouches are always full).
