
One day only did I see him happy or nearly happy--when a Belgian baroness for some reason arrived,
and was bowed and fed and wined by the delightfully respectful and perfectly behaved Official
Captors--"and I know of her in Belgium, she is a great lady, she is very powerful and she is
generous; I fell on my knees before her, and implored her in the name of my wife and Le Bon
Dieu to intercede in my behalf; and she has made a note of it, and she told me she would write
the Belgian King and I will be free in a few weeks, FREE!"

The little Machine-Fixer, I happen to know, did finally leave La Ferte--for Precigne.

... In the kitchen worked a very remarkable person. Who wore sabots. And sang continuously
in a very subdued way to himself as he stirred the huge black kettles. We, that is to say,
B. and I, became acquainted with Afrique very gradually. You did not know Afrique suddenly.
You became cognisant of Afrique gradually. You were in the cour, staring at ooze and dead trees,
when a figure came striding from the kitchen lifting its big wooden feet after it rhythmically,
unwinding a particoloured scarf from its waist as it came, and singing to itself in a subdued
manner a jocular, and I fear, unprintable ditty concerning Paradise. The figure entered the
little gate to the cour in a business-like way, unwinding continuously, and made stridingly
for the cabinet situated up against the stone wall which separated the promenading sexes--dragging
behind it on the ground a tail of ever-increasing dimensions. The cabinet reached, tail and
figure parted company; the former fell inert to the limitless mud, the latter disappeared into
the contrivance with a Jack-in-the-box rapidity. From which contrivance the continuing ditty

"le 'paradis est une maison...."

--Or again, it's a lithe pausing poise, intensely intelligent, certainly sensitive, delivering
dryingly a series of sure and rapid hints that penetrate the fabric of stupidity accurately
and whisperingly; dealing one after another brief and poignant instupidities, distinct and
uncompromising, crisp and altogether arrowlike. The poise has a cigarette in its hand, which
cigarette it has just pausingly rolled from material furnished by a number of carefully saved
butts (whereof Afrique's pockets are invariably full).
