To Mr. Somerville he wrote: "My mind was very weak when I was at the worst, and therefore
the things of eternity were often dim. I had no fear to die, for Christ had died. Still I prayed
for recovery, if it was the Lord's will. You remember you told me to be humble among your last
advices. You see God is teaching me the same thing. I fear I am not thoroughly humbled. I feel
the pride of my heart, and bewail it." To his kind medical friend, Dr. Gibson, in Dundee, he
wrote: "I really believed that my Master had called me home, and that I would sleep beneath
the dark-green cypresses of Bouja till the Lord shall come, and they that sleep in Jesus come
with Him; and my most earnest prayer was for my dear flock, that God would give them a pastor
after his own heart."

When we met, after an eight days' separation, on board the vessel at Constantinople, he mentioned
as one of the most interesting incidents of the week, that one evening, while walking with
Mr. Lewis, they met a young Greek and his wife, both of whom were believed to be really converted
souls. It created a thrill in his bosom to meet with these almost solitary representatives
of the once faithful and much tried native church of Smyrna.

Meanwhile there were movements at home that proved the Lord to be He who "alone doeth wondrous
things." The cry of his servant in Asia was not forgotten; the eye of the Lord turned towards
his people. It was during the time of Mr. M'Cheyne's sore sickness that his flock in Dundee
were receiving blessing from the opened windows of heaven. Their pastor was lying at the gate
of death, in utter helplessness. But the Lord had done this on very purpose; for He meant to
show that He needed not the help of any: He could send forth new laborers, and work by new
instruments, when it pleased Him. We little knew that during the days when we were waiting
at the foot of Lebanon for a vessel to carry us to Smyrna, the arm of the Lord had begun to
be revealed in Scotland. On the 23d of July the great Revival at Kilsyth took place.

Mr. W.C. Burns, the same who was supplying Mr. M'Cheyne's place in his absence, was on that
day preaching to his father's flock; and while pressing upon them immediate acceptance of Christ
with deep solemnity, the whole of the vast assembly were overpowered.
