For Mr. Somerville, he wrote: "My mind was very weak when I was at my worst, and therefore the things of eternity often tenuous. I was not afraid to die, because Christ had died. However prayed for the recovery if it was the will of the Lord. "Remember you told me to be humble in his last advice. You see that God is teaching me the same thing. I'm afraid I'm not completely humiliated. I feel the pride of my heart, and mourn for him . "To his kind physician friend, Dr. Gibson, in Dundee, wrote:" I really thought that my teacher had called me home, and would sleep under the dark green cypresses of Boujan until the Lord come, and those who sleep in it come with it, and my most fervent prayer was for me my flock, that God would give them a pastor after his own heart. "

When we met, after the separation of eight days aboard the ship at Constantinople, mentioned as one of the most interesting incidents of the week, one night, while walking with Mr. Lewis, they found a young Greek and its wife, both of which were believed to actually converts the soul. It created an emotion in her womb to comply with these representatives of the almost solitary once more natural and faithful of the church tried to Smyrna.

Meanwhile, there was movement in the house turned out to be the Lord that He is "the mighty one does." The cry of his servant in Asia was not forgotten: the eye of the Lord turned toward his people. It was during the time of illness of Mr. M'Cheyne pain that his flock in Dundee were receiving the blessing of the open windows of heaven. His pastor was lying on the door of death, in utter helplessness. But the Lord had done this very objective, because he wants to show that he did not need any help: I could send new workers, and the work of new instruments, when he pleased. We did not know that during the days that were waiting at the foot of Lebanon to bring a ship to Smyrna, the arm of the Lord had begun to be unveiled in Scotland. On July 23 the great revival in Kilsyth was carried out.

Mr. W.C. Burns, the same who was supplying the place of honor M'Cheyne in his absence, was the day that the preaching of the flock of his father, and while pressing on them immediate acceptance of Christ with great solemnity, the whole great assembly were defeated.
