For Mr. Somerville he wrote: "My mind was very weak when I was worse, and therefore eternal things were often weak. I had no fear to die, for Christ died. But I prayed for recovery, where was God's will you remember you told me to be humble of your last advice .. You see God is teaching me the same thing. I fear that I am not well humiliated. feel pride heart My, and regrets it. "Like his friend, medical, Dr. Gibson, in Dundee, he wrote:" I thought my teacher called home, and I would sleep under the dark green cypresses Bouja by Lord will come, and those who sleep in Jesus come to Him, and my prayer was most serious for my dear flock, that God will give them a pastor after his heart. "

When we met, eight days after separation, on board of Constantinople, he mentioned that one of the most interesting incidents of the week, that one evening while walking with Mr. Lewis, have met a young Greek wife, both were considered to be truly converted souls. This created a thrill in his bosom, to meet with representatives of the faithful almost solitary and tried once more from the original church myrrh.

Meanwhile, there have been moves at home which he proved that God "doeth great things alone." Cry of his servant in Asia has not been forgotten, God's eye turned to his people. It was during Mr M'Cheyne neck disease that his flock in Dundee have received blessing from the open windows of heaven. Their pastor was lying at the gate of death, total helplessness. But the Lord has done this very purpose, to show that he did not need any help: He could send more new workers and new tools to work when he pleased. I knew less on days when I was waiting at the foot of Lebanon for a ship to take us to Smyrna, the Lord's arm began to be unveiled in Scotland. On July 23d High Renaissance occurred in Kilsyth.

Mr. Burns closet, which was providing the same place in his absence Mr M'Cheyne was that day to preach his father's sheep and while pressing on their immediate acceptance of Christ with deep solemnity, the whole assembly majority were overwhelmed.
