If basic Count isn't good adequate for him, and Countess for her, I will just declare 'You'--so there!"
Soon we observed a many star-shaped fortress as we ran into a township, which was Mestre; and at the matching time we lost shadow-Venice. Passing a charming villa set back behind an avenue of cypresses and plane trees that granted an effect of dappling moonlight even in full day, some one in the high opening gestured his hand.

"By Jove, it's Leo Bari, the artist!" shouted Sir Ralph. "I forgot his population inhabited here. I recognise him well; he draws close to the Riviera to paint. Do slow down, Terry."

So "Terry" reduced tempo down, and a handsome, slim youthful man ran up, salutation Sir Ralph gaily in English. He was ushered in to us, and his sister, a adorable Italian young woman with Titian hair, was requested to move out the turning into setting of the opening to make our acquaintance.

They were fascinated in the particulars of our expedition, principally when they discovered that, after a week in Venice, we were going into Dalmatia.

"Why, I'm going down to Ragusa to paint," said he. "I've been before, but this time I take my sister Beatrice. She dyes too. We depart by the Austrian Lloyd to-morrow. Perhaps we observe you there?"

"Have you ever been down as far as Cattaro?" requested Aunt Kathryn, from whose tongue the labels of Dalmatian townships plunge trippingly, since she "acquired" a mansion and a label there.

"Oh, yes, and to Montenegro," responded the artist.

"And do you consider the homes of the neighbourhood?" went on Aunt Kathryn.

"It is now but two years I was there, so a home would have to be youthful for me not to remember," responded the youthful man, asleep of the laughable little turn of his English.

"I am considering of a very aged house; Slosh--er--the Castle of Hrvoya. Have you observed it?"

"Ah, that aged ruin!" shouted the artist. "I observed it, yes. But there is not more much Schloss Hrvoya to observe, only the rock for it to stand."

Poor Aunt Kathryn! I was apologetic for her. But she dull the hard bang well, and, after all, it's the label, not the mansion for which she cares most--that, and the right to smear everything with crowns.

"Perhaps I'll request you to cover in paint Hrvoya for me some day," she said. But later, when we had bidden the handsome male kin and sister au revoir, she said that she was petrified Mr. Bari hadn't an decorative eye.
