If plain Count isn't good enough for him, and Countess for her, I shall just say
'You'--so there!"

Soon we saw a great star-shaped fortress as we ran into a town, which was Mestre; and at the
same time we lost shadow-Venice. Passing a charming villa set back behind an avenue of cypresses
and plane trees that gave an effect of dappling moonlight even in full day, some one in the
tall gateway waved his hand.

"By Jove, it's Leo Bari, the artist!" exclaimed Sir Ralph. "I forgot his people lived here.
I know him well; he comes to the Riviera to paint. Do slow down, Terry."

So "Terry" slowed down, and a handsome, slim young man ran up, greeting Sir Ralph gaily in
English. He was introduced to us, and his sister, a lovely Italian girl with Titian hair, was
invited to leave the becoming background of the gateway to make our acquaintance.

They were interested in the details of our tour, especially when they heard that, after a week
in Venice, we were going into Dalmatia.

"Why, I'm going down to Ragusa to paint," said he. "I've been before, but this time I take
my sister Beatrice. She paints too. We go by the Austrian Lloyd to-morrow. Perhaps we see you
there?"

"Have you ever been down as far as Cattaro?" asked Aunt Kathryn, from whose tongue the names
of Dalmatian towns fall trippingly, since she "acquired" a castle and a title there.

"Oh, yes, and to Montenegro," replied the artist.

"And do you remember the houses of the neighbourhood?" went on Aunt Kathryn.

"It is already but two years I was there, so a house would have to be young for me not to remember,"
replied the young man, unconscious of the funny little twist of his English.

"I am thinking of a very old house; Slosh--er--the Castle of Hrvoya. Have you seen it?"

"Ah, that old ruin!" exclaimed the artist. "I seen it, yes. But there is not more much Schloss
Hrvoya to see, only the rock for it to stand."

Poor Aunt Kathryn! I was sorry for her. But she bore the blow well, and, after all, it's the
title, not the castle for which she cares most--that, and the right to smear everything with
crowns.

"Perhaps I'll ask you to paint Hrvoya for me some day," she said. But afterwards, when we had
bidden the handsome brother and sister au revoir, she remarked that she was afraid Mr. Bari
hadn't an artistic eye.
