A mass of people struggling trying to get out trying to get another body, pushing everyone and muttering, grunting and groaning, and, above all, the howls of the select band of swindlers in their performance and popular and unpopular -

"'Urry up the car, please. Wait until everyone is out. Move right in the middle, please. WOT you doing there? Orf orf Come if you're coming. Get a move, please." Urry up on board. Here we go. right behind. "

A siren screamed and we were off again.

"You can not set the child down, Mom?" said a voice. 'You can not take your style. Shut up,' Enry, please. "

I managed to struggle out of my seat.

"Thank you, sir," said the man. "Sit down, Em'ly. That's better. Now you can 'old boy. Shut up, 'Enry, will you? "

I looked at Henry and found him seated in a forest of legs.

"I think he is afraid of being stepped on," I said.

We have managed, with some effort, to remove the child and make it a little more comfortable. His father turned with a sigh of relief for me.

"Terrible business Travellin 'with the kids today, huh?" said.

"I can believe it," he said.

"It is bad enough anywhere," he continued, "but in this line - like - and stick posters to tell you to be patient. Patient! With a wife and two children, and young people in Victoria-a whelp yell at you all the time. If there's one thing I ate is bein 'ustled. " He laughed resentfully. "Come on, move." Jump to it! "Shouting and screaming until they know if you're gettin 'in and gettin' orf. Anybody'd think it was a lot of blinkin" animals. "

Something clicked in my head (I dare not suggest what) and the car and people were swinging out of focus.

* * * * *

There was little accumulation soldiers firing weapons.

"Keep away," said the subaltern in charge.

"Stand at - ease. Stand easy. Carry on, Sergeant.

The P.T. Instructor made themselves known.

"Now, boys," he said briskly, "have their teams and their tunics and pants and roll up their sleeves. And while you're doing is listening to your Uncle Brown, who is going to take things.

"I took aven't any of you guys before - (come around, my son is not syncopatin 'movements) - but I'm told you all people of Belgian francs.
