
A struggling mass of people trying to get out, another mass trying to get in; everybody pushing
and muttering, grunting and groaning; and above all the howling of the Specially Selected Band
of Hustlers in their now famous and unpopular performance:--

"'Urry up off the car, please. WAIT till they're all off. Move right down the centre, please.
Wot are you doin' there? Come orf it if you're comin' orf. Get a move on, please. 'Urry up
on board. Come on there. RIGHT BEHIND."

A siren shrilled and we were moving again.

"Can't you set the kid down, Mother?" said a voice. "You can't carry her like that. Be quiet,
'Enry, will you."

I managed to struggle out of my seat.

"Thank you, Sir," said the man. "Sit down, Em'ly. That's better. Now you can 'old the kid.
Shut up, 'Enry, will you?"

I looked for Henry and found him wedged in a forest of legs.

"I think he's afraid of being trodden on," I said.

We managed, with some effort, to extract the child and make him a little more comfortable.
His father turned with a sigh of relief to me.

"Awful business travellin' with kids nowadays, ain't it?" he said.

"I can quite believe it," I said.

"Bad enough anywhere," he went on, "but on this line--well--and they stick up placards tellin'
you to be patient. Patient! With a wife and two kids, and them young jackanapes at Victoria
a-howling at you all the time. If there's one thing I 'ate it's bein' 'ustled." He laughed
resentfully. "'Come on, get a move on.' 'Jump to it!' Shoutin' and howlin' till you don't know
whether you're gettin' on or gettin' orf. Anybody'd think we was a lot of blinkin' animals."

Something clicked inside my head (I hesitate to suggest what) and the carriage and the swaying
people went out of focus.

       *       *       *       *       *

There was a little squad of soldiers piling arms.

"Stand clear," said the subaltern in charge.

"Stand at--ease. Stand easy. Carry on, Sergeant."

The P.T. Instructor came forward.

"Now, lads," he said briskly, "take off your equipment and your tunics and puttees and roll
up your sleeves. And while you're doin' it listen to your Uncle Brown, who's goin' to give
things away.

"I 'aven't took any of you lads before--(come along there, my son; we ain't syncopatin' the
movements)--but I'm told you're all B.E.F. men.
