Look then for one  time  after the  evil-minded  of polygamy. It  survived  for awhile  amid  the  aged  Hebrews. Moses  tolerated  it for the hardness of their hearts. From the  commencing  it was not so. It was a perversion of the  aged   school  of matrimony. All the  troubles  of that idolatrous age could not be remedied in a moment;  none  was made  exact  until the  facade  of that  superb  counselor—Christ. He  repaired  the primitive integrity of the  wed   school  by revoking polygamy and divorce. Polygamy was  not ever   congenial  to the  bodily  and mental  attribute  of its population. It is  shown clearly   past  the  prospect  of a  suspect  that it is debasing and brutalizing. The Turks and Asiatics are polygamists, but they are much inferior to the  aged  Greeks and Romans; yet  aged  Rome was a long  means  from Heaven’s will in  regard  of  wed  ties. 

The matrimonial  school  of Rome was a compromise between the right and the wrong. The  school  was  deliberated  in the  light-weight  of a  civilised   bond,   moved into  into for expediency, and  looked after  by the magistrates because it was  supposed  a  lucky thing  to society; by the  justice  of the twelve  desks  it  carried on   as long as  the  enjoyment  of the husband. The  effect  was that  regular,  and often,  quick  succession of  splits up  and marriages took the  position  of polygamy, and  ushered in   more  of its evils. 

The  personal   annals  of Roman  females  of first  grade  is a succession of marriages and  ends  wedding ceremony,   each new  wedding ceremony  giving way to one more recent. Octavia, the  female child  of the Emperor Claudus,  wed  Nero, was  rejected  by him for the sake of Poppæa; this woman was first  wed  to Rufus Crispinus; then to Otho; and at  extent  to Nero, by  who  she was killed. 
Nero  assassin  Thessalina’s husband, and married her for his third wife. Julia, the daughter of Augustus, was first the wife of Marcellus,  afterward  the wife of Agrippa, and  afterward  the wife of Tiberius. Such  cases  are found  close to  without  diagram  in the  past  itemising   of Tacitus. The  distance  to which this evil was carried may be  scholarly  from the poet Martial,  any person  who   informs  us,  that,  after  the Julian law against adultery was  rebuilt  as a prevention of the corruption of the times, Thessalina married her tenth husband within thirty days,  consequently   avoiding  all the restraints which the law  caused  against her licentiousness.
