Look then for one moment after the evil of polygamy. It
existed for awhile among the ancient Hebrews. Moses suffered it for the hardness of their hearts.
From the beginning it was not so. It was a perversion of the ancient institution of matrimony.
All the evils of that idolatrous age could not be remedied in a moment; nothing was made perfect
until the appearance of that wonderful counselor—Christ. He restored the primitive integrity
of the marriage institution by revoking polygamy and divorce. Polygamy was never friendly to
the physical and mental character of its population. It is demonstrated beyond the possibility
of a doubt that it is debasing and brutalizing. The Turks and Asiatics are polygamists, but
they are much inferior to the old Greeks and Romans; yet ancient Rome was a long ways from
Heaven’s will in respect of marriage ties.

The matrimonial institution of Rome was a compromise between the right and the wrong. The institution
was considered in the light of a civil contract, entered into for expediency, and protected
by the magistrates because it was deemed a blessing to society; by the law of the twelve tables
it continued during the pleasure of the husband. The result was that frequent, and often, rapid
succession of divorces and marriages took the place of polygamy, and introduced many of its evils.

The private history of Roman ladies of first rank is a succession of marriages and divorces,
each new marriage giving way to one more recent. Octavia, the daughter of the Emperor Claudus,
married Nero, was repudiated by him for the sake of Poppæa; this woman was first married to
Rufus Crispinus; then to Otho; and at length to Nero, by whom she was killed.

Nero murdered Thessalina’s husband, and married her for his third wife. Julia, the daughter
of Augustus, was first the wife of Marcellus, then the wife of Agrippa, and then the wife of
Tiberius. Such examples are found almost without number in the annals of Tacitus. The extent
to which this evil was carried may be learned from the poet Martial, who informs us, that,
when the Julian law against adultery was revived as a prevention of the corruption of the times,
Thessalina married her tenth husband within thirty days, thus evading all the restraints which
the law imposed against her licentiousness.
