Look then for a time after the evil of polygamy. There for a while among the ancient Hebrew. Moses suffered for the hardness of their hearts. From the beginning it was not. It was a perversion of the old institution of marriage. All the evils that age could not be remedied idolatrous in a moment, nothing has been done perfectly by the appearance of this wonderful counselor Christ. He restored integrity to the primitive institution of marriage by revoking polygamy and divorce. Polygamy has never been friendly with physical and mental character of its people. It proved beyond doubt that it can be debasing and brutalizing. Turks and Asians are polygamous, but they are significantly lower than the old Greeks and Romans, Ancient Rome was still a long ways from Heaven's will regarding marriage ties.

The institution of marriage in Rome was a compromise between right and wrong. Institution was considered under a civil contract, entered into opportunity, and protected by the judiciary because it was considered a blessing to society, the law of the twelve tables continued enjoyment of her husband. The result was that frequent and often rapid succession of divorces and marriages took place polygamy, and introduced many of its evils.

Historical novels of leading ladies is a succession of marriages and divorces, each new marriage to give way later. Octavia Claudus emperor's daughter, married with Nero, it was repudiated Poppæa reasons, this woman was married to Rufus Crispinus, then widely Otho and Nero, by whom was killed.

Nero Thessalina husband killed, and she married a third wife. Julia, daughter of Augustus, was the first wife of Marcellus, Agrippa's then wife, then wife of Tiberius. Examples are almost endless in the annals of Tacitus. The extent to which this evil has been done can be learned from the poet Martial, who tells us that when Julian law against adultery was revived as a corruption prevention times Thessalina tenth married her husband within thirty days, so removed all restrictions imposed by law against her vulgarity.
