Thatcher 3d. one day, and rogues 1-1/2d. T. Gill.

Literary questioning .-- Of all human questioning, ancient and modern plebeian or patrician, nothing is as it is now in successful practice in the lists of literature. The Zoilo the penny newspapers have criticized never been written or said so bitterly seasoned as some of the serious laudatory articles where authors are interviewed to zero in the popular test. Montgomery Satan is fun with the name of Isaiah, Miss Landon by a comparison with La Rochefoucauld, and Mr. Trueba, with Pigault le Brun. This is a refinement of cruelty. Twinning is rack with flowers and hang a man with a gold cord. The expression of criticism's must be "Yes, yes and no, no!" A party Barmecide of fame is a supererogation of evil. We hold that all authors, so derided the right to ask their critics to repair their words, and build castles with their vision of Fata Morgana (like London Bridge in the nursery rhyme), complete with gravel and stones or "with silver and gold. " A heavy fine should be imposed on literary Edinburgh .-- questioning Tait's Magazine.

View of the Cross (in Spanish). - Suddenly rose Fernando Alfonso Riberro from his bed and out of his shop to look fierce and sword in hand - sworn to total annihilation of all defects in Castile.

And the king with great dispatch, immediately ordered a strong body of cavalry that - there was a mouse scratching behind the frieze.

So, Queen Mary, rising majestically on his throne, Imperial, but soft eyes, exclaimed a sweet voice - "Poll Scratch your head."

There was a lot of gay Knights to follow the hunt - the rats are offered many good sports.

These Spanish satire samples collected in the form of cross-treatments, a few months after the death of Cervantes, but is said by the illustrious writer, so I really do not know. R.N.

Clock Canyon .-- In gardens Palacio Real de Luxembourg in Paris, is a model of this device invented by Rousseau. A burning glass is established on the vent of a cannon, so the sun's rays when it passes over the meridian, is concentrated by the glass, priming, and the piece is fired.
