Thatchers 3d. a-day, and their knaves 1-1/2d. T.GILL.

Literary Quizzing.--Of all human quizzing,ancient and modern, prebeian or patrician, nothing equals that now in triumphat practice in thel ists of literature. From Zoilus to the penny newspapers, never has there been criticism, penned or spoken, so bitterly pungent as some of the grave laudatory articles, by which authors are now quizzed down to zero in the popular reviews Satan Montagomery is bantered with the name of Isaiah; Miss Landon by a comparison with La Rochefoucault; and Don Treba, with Pigault le Brun. This is a refinement in cruelty. It is twining the rack with flowers; and hanging a man with a cord of gold. The sentence of the reviewer should be "Yea, yea; and nay, nay!" A Barmedie's feast of frame is a supererogation of malice. We hold that all authors so derided have a right to call upon their critics to make good their words; and build up the visionary castles of ther Fata Morgana, (like london Bridge in the nursery song) with "gravel and stone," or rather, "with silver and gold." A heavy mulct should be imposed on literary quizzing.--Tailt's Edinburgh Magazine.

Cross Readings,(from the Spanish.)--Suddenly King Alphonso Riberro Fernando rose from his couch, and sallying from his tent with ferce looks and sword in hand--swore the total annihilation of every bug in the Castiles.

And the king with great despatch, forthwith ordered a strong body of calvry, for--there was a mouse scratching behind the wainscot.

So the queen, Mary, rising majestically from her throne, with imperial, yet gentle look, excalimed in a sweet voice--"Scratich Poll's head."

There was goodly array of gay knights following the king to the hunt--the rats being numerous they afforded good sport.

These speciemens of Spanish satire came out int lhe form of cross-readings,a few months after the death of Cervants; they were affirmed to be by that illustrious author; how truly so I know not.R.N.

Cannon Clock.--In the gardens of the Palais Royal and the Luxembourg, at Paris, is a specimen of this contrivance invented by one Rousseau. A burning-glass is fixed over the vent of a cannon, so that the sun's rays, at the moment of its passing the meridian, are concentreated by the glass, on the priming, and the piece is fired.
