Thatchers 3d. a-day, and their knaves
1-1/2d. T. GILL.

Literary Quizzing.--Of all human quizzing, ancient and modern, plebeian or patrician, nothing
equals that now in triumphant practice in the lists of literature. From Zoilus to the penny
newspapers, never has there been criticism, penned or spoken, so bitterly pungent as some of
the grave laudatory articles, by which authors are now quizzed down to zero in the popular
reviews. Satan Montgomery is bantered with the name of Isaiah; Miss Landon by a comparison
with La Rochefoucault; and Don Trueba, with Pigault le Brun. This is a refinement in cruelty.
It is twining the rack with flowers; and hanging a man with a cord of gold. The sentence of
the reviewer should be "Yea, yea; and nay, nay!" A Barmecide's feast of fame is a supererogation
of malice. We hold that all authors so derided have a right to call upon their critics to make
good their words; and build up the visionary castles of their Fata Morgana, (like London Bridge
in the nursery song) with "gravel and stone;" or rather, "with silver and gold." A heavy mulct
should be imposed on literary quizzing.--Tait's Edinburgh Magazine.

Cross Readings, (from the Spanish.)--Suddenly King Alphonso Riberro Fernando rose from his
couch, and sallying from his tent with fierce looks and sword in hand--swore the total annihilation
of every bug in the Castiles.

And the king with great despatch, forthwith ordered a strong body of cavalry, for--there was
a mouse scratching behind the wainscot.

So the queen, Mary, rising majestically from her throne, with imperial, yet gentle look, exclaimed
in a sweet voice--"Scratch Poll's head."

There was a goodly array of gay knights following the king to the hunt--the rats being numerous
they afforded good sport.

These specimens of Spanish satire came out in the form of cross-readings, a few months after
the death of Cervantes; they were affirmed to be by that illustrious author; how truly so I
know not. R.N.

Cannon Clock.--In the gardens of the Palais Royal and the Luxembourg, at Paris, is a specimen
of this contrivance invented by one Rousseau. A burning-glass is fixed over the vent of a cannon,
so that the sun's rays, at the moment of its passing the meridian, are concentrated by the
glass, on the priming, and the piece is fired.
