With leases of three, six, nine years,
the farmers naturally took as few risks as possible in the way of improving the land. They
were always making up the waste caused by the previous tenant, or shy of investing for the
benefit of the next tenant. Towards the end of the century, and before the Revolution, small
holdings began to increase, and the English fashion of long leases came in, and the agriculture
improved accordingly. So you see why our farmers tend to monarchy from the point of view of
long leases and land ownership, just as these sailors and fishermen here in the Boulonnais
tend to it from the point of view of seamanship. You will make republicans of them when you
get them to let the forecastle elect the cook captain. That will not be to-morrow nor, I think,
next week.'

I left Calais late at night for Boulogne, my friend going into Picardy, where I promised to
join him later on. There was an immense crowd at the station, and I could not help admiring
the good nature and cheery civility of the porters. The sub-officials in silver lace were not
so admirable, but then they were only strutting about and objecting to things. The honest fellows
who were getting twice as many passengers into a train as the train could possibly take, and
helping bewildered provincials to find out where they really wanted to go, were, I thought,
miraculously amiable and intelligent.

At the last moment, just as we were moving off, a lively Parisian journalist tumbled into our
compartment with his despatch-box and his portmanteau. He was in the full evening dress in
which he had been parading about all day with the Presidential party; his white cravat was
loose and awry, and the grey dust of the Calais streets and piers lay thick upon his glossy
bottines; but he was in the best of spirits, for he had caught the train and would now reach
Paris in the morning.

'But the President is going on to Boulogne, is he not?' I asked.

'Oh, yes! but what of that? It will be just what it was to-day, and I know what he is going
to say. He will leave Boulogne early in the afternoon, and we shall have it all, an excellent
account. It's not worth while to waste the time on Boulogne.'

He had been with the President ever since the party left Paris, and thought the progression
the whole, a success.
