The Ababda of  Egypt, numbering some 30,000, are governed by an hereditary  ``chief.'' Although
nominally a vassal of the Khedive he pays no  tribute.  Indeed he is paid a subsidy, a portion
of the  road-dues, in return for his safeguarding travellers from Bedouin  robbers.  The sub-sheikhs
are directly responsible to him.   The Ababda of Nubia, reported by Joseph von Russegger, who
visited the country in 1836, to number some 40,000, have since  diminished, having probably
amalgamated with the Bisharin,  their hereditary enemies when they were themselves a powerful
nation.  The Ababda generally speak Arabic (mingled with  Barabra [Nubian] words), the result
of their long-continued  contact with Egypt; but the southern and south-eastern portion  of
the tribe in many cases still retain their Beja dialect,  ToBedawiet.  Those of Kosseir will
not speak this before  strangers, as they believe that to reveal the mysterious  dialect would
bring ruin on them.  Those nearest the Nile  have much fellah blood in them.  As a tribe they
claim an Arab  origin, apparently through their sheikhs.  They have adopted  the dress and
habits of the fellahin, unlike their kinsmen  the Bisharin and Hadendoa, who go practically
naked.  They  are neither so fierce nor of so fine a physique as these  latter.  They are lithe
and well built, but small: the average  height is little more than 5 ft., except in the sheikh
clan,  who are obviously of Arab origin.  Their complexion is more  red than black, their features
angular, noses straight and hair  luxuriant.  They bear the character of being treacherous
and  faithless, being bound by no oath, but they appear to be honest  in money matters and
hospitable, and, however poor, never  beg.  Formerly very poor, the Ababda became wealthy after
the British occupation of Egypt.  The chief settlements are in  Nubia, where they live in villages
and employ themselves in  agriculture.  Others of them fish in the Red Sea and then  hawk the
salt fish in the interior.  Others are pedlars,  while charcoal burning, wood-gathering and
trading in gums  and drugs, especially in senna leaves, occupy many.  Unlike  the true Arab,
the Ababda do not live in tents, but build  huts with hurdles and mats, or live in natural
caves, as  did their ancestors in classic times.
