THE GALAXY.

VOL. XXIII.--FEBRUARY, 1877.--No. 2.

Entered, according to Act of Congress, in the year 1877, by SHELDON & CO., in the office of
the Librarian of Congress, at Washington.

ADMINISTRATION OF ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

The second session of the Thirty-seventh Congress, from its commencement to its close, tested
the strength of the Government and the capability of those who administered it. Disappointment,
in consequence of no decisive military success during the first few months of the war, had
caused a generally depressed feeling which begot discontent and distrust that in various ways
found expression in Congress. Democrats complained more of the incapacity of the Executive
than of the inefficiency of the generals, and the entire Administration was censured and denounced
by them for acts which, if not strictly legal and constitutional in peace, were necessary and
unavoidable in war. Republicans, on the other hand, were dissatisfied because so little was
accomplished, and the factious imputed military delay to mismanagement and want of energy in
the Administration. Indeed, but for some redeeming naval successes at Hatteras and Port Royal
preceding the meeting of Congress in December, the whole belligerent operations would have
been pronounced weak and imbecile failures. Conflicting views in regard to the slavery question
in all its aspects prevailed; the Democrats insisting that fugitives should be returned to
their masters under the provisions of law, as in time of peace. The Republicans were divided
on this question, one portion agreeing with the Democrats that all should be returned, another
claiming that only escaped slaves who belonged to loyal owners, wherever they resided, should
be returned; another portion insisted that there should be no rendition of servants of rebel
masters, even in loyal or border States, who, by resisting the laws and setting the authorities
at defiance, had forfeited their rights and all Governmental protection. Questions in regard
to the treatment of captured rebels, and the confiscation of all property of rebels, were agitated.
What was the actual condition of the seceding States, and what would be their status when the
rebellion should be suppressed, were also beginning to be controverted points, especially among
members of Congress.
