HIS  GALAXY. 
VOL. XXIII.--FEBRUARY, 1877.--No. 2. 
Entered, according to Act of Congress, in the year 1877, by SHELDON & CO., in the office of the Librarian of Congress, at Washington. 
Administration of Abraham Lincoln. 
From the date of commencement to its ending, the second session of the Thirty-seventh Congress tested the whole strength of the Government and the capability of those who administered it. At the end of its thorough examination, the result was nothing but disappointment. Especially, there was no remarkable success attained by the war for first few months.  Moreover, it has created also some kind of negative feelings with depression.  
Also it has become a reason to cause some kind of dissatisfaction and disbelief in various ways.  This was the actual expression of congress.  Especially there were so many complaints wholeheartedly raised by the democrats and they started to criticize about the execution and inefficiency of the generals.  Finally the entire administration was faulted and condemned by them for their inefficient activities.  Since they were all unlawful and they were not based on constitutionally peaceful, it has become unavoidable and necessary for war in so many aspects.  Republicans on the other hand, were also packed by dissatisfaction.   The reason is there are much dissatisfaction was not brilliantly handled and due to the factious attribute military delay to mismanagement and want of energy in the administration.  
Indeed, due to some saving naval successes at Hatteras and Port Royal, the meeting of Congress had been conducted in December. The whole quarrelsome operations would have been pronounced weak and imbecile failures. But as a matter of fact, some conflicting view regarding to the slavery questions started to prevail in each and every aspect. The democrats also started to insist that fugitives have to be returned to their masters under the provisions of law as in time of peace. The republicans started to feel some kind of disparity on this question.  In fact, in all democrats, some portion of them has accepted to return back and some of them not accepted for the same.    Moreover, they claimed that some of them such as escaped slaves who belonged to loyal owners, wherever they resided to be returned back. Another portion of them particularly insisted that there should not be any interpretation of servants of rebel masters even in loyal or Border States.  They were all resisting the laws and authorities and were not in a good type of obedience.  Also they have surrendered their rights and all their protection rendered by the government. 
Some other questions raised in regard to the treatment of captured rebels, and the elimination of all property of rebels, and about their properties those were in trouble.   What was the actual condition of the separated States and what would be their status when the rebellion had been covered up by the authority.   These are also some essential points for a great controversial quarrel especially among members of Congress.
