In few, if any, other American cities of equal size are the streets and
avenues kept so clean. The Grand Boulevard, 150 ft. to 200 ft. in width and 12 m. in length,
has been constructed around the city except along the river front. A very large proportion
of the inhabitants of Detroit own their homes: there are no large congested tenement-house
districts; and many streets in various parts of the city are faced with rows of low and humble
cottages often having a garden plot in front.

Of the public buildings the city hall (erected 1868-1871), overlooking the Campus Martius,
is in Renaissance style, in three storeys; the flagstaff from the top of the tower reaches
a height of 200 ft. On the four corners above the first section of the tower are four figures,
each 14 ft. in height, to represent Justice, Industry, Art and Commerce, and on the same level
with these is a clock weighing 7670 lb--one of the largest in the world. In front of the building
stands the Soldiers' and Sailors' monument, 60 ft. high, designed by Randolph Rogers (1825-1892)
and unveiled in 1872. At each of the four corners in each of three sections rising one above
the other are bronze eagles and figures representing the United States Infantry, Marine, Cavalry
and Artillery, also Victory, Union, Emancipation and History; the figure by which the monument
is surmounted was designed to symbolize Michigan. A larger and more massive and stately building
than the city hall is the county court house, facing Cadillac Square, with a lofty tower surmounted
by a gilded dome. The Federal building is a massive granite structure, finely decorated in
the interior. Among the churches of greatest architectural beauty are the First Congregational,
with a fine Byzantine interior, St John's Episcopal, the Woodward Avenue Baptist and the First
Presbyterian, all on Woodward Avenue, and St. Anne's and Sacred Heart of Mary, both Roman Catholic.
The municipal museum of art, in Jefferson Avenue, contains some unusually interesting Egyptian
and Japanese collections, the Scripps' collection of old masters, other valuable paintings,
and a small library; free lectures on art are given here through the winter. The public library
had 228,500 volumes in 1908, including one of the best collections of state and town histories
in the country.
