Has never been seen and heard some such as moon and stars. The entire range of rant he rages like a man inspired. He is the king of irony. However, these pieces contain many passages of declamation is not strong - the eloquence of some great, some that their amplitude argumentative if they fail, border on the sublime. Nor are they willing outbreaks of passion, extravagance among utmost sense false - the moment when heroes and heroines hot men and women, and talk some phrases such as blood and meat.

But it is with Dryden as a critic, not as a poet, because now we do, and I said a few words about these heroic songs only in connection with our account of his argument in support of his doctrine on the heroic verse in rhyme . Blank verse that is better adapted than any other for the drama was resolved by Shakspeare. But although Dryden led his argument too far, by his doctrine, he promulgated, becomes unbearable, not the least doubt that he did well this position, there may well play in rhyme. Heroic songs are bad, not because they are in rhyme, but because they are absurd, rhyme is their chief merit tis not possible to dream that they were in blank verse. True, that "All for Love" and "Don Sebastian" are in blank verse, and may be said, after a fashion, to be playing well. But they are built on rational principles, and they were doing the best to write as Shakspeare. What reason is there to think that these plays, in many respects excellent, are the better for not being in rhyme? None whatever. Rhyme, in my view, would be given a charm so superior. In the heroic songs, we often lead with absurdities do not know if I should call tame or wild, it gives an air of originality Commonplaces banal, she embellishes what is vigorous, and enhances what is beautiful and between events and characters as weird, music maintains our interest to flag, and allows us to read. There can be no doubt that the representation on stage, the same question must have been most effective on the public accustomed to this kind of pleasure, and who delighted in rhyme, in order to least necessary luxuries life.
