The  entire  of it had been consumed. The  vessel  was empty, and yet the  young  children   were not  persuaded  with their dinner. "Now I know," said the mother, "why no white  baked bread  has  arrive  from the Seminary." Jasmin was now  substantially  distressed. "Accursed sweetmeats," he thought. "Oh! what a wretch I am to have  initiated  so much misery and distress."

The young children had consumed only a couple of vegetables; and now there was another mouth to fill. The blaze had nearly expired for desire of fuel. The young children had no baked bread that day, for the Seminary loaf had not arrived. What were they now to do? The mother endured fiendish tortures in not being adept to give her young children baked bread, particularly on the home-coming of her very well liked scapegrace. 
     t last, after  glimpsing  at her left hand, she  increased  suddenly. She  called out  in a  beaming  voice, "Wait patiently until my return." She put her Sunday kerchief on her head, and departed. In a short time she returned, to the  great  delight   of the  young  children,   with a loaf of  baked bread  under her arm. They  joked  and sang, and  arranged  to  relish  their feast, though it was only of bread. The mother  evidently   connected  in their cheerfulness, though a  miserable   agony  gnawed at her heart. Jasmin  glimpsed  his mother  conceal  her hand; but when it was  essential  for her to  slash  the loaf, after  producing  the  traverse   as  asserted  by   made-to-order,  he  glimpsed  that the ring on her left hand had disappeared. "Holy Cross," he  considered,  "it is  factual  that she has  traded  her wedding-ring to  purchase   baked bread  for her children."
 This was a  wretched   innovation  of life for the  broke  boy. He was now another  consignment  on the family. Old Boe had gone, and could no longer  assist  him with his savoury morsels. He was so oppressed with grief, that he could no longer play with his comrades as before. But Providence again  joined  his aid. The good Abbe Miraben  perceived  the story of his expulsion from the Seminary. Though a boy may be tricky he cannot be  faultless,  and the priest had much compassion on him. Knowing Jasmin's  intellectual powers,  and the poverty of his parents, the Abbe  adapted  his  consequence  to  accept  an admission for him to one of the town's  educational institutions,  where he was again enabled to carry on his education.

The good Abbe was practical to the boy in many ways. One after dark, after Jasmin was on his way to the Augustins to read and recite to the Sisters, he was waylaid by a troop of his old playfellows.
