The whole was consumed. The vessel was empty, yet children were not happy with their dinner. "Now I know," said mother, "why not white bread came from the seminar. Jasmin was now much in need. "Goody cursed, he thought. "Oh, how wretched I have caused so much misery and suffering."

Children ate only a few vegetables and now there was another mouth to fill. Fire had almost expired for lack of fuel. The children had no bread that day seminar bread not arrived. What were they to do now? My mother suffered cruel torture are not able to give bread to her children, especially her favorite home-coming punk.

Finally, after looking at his left hand, she jumped. She exclaimed with a cheerful voice, "Wait patiently until my return." She put her kerchief on her head Sunday, and left. Soon he returned to the delight of children, with a loaf under her arm. They laughed and sang, and prepared to enjoy their feast, though it was only bread. Mother apparently joined in their joy, though sad pain gnawing at her heart. Jasmin has seen his mother hide her hand, but when it was necessary to cut the bread, after the cross according to custom, he saw that ring on her left hand missing. Holy Cross, he believed, "it is true that she sold her wedding ring to buy bread for her children."

It was a sad start to life for poor boy. He was now another burden for the family. Boe old left, and could not help him with his savory dishes. He was so oppressed by pain, he could not play with his comrades as before. But Providence again came to his aid. Abbe good Miraben heard the story of his expulsion seminar. While a boy can be difficult, it can not be perfect, and the priest took pity on him much. Knowing Jasmin skills and poverty of his parents, Abbe used his influence to get him recognition for a school in the city, where he was again enabled to carry on his education.

Good Abbe was helpful to the boy in many ways. One evening, when Jasmin was the way to the Augustins to read and recite the sisters, he was waylaid by a band of his old playfellows.
