When the man returned he brought me a letter from your father, in which he said he was going to try and escape him, and that he would not set foot in Russia again.

"" Only this time my mother died your father was not able to put his plan into execution. And a year later he was allowed to write to me, just tell me the conditions in which Nicholas I offered to allow his return from exile. Tsar chose a wife for him, and he was my forever renounce your father added that he was refusing such terms;. that he would break his vow to me, and preferred exile to take what was offered.

"" He was right! "I exclaimed with pride, for I was glad to find that I had no reason to blush for my father.

"" It was noble of him! "Said my mother, and her eyes filled with tears." It was noble, but how can I accept such a sacrifice could not, would have been too selfish.? There was only one thing to do, and although in doing it I had to sacrifice all my female pride, my courage took place I wrote to your father, saying the tsar to accept the offer as I was about to get married .. "

"" Not really? "

"" No! No! It was to save him. I wanted him to be free to be happy, if possible. As for me, everything was over he wrote me, reproaching me and broke my heart .. I responded to his letter. I returned to Paris, where I lived in silence and unknown, committed entirely to me .... Six months later I heard that he married a princess, according to the will of the Tsar, and he was named captain. "

"" It's happy? "

"I have not heard anything about him, and he has no idea about my place, he would have made inquiries about me. Now you know all my sadness and secret because you know your birth. You must judge the present from your father and your mother, and to pardon or condemn us, for, alas! poor boy, you have no name and no future. "

"My poor mother hid her face in her hands and cried in an agony of pain.

"I have nothing to forgive you, but if you want to judge me by my father and you can just say that both have done your duty and his sacrifice was sublime. Society makes laws to its own pleasure, but God, which is certainly above all, your marriage was valid, and I have nothing to be ashamed
