When this man returned he brought me a letter from your father, in which he said he was going
to try and make his escape, and that he would never again set foot in Russia.

"'Just at this time my mother died. Your father was not able to put his plan into execution,
and a year later he was allowed to write to me, but merely to tell me the conditions on which
Nicholas I. offered to allow his return from exile. The Czar had chosen a wife for him, and
he was to renounce me for ever. Your father added that he was refusing such terms; that he
would never break his vow to me, and preferred exile to what was offered him.

"'He was right!' I exclaimed, proudly, for I was glad to find that I had no cause to blush
for my father.

"'It was noble of him!' said my mother, and her eyes filled with tears. 'It was noble, but
how could I accept such a sacrifice? I could not; it would have been too selfish. There was
only one thing to do, and although in doing it I had to sacrifice all my womanly pride, my
courage held out. I wrote to your father, telling him to accept the Czar's offer, as I myself
was about to marry.'

"'It was not true?'

"'No! No! It was to save him. I wanted him to be free, to be happy if possible. As for me,
all was over. He wrote to me, reproaching me, and it broke my heart. I did not reply to his
letter. I went back to Paris, where I lived quietly and unknown, devoting myself entirely to
you.... Six months later I heard that he had married a Princess according to the will of the
Czar, and that he was appointed captain.'

"'Is he happy?'

"'I have never heard another word about him, and as he has no idea of my whereabouts, he could
never have made inquiries about me. Now you know all, you know the cause of my sadness and
the secret of your birth. You must now judge between your father and your mother, and either
pardon or condemn us, for, alas! my poor boy, you have no name and no future.'

"My poor mother hid her face in her hands and sobbed in an agony of grief.

"'I have nothing to forgive, mother; but if you wish me to judge my father and you, I can only
say that you both did your duty and that your sacrifice was sublime. Society makes laws at
its own pleasure, but in the sight of God, who surely is over all, your marriage was valid,
and I have nothing to be ashamed of.
