When this man returned he  conveyed  me a  note  from your  dad,  in which he said he was going to  trial  and make his  get away,  and that he would  not ever   afresh  set  base  in Russia. 
     "'Just at this time my mother died. Your  dad  was not  adept  to put his  design  into execution, and a year  subsequent  he was  permitted  to  compose  to me, but  only  to  notify  me the  situation  on which Nicholas I.  suggested  to  permit  his  come back  from exile. The Czar had  selected  a wife for him, and he was to renounce me for ever. Your  dad   supplemented  that he was  denying  such terms; that he would  not ever   shatter  his vow to me, and  favoured  exile to what was  suggested  him.
        "'He was right!' I  called out,   arrogantly,  for I was  pleased  to find that I had no  origin  to blush for my father   
        "'It was noble of him!' said my mother, and her eyes  topped up  with tears. 'It was noble, but how could I accept such a sacrifice? I could not; it would have been too selfish. There was only one thing to  manage,  and  whereas  in  managing  it I had to  forfeit  all my womanly  dignity,  my  bravery  held out. I  composed  to your  dad,  telling him to accept the Czar's offer, as I myself was about to marry.'

"'It was not true?'   
    No! No! It was to save him. I  desired  him to be free, to be  cheerful  if possible. As for me, all was over. He  drafted  to me, reproaching me, and it  busted  my heart. I did not  response  to his letter. I went back to Paris, where I  inhabited   silently  and  unfamiliar,   committing  myself  wholly  to you.... Six months  afterwards  I  discovered  that he had  wedded  a Princess  as  showed  by  the will of the Czar, and that he was  selected  captain.'

"'Is he happy?' 

"'I have  not ever   learned  another  phrase  about him, and as he has no  concept  of my whereabouts, he could  not ever  have made inquiries about me. Now you  understand  all, you  understand  the  origin  of my  unhappiness  and the  mystery  of your birth. You  should  now  referee  between your  dad  and your mother, and either pardon or  accuse  us, for, alas! my poor  young man,  you have no  title  and no future.'

"My poor mother hid her face in her hands and sobbed in an agony of grief. 
 
"'I have  not anything  to  pardon,  mother; but if you  desire  me to  referee  my  dad  and you, I can only  state  that you both did your  obligation  and that your  forfeit  was sublime. Society makes  regulations  at its own  delight,  but in the  view  of God, who  certainly  is over all, your  wedding ceremony  was  legitimate,  and I have  not anything  to be  embarrassed  of.
