In fact, candor is the basis of our right influence with the natives;
and as I desired to make Pangeran Usop my friend, I went candidly to work, and immediately
told him all that I had already told the sultan. The amount of my conversation was as follows:
The first topic being the anticipated visit of the English, 'Were the English coming?' 'Was
Mr. Bonham coming?' were the first questions; and 'With what intent?' I replied, that the English
were certainly coming, but with no evil intentions; that it was true they were offended by
the ill usage the captain and people of the Sultana had met with; yet that I had endeavored
to put it in the best light, and had urged that a friendly communication for the future was
better than a retrospect which might give rise to unpleasant feelings: I was sure that the
English desired a friendly intercourse; and I hoped, though I could not say, that they would
look to the future, and not to the past. I had, I added, no authority; but my friendship for
the sultan induced me to inform him what I had heard abroad. When Mr. Bonham came, he would
be able to tell them all; but I could say now that I thought he would demand a treaty between
Singapore and Borneo for the mutual protection of trade, and the care of individuals of each
nation who were shipwrecked or otherwise sought protection at either place.

"On the whole, it is certain that the feelings of Borneo are decidedly friendly, and equally
certain that the persons of influence will receive us in their warmest manner, and grant us
every thing, if we resort only to measures of conciliation. It never can be too often repeated,
that conciliation is the only policy with Malays, and particularly the Borneons, who have very
vague and confused ideas of our power. A harsh truth, a peremptory demand, they have never
heard in their lives, and they will not hear it for the first time and remain friendly; for
all who have the least acquaintance with the native character know their acute sense of false
shame. To demand, therefore, of the chief here to acknowledge our superiority would, I am sure,
be met with a haughty refusal. In a few years, if we proceed mildly to establish a beneficial
influence, they will fall into our views without reserve; for, as I have often before stated,
their government is in the last stage of destruction and decay.

"The reconciliation of Muda Hassim was soon complete; and as to the Kleeses of the Lord Melbourne,
twenty in number, they were at once surrendered to me, with a request that I would forward
them to Singapore as quickly as I could.
