In fact, candor is the basis of our right influence on the natives, and as I wanted to make Pangeran Usop my friend, I went to work candidly, and immediately told him all that I told Sultan to. The value of my conversations are as follows: The first topic is the anticipated visit of the English, 'is the English coming? " 'Was Mr. Bonham coming? " is the first question, and 'To what purpose? " I replied, that English is definitely coming, but no bad intentions, it is true that they are offended by the captain, and abuse people Sultana met, yet I have endeavored to put it in the best light, and had urged that a friendly communication for the future is better than a memory that may give rise to unpleasant feelings: I am sure that the English would be a friendly intercourse, and I hoped, I can not even say, they will look to the future, and not the past. I had, I added, without power, but my friendship for the Sultan forcing me to let him know what I had heard in other countries. When Mr. Bonham came, she could tell them all, but I can say now that I thought he would demand an agreement between Singapore and Borneo for the mutual protection of trade, and the protection of people every country shipwrecked or otherwise sought protection in either place.

"On the whole, it is certainly the feeling of Borneo are very friendly, consistent and certain people of influence will receive us in their warmest way, and give us every thing, if we only resort measures of reconciliation. It can never be too often repeated, that reconciliation is the only policy Malays, and especially Borneons, with very vague and confused idea of our power. A harsh fact, a final demand, they heard in their lives, and they did not hear it the first time and remain friendly, for all who have any acquaintance with the native character to know their keen awareness false shame. To demand, therefore, the trees here to recognize our superiority is, I am sure, be met with an arrogant refusal. In some years, if we proceed quietly to establish a beneficial influence, it will fall on our vision without reserve, for, as I often have stated before, their government is the last stage of destruction and decay.

"The reconciliation of Muda Hassim was soon after, and as Kleeses of Lord Melbourne, 20 in number, they are simultaneously surrendered to me, with a request that I want to forward them to Singapore as soon as I could .
