Here are the objects for man's first
lesson. Just now the wise man of this world, a skeptic, asks the question, Could not the first
man, with all these objects before him, learn by the use of reason the fact that all these
objects originated from a creator? And if he could he certainly needed no revelation, for,
reasoning from nature up to nature's God, he might then, from the order, beauty and harmony
of all, reach the idea of his character, and from this deduce a knowledge of his will, and
if so a revelation was not necessary. This seems to me very clear, and you often say "the clear
is the true." This is my reason for rejecting the idea that a revelation was ever made.

Will you, Mr. Christian, grapple with this? I would with pleasure if there was anything in
it to grapple with, but you will see nothing real in your premises, for objects teach nothing
without an instructor. There lies a brick, pick it up and examine its surface closely; do you,
from it, reach the idea of its maker? No. Yet I know it must have been made, for I have seen
other bricks made, and this resembles them. Very well. Did you ever see worlds made, and, if
so, does our earth resemble them? But when you saw those bricks made were there not several
men engaged in their manufacture, as well as horses? There is no analogy in your premises;
you beg the question entirely; you take the whole foundation for granted; your argument is
"as clear as mud."

Had you seen others made by only one maker, then and only then could you by analogy have reached
even the idea that ours was made also. Also, the makers of those bricks may have been of the
most base and malignant disposition, for you can learn nothing of their disposition from the
bricks; they only testify of the skill of their makers--this is all. Do you not see that you
give me nothing to grapple with? The truth is this, nature gives you no sufficient foundation
for religion. Revelation must of necessity furnish us with that. Without revelation no one
can learn of the existence and character of God. The knowledge of his existence, power and
wisdom might excite reverence, but this alone could not bring man's religious powers into activity.
To this must be added the knowledge of his goodness and kindness towards, and his love of,
those who are required to worship him.
