These are the first-class objects of man. Just now the wise man of this world, a skeptic asks the question: Could not the first man, with all these objects before him, learn from the use of reason that all these objects came from a creator? And if I could certainly did not need the revelation, then, the reasoning of the nature of God in nature, could then, from the order, beauty and harmony of all, get to the idea of his character, and thus infer knowledge of his will, and if so, a revelation was not necessary. This seems very clear, and often say that "the truth is clear." This is my reason for rejecting the idea that a revelation was ever made.

Do you, Mr. Christian, deal with it? I'd be happy if there was anything in it to deal with, but you will not see anything real in its facilities, for objects without an instructor to teach anything. There is a brick, pick up and examine its surface area, is not it, it, get to the idea of their creator? No. However, I know I must have been done, because I've seen other bricks fact, what they think. Very good. Have you ever seen worlds done, and if so, does our country look like them? But when he saw the bricks were there several men not involved in their manufacture, and horses? There is no analogy in their facilities, you pose the question completely, you take everything for granted the foundation, his argument is "as clear as mud."

Have you seen others made by only one manufacturer, then and only then could, by analogy, have gone even to the idea that ours was also made. In addition, the manufacturers of the bricks may have been more basic layout and evil, so you can learn anything from your choice of bricks, but only testify on the ability of its creators - that's all. Do not you give me nothing to deal with? The truth is this, nature does not give any sufficient basis for religion. Revelation is necessarily that we provide. Without revelation can not learn of the existence and nature of God. The knowledge of its existence, the power and wisdom could excite reverence, but that alone could not provide religious powers of man into activity. To this we must add the knowledge of his goodness and kindness, and love for those who are forced to worship him.
