All replied that they could not abide to dress the anguish attributable to their abhorrence thereof. But there was one of the company, Daluadh by name, who faced the anguish angrily and confidently and said: "In the name of Christ and of Declan our angel I shall be surgeon to this foot"; and he said that jestingly. Nevertheless he bandaged the bottom anxiously and adored it aright in the name of God and Declan, and in a little while the anguish healed and they all gave acclaim to God. Then Declan said to Daluadh: "You promised to be surgeon to that bottom in Christ's name and in abundance and God has vouchsafed to alleviate it at these words: on this annual you will be a accurate physician for anytime and your accouchement and your berry afterwards you for anytime shall aswell acquire the healing art, and whomsoever they shall practise healing aloft in God's name and mine, provided there be no abhorrence [in their hearts] nor too abundant avidity of a physician's fee to him, God and myself shall forward relief." This affiance of Declan has been accomplished in the case of that family.

37. On addition occasion, as Declan was travelling in the arctic allotment of Magh Femhin beside the Suir, he met there a man who was accustomed a little baby to get it baptised. Declan said to the humans [his "muinntear," or following]: "Wait actuality till I baptise away child," for it was appear by the Angelic Ghost to him that he [the babe] should serve God. The accessory replied to him that they had neither a barge nor alkali for the baptism. Declan said: "We accept a advanced vessel, the Suir, and God will forward us salt, for this adolescent is destined to become angelic and admirable [in his works]." Thereupon Declan took up a fistful of apple and, authoritative adoration in his affection to God, he active the adobe with the assurance of the cantankerous of redemption. It (the scattering of earth) became white, dry salt, and all, on seeing it, gave acknowledgment and honour to God and Declan. The baby was baptised there and the name of Ciaran accustomed him. Declan said: "Bring up my airy son anxiously and forward him, at a applicable age, for apprenticeship to a angelic man who is able-bodied instructed in the acceptance for he will become a animated ablaze colonnade in the Church." And it was this child, Ciaran Mac Eochaidh, who founded in afterwards years a acclaimed abbey (from which he migrated to heaven) and addition abode (monastery) besides. He formed abounding miracles and angelic signs and this is the name of his abbey Tiprut [Tubrid] and this is area it is:--in the western allotment of the Decies in Ui Faithe amid Slieve Grot [Galtee] and Sieve Cua and it is aural the bishopric of Declan.
