Often had she dreaded for him one of the accidents
against which Providence does not invariably protect the drunkard. Now the accident had arrived,
she was fain to be ignorant of the manner of it. Her new guardian, again, was obviously a gentleman;
he treated her with perfect politeness and respect, and, from the evening of the day when she
left school, she had been in the charge of that apparently correct chaperon, the handsome housekeeper
with the disapproving countenance. Mr. Cranley had even given up to her his own rooms in Victoria
Square, and had lodged elsewhere; his exact address Margaret did not know. The only really
delicate point--Cranley's assumption of the name of "Mr. Lithgow"--he frankly confessed to
her as soon as they were well out of the Dovecot. He represented that, for the fulfilment of
her father's last wish, the ruse of the telegram and the assumed name had been necessary, though
highly repugnant to the feelings of an officer and a gentleman. Poor Margaret had seen nothing
of gentlemen, except as philanthropists, and (as we know) philanthropists permit themselves
a license and discretion not customary in common society.

Finally, even had the girl's suspicions been awakened, her illness prevented her from too closely
reviewing the situation. She was with her father's friend, an older man by far, and therefore
a more acceptable guardian than Maitland. She was fulfilling her father's wish, and hoped soon
to be put in the way of independence, and of earning her own livelihood; and independence was
Margaret's ideal.

Her father's friend, her own protector--in that light she regarded Cranley, when she was well
enough to think consecutively. There could be no more complete hallucination. Cranley was one
of those egotists who do undoubtedly exist, but whose existence, when they are discovered,
is a perpetual surprise even to the selfish race of men. In him the instinct of self-preservation
(without which the race could not have endured for a week) had remained absolutely unmodified,
as it is modified in the rest of us, by thousands of years of inherited social experience.
Cran-ley's temper, in every juncture, was precisely that of the first human being who ever
found himself and other human beings struggling in a flood for a floating log that will only
support one of them.
