Often had she  feared  for him one of the  misfortunes   contrary to  which Providence does not  always   defend  the drunkard. Now the  misfortune  had  reached,  she was fain to be ignorant of the  kind  of it. Her new guardian,  afresh,  was  conspicuously  a gentleman; he treated her with  flawless  politeness and  esteem,  and, from the  night  of the day when she left school, she had been in the  ascribe  of that  evidently  correct chaperon, the handsome housekeeper with the  condemning  countenance. Mr. Cranley had even  granted  up to her his own rooms in Victoria Square, and had lodged elsewhere; his  accurate  address Margaret did not know. The only  actually   dainty  point--Cranley's assumption of the  title  of "Mr. Lithgow"--he  candidly  confessed to her  when  they were well out of the Dovecot. He  comprised  that, for the fulfilment of her father's last  desire,  the  con  of the telegram and the  presumed   title  had been  essential,  though highly repugnant to the  sentiments  of an  agent  and a gentleman. Poor Margaret had  glimpsed   not anything  of gentlemen, except as philanthropists, and (as we know) philanthropists  allow  themselves a  permit  and discretion not  accustomed  in  widespread  society. 
            Finally, even had the girl's suspicions been awakened, her  sickness   stopped  her from too  nearly   reconsidering  the situation. She was with her father's  ally,  an older man by far, and  thus  a more  agreeable  guardian than Maitland. She was fulfilling her father's  desire,  and  wanted   shortly  to be put in the way of  self-reliance,  and of  making  her own livelihood; and  self-reliance  was Margaret's ideal. 
     Her father's  ally,  her own protector--in that  lightweight  she  considered  Cranley, when she was well  sufficient  to  believe  consecutively. There could be  nothing less   entire  hallucination. Cranley was one of those egotists who  manage  undoubtedly  live,  but whose  reality,  when they are  found out,  is a perpetual  shock  even to the  self-centred   rush  of men. In him the  gut feeling  of self-preservation (without which the  rush  could not have endured for a week) had  stayed   wholeheartedly  unmodified, as it is  changed  in  remainder  of us, by thousands of years of inherited  communal  experience. Cran-ley's temper, in every juncture, was  accurately  that of the first human being who ever  discovered  himself and other human beings  labouring  in a  inundate  for a  bobbing  log that will only support one of them.
