* * * * * 

COCKNEY CLASSICS.--Of the Guildhall Loan Collection, Mr. Deputy HORA is the Chairman. As a Assistant should be a delegate officer--except, maybe, in the case of a "Depitty Sawbones," vide Sam Weller--the provisional slogan of the Deputy's Ward may well be, "Hora pro nobis." Topic of Discuss, Indian Council Bill; Benches almost filled. Pup and dog, I've well-known the House for nineteen years, and never before saw the similar to. Clarification not found in actuality of CURZON making his maiden dialogue as Minister in charge of Statement, even if that had a few influence at outset. Clever words it proved, our newest Minister having the immense reward of fluency. It was afterward than that while House packed, almost two hours afterward, for in meantime SCHWANN had delivered Address as long as the Ganges, and MACLEAN (who was to come his turn to talk) says, almost as dirty. 

Curious how India seems to influence renowned orators, building them for the time useless, boring, and over all, talkative. Perhaps no topic other than India could join such galaxy of natural orators and debaters. SWIFT MACNEILL, RICHARD TEMPLE, SAMUEL SMITH, OCTAVIUS MORGAN, JULIUS 'ANNIBAL PICTON and SEYMOUR-KEAY--one followed the other as in a necklet of diamonds gem succeeds gem, till the wearied vision can scarce settle on which is the more luminous. SEYMOUR-KEAY was, certainly, too much for the SPEAKER, who thrice called him to organize, the previous occasion by harsh tone and frightening brow that prepared SEYMOUR shake from the height of his boot-heels. 

It was not any of these who packed the House with Members listening carefully to a dialogue on interior dealings of India; it was Mr. G. who performed the wonder. No one anticipated discovering him in this galley; being there, the banks were quickly packed with a mass lost in respect of his strong, speedy, elegant fondle. Hard to say which the most commendable, the superior tallness, far above the littleness of Party clash, from which he surveyed the subject, the attraction of his words or the adroitness with which, without seeming to reprove the admirer who had stimulated the Alteration and the renowned men who were arranged to support it, he sustained the Ministry in their attempt to rebuild the Indian Councils, and recommended that the Amendment should with the entire haste be deposit into the flames.
