* * * * *

CLASSICS Cockney .-- loan collection Guildhall, Mr. Hora is deputy chairman. As deputy chief must be a representative - except perhaps for a "Depitty surgeon," Vide Sat Weller - temporary motto Ward Members could be better, "Hora pro nobis." Subject of debate, Indian Council Bill nearly full banks. Chickens and dogs, I know House of nineteen years and never seen that before. Explanation was found, in fact, made his inaugural Curzon as minister responsible for Bill, although it had some influence at the top. was able speech, the latest minister but with great lucidity. It was later that when the house filled with nearly two hours later, while Schwann Address delivered as long as the Ganges, and MacLean (who was waiting his turn to speak), he says, almost as full mud.

Curious as Romania seems to affect eminent speakers, making them for the time useless, boring, and above all, verbose. Probably no other topic than India could join such speakers born and Debaters galaxy. MACNEILL Swift, Richard Temple, SAMUEL Smith, Octavius Morgan, Annibale Julius "Picton and Seymour-KEAY - one followed another in a diamond necklace jewelry jewelry succeed until tired limited vision can decide which is the brightest. KEAY the Seymour- was indeed too much for SPEAKER, who called to order three times, last time, with harsh and menacing voice that was shaking SEYMOUR leading to elevation of boot heels.

It was none of those who filled the House with members listen attentively to a speech on Indian affairs, which was conducted G. miracle. One does not expect to find in the kitchen, to be there, banks were quickly crowded with a lot lost in admiration of his strong, swift strokes, graceful. Hard to say who the most admirable, lofty height, well above the littleness of party conflict, which oversaw the subject, its charm and dexterity with language, apparently without rebuke follower who moved the amendment and eminent men who were trained stand him, supported the Ministry in their effort to rebuild the Indian Councils, and suggested that the amendment should be made with all haste into the fire.
