JAMES LEWIS                             379

XXVIII. A LEAF FROM MY JOURNAL                  383

    "--It so fell out that certain players
    We o'er-raught on the way: of these we told him;
    And there did seem in him a kind of joy
    To hear of it."

HAMLET.

TRISTRAM SHANDY.

SHADOWS OF THE STAGE.

I.

THE GOOD OLD TIMES.

It is recorded of John Lowin, an actor contemporary with Shakespeare and associated with several
of Shakespeare's greater characters (his range was so wide, indeed, that it included Falstaff,
Henry the Eighth, and Hamlet), that, having survived the halcyon days of "Eliza and our James"
and lingered into the drab and russet period of the Puritans, when all the theatres in the
British islands were suppressed, he became poor and presently kept a tavern, at Brentford,
called The Three Pigeons. Lowin was born in 1576 and he died in 1654--his grave being in London,
in the churchyard of St. Martin-in-the-Fields--so that, obviously, he was one of the veterans
of the stage. He was in his seventy-eighth year when he passed away--wherefore in his last
days he must have been "a mine of memories." He could talk of the stirring times of Leicester,
Drake, Essex, and Raleigh. He could remember, as an event of his boyhood, the execution of
Queen Mary Stuart, and possibly he could describe, as an eye-witness, the splendid funeral
procession of Sir Philip Sidney. He could recall the death of Queen Elizabeth; the advent of
Scottish James; the ruffling, brilliant, dissolute, audacious Duke of Buckingham; the impeachment
and disgrace of Francis Bacon; the production of the great plays of Shakespeare and Ben Jonson;
the meetings of the wits and poets at the Apollo and the Mermaid. He might have personally
known Robert Herrick--that loveliest of the wild song-birds of that golden age. He might have
been present at the burial of Edmund Spenser, in Westminster Abbey--when the poet brothers
of the author of The Faerie Queene cast into his grave their manuscript elegies and the pens
with which those laments had been written. He had acted Hamlet,--perhaps in the author's presence.
He had seen the burning of the old Globe Theatre. He had been, in the early days of Charles
the First, the chief and distinguished Falstaff of the time. He had lived under the rule of
three successive princes; had deplored the sanguinary fate of the martyr-king (for the actors
were almost always royalists); had seen the rise of the Parliament and the downfall of the
theatre; and now, under the Protectorate of Oliver Cromwell, he had become the keeper of an
humble wayside inn.
