JAMES LEWIS 379

XXVIII. A LEAF FROM MY JOURNAL 383

"--It so plummeted out that sure players We o'er-raught on the way: of these we confided him; And there did feel in him a manner of fun To listen of it."

HAMLET.

TRISTRAM SHANDY.

SHADOWS OF THE STAGE.

I.

THE GOOD OLD TIMES.

It is listed of John Lowin, an actor old-fashioned with Shakespeare and related with a figure of of Shakespeare's greater characters (his range was so wide, indeed, that it included Falstaff, Henry the Eighth, and Hamlet), that, having survived the halcyon days of "Eliza and our James" and lingered into the drab and russet term of the Puritans, as shortly as all the theatres in the British islands were suppressed, he became hard upward and presently retained a pub, at Brentford, paged The Three Pigeons. Lowin was born in 1576 and he died in 1654--his serious being in London, in the churchyard of St. Martin-in-the-Fields--so that, obviously, he was one of the veterans of the stage. He was in his seventy-eighth year as shortly as he exceeded away--wherefore in his final days he must have been "a mine of memories." He could confer of the stirring times of Leicester, Drake, Essex, and Raleigh. He could remember, as an occasion of his boyhood, the execution of Queen Mary Stuart, and perhaps he could describe, as an eye-witness, the splendid funeral procession of Sir Philip Sidney. He could remember the mortality of Queen Elizabeth; the advent of Scottish James; the ruffling, bright, dissolute, brave Duke of Buckingham; the impeachment and shame of Francis Bacon; the presentation of the great dramas of Shakespeare and Ben Jonson; the encounters of the wits and poets at the Apollo and the Mermaid. He might have privately known Robert Herrick--that loveliest of the wild song-birds of that golden age. He might have been current at the funeral of Edmund Spenser, in Westminster Abbey--when the poet brothers of the writer of The Faerie Queene cast into his serious their manuscript elegies and the pens with which those regrets had been written. He had behaved Hamlet,--perhaps in the author's presence. He had perceived the flaming of the old Globe Theatre. He had been, in the early days of Charles the First, the chief and discriminated Falstaff of the time. He had existed beneath the govern of three consecutive princes; had complained the sanguinary fate of the martyr-king (for the actors were nearly invariably royalists); had perceived the boom of the Parliament and the downfall of the theatre; and now, beneath the Protectorate of Oliver Cromwell, he had become the keeper of an humble wayside inn.
