And two rows behind them is old Charlie, drop the Covent Garden ',' Holder and Jack Kemp, co-Birchill. Why are everywhere. The investigation had none of this, Rolfe. "

"Kemp should thank his lucky star was not in that job Birchill Riversbrook with Fred," said Rolfe, "as they often work together. And there are Crewe, in the gallery."

"Where?" Inspector Chippenfield exclaimed, with an angry start.

"Up there behind that pillar - not the next. See, he is looking at you."

Crewe drew attention to the inspector, and nodded and smiled in a friendly way, but the inspector returned the greeting Chippenfield with a haughty look.

"The impudence of this chapter is beyond belief," he told his subordinate. "You think they would have to stay away from the court after his futile quest to Scotland and accumulating costs, but not him! Nerve Bronze is the stock in trade of private detective. If Scotland Yard had a little more the insolence of a private detective, Rolfe, we must be more appreciated. "

"I suppose it has been hoping to see the jury acquit Birchill," said Rolfe.

"Certainly," said Inspector Chippenfield. "But he has come to the wrong shop. A jury should convict good without leaving the box if the case is well presented to them by the prosecution. Crewe would like to triumph over us, but it's our turn to win. "

But Chippenfield Inspector was wrong to think that the presence of Crewe in court was due to a desire for the humiliation of their rivals. Crewe had spent most of last night reading and review of case summaries and notes Riversbrook, and his research thoroughly review it. Over several pipes in the early hours of the morning reflected long and deeply into the secret of the murder of Sir Horace Fewbanks, without finding a satisfactory solution, which explained all the strange features of the case. But one thing was certain was that Birchill had not committed the murder. It is based in part on the belief that Butler's confession, and partly from their own discoveries. Hill believed to be a cunning scoundrel who had fooled the police for some purpose of his own accusing Birchill, and that to make his story more likely, was even involved in the robbery as an accomplice is terrified
