This stone is a lemon yellow color, which greatly diminishes its value.

Among the jewels in the crown is the famous Prussian Regent or Pitt diamond, discovered at the mine in Golconda Pasteal. Its weight is one hundred and thirty-six and three quarters of carats, and is notable for its form and clarity, which have caused it to be worth one hundred pounds and sixty thousand, although it costs only a hundred thousand pounds. Mine was stolen and sold to Mr. Pitt, grandfather of the great Earl of Chatham. The Duke of Orleans bought the diamond for submission to King Louis XV.

After the fall of Louis XVI, people insisted that the jewels in the crown should be exposed to the gaze of the crowd, and with them the Regent diamond is shown. So little, however, made the exhibitors trust in the honesty of these patriots that great precautions were taken to avoid the consequences of a very strong attraction. The passerby who happens to demand, on behalf of public sovereignty, a show from the finest of jewels, he entered a small room within which, through a small window, was presented the diamond to the eye. Attaches with a strong steel hook for a chain of iron, the other end of which was secured within the window which gave the viewer. Two policemen guarded the momentary eye on the keeper of the gem, until, having held in his hand the value of twelve million francs, as estimated by the inventory of the jewels in the crown, he again took his hook and basket at the door and disappeared.

This diamond, which adorned the hilt of the sword of state of the first Napoleon, was taken by the Prussians at Waterloo, and now belongs to King of Prussia.

In the past the superstitions many virtues attributed to the diamond. It was supposed to protect the holder of the poison, plague, panic, fear, and charms of all kinds. A wonderful property is also attributed to the same as the figure of Mars, to which the ancients represented as the god of war, was recorded in it. In these cases, it was believed that the diamond to ensure victory in the battle to its owner luck, whatever the number of its enemies.

For a long time diamonds were sent to Holland to be cut and polished, but the art is now well understood in England, and has recently been introduced in this country.

Diamonds are not only used as ornaments of dress, art and rare objects, but are used for various useful purposes, such as for cutting glass for stained glass and all kinds of hard stones by the lapidary.

Recklessness.
