This stone is of a
lemon yellow color, which greatly lessens its value.

Among the Prussian crown jewels is the famous Regent or Pitt diamond, discovered in the Pasteal
mine at Golconda. It weighs one hundred and thirty-six and three-quarters carats, and is remarkable
for its form and clearness, which have caused it to be valued at one hundred and sixty thousand
pounds, although it cost only one hundred thousand pounds. It was stolen from the mine and
sold to Mr. Pitt, grandfather of the great Earl of Chatham. The Duke of Orleans purchased the
diamond for presentation to King Louis the Fifteenth.

After the fall of Louis the Sixteenth, the people insisted that the crown jewels should be
exposed to the gaze of the mob, and with them the Regent diamond was shown. So little, however,
did the exhibitors confide in the honesty of these patriots that great precautions were taken
to prevent the consequences of too strong an attraction. The passer-by who chanced to demand,
in the name of the sovereign people, a sight of the finest of the jewels, entered a small room,
within which, through a little window, the diamond was presented for sight. It was fastened
by a strong steel clasp to an iron chain, the other end of which was secured within the window
through which it was handed to the spectator. Two policemen kept a vigilant watch on the momentary
possessor of the gem, until, having held in his hand the value of twelve millions of francs,
according to the estimate in the inventory of the crown jewels, he again took up his hook and
basket at the door and disappeared.

This diamond, which decorated the hilt of the sword of state of the first Napoleon, was taken
by the Prussians at Waterloo, and now belongs to the King of Prussia.

In former times, superstition attributed to the diamond many virtues. It was supposed to protect
the possessor from poison, pestilence, panic-fear, and enchantments of every kind. A wonderful
property was also ascribed to it when the figure of Mars, whom the ancients represented as
the god of war, was engraved upon it. In such cases the diamond was believed to insure victory
in battle to its fortunate owner, whatever might be the number of his enemies.

For a long time diamonds were sent to Holland to be cut and polished, but this art is now well
understood in England, and has been recently introduced into this country.

Diamonds are not only worn as ornaments of dress, or rare objects of art, but they are employed
for several useful purposes, as for cutting glass by the glazier, and all kinds of hard stones
by the lapidary.

TEMERITY.
