This stone has a lemon yellow, which reduced much of its value.

Among the Prussian Crown Jewels is famous Regent or Pitt diamond, discovered at Golconda mine Easter. It weighs one hundred thirty-six and three-quarter carat, and is remarkable for its form and clarity, which caused her to be assessed one hundred sixty thousand pounds, though it cost only one hundred thousand pounds sterling. It was stolen from mines and sold to Mr. Pitt, grandfather Earl of Chatham sea. Duke of Orleans, bought the diamond for submission to King Louis XV.

After the fall of Louis XVI, people insisted that the crown jewels should be exposed to the gaze mob, and they Regent diamond was shown. So little, however, does not trust the honesty of those patriots exhibitors who have taken great precautions to prevent the consequences of too strong an attraction. Bystander who got the request on behalf of the sovereign people, one of the most beautiful sight of the jewels, entered a small room where, through a small window, the diamond was presented to. It was fixed by a strong steel buckle on a chain of iron, the other end of which was guaranteed in the window which was handed to a spectator. Two policemen kept a vigilant watch on the owner of jeweler since, until, who held in his hand the amount of twelve million francs, according to estimates, the inventory of the crown jewels, he again took his hook and the basket door and disappeared.

This diamond, which decorated the handle of the sword of state of the first Napoleon, was taken by the Prussians at Waterloo, and now belongs to King of Prussia.

In times past, diamond superstition attributed many virtues. Supposed to protect the owner from poison, plague, panic, fear, and enchantments of every kind. A wonderful property was also was awarded when the figure of Mars, which represented the ancient god of war, was engraved on it. In such cases diamond was found to ensure victory in the fight for its lucky owner, would be any number of his enemies.

For a long time diamonds were sent to Holland to be cut and polished, but the art is now well understood in England, and was recently introduced in this country.

Diamonds are not only worn as ornaments of dress, or rare art objects, but they are employed in different purposes as cutting glass glazier, and all kinds of stones drive by stoning.

Temerity.
