This nature of the mediator has had, and is therefore a link between the celestial and terrestrial Trinities, "God with us" [292] has been called.

This being, the fruit of a glorious past universe, can enter the world, with all the perfection of his divine wisdom and love, with all memory of its past power, under the memory to be the perfect assistant Every living thing, knowing all stages, because you have lived, capable of helping at all points, because he has lived through. "As he himself has suffered being tempted, is able to help those who are tempted." [293]

It is in humanity behind it that there is this possibility of divine incarnation, He comes down, after rising in order to help others up the stairs. And we understand these truths, and some of the meaning of the Trinity, up and down, what was once a mere dogma unintelligible drive becomes a living and life-giving truth. Just for the existence of the Trinity in man is intelligible human evolution, and we see how man develops the life of the mind, and then the life of Christ. The fact that the mystique is based, and our sure hope that we will know God. Thus, the sages have taught, and as the tread of the road show, we find that his testimony is true.

CHAPTER X.

PRAYER. [294]

What is sometimes called "the modern spirit" is extremely antagonistic to prayer, see no causal link between the circulation of a petition and the occurrence of an event, while the religious spirit is so closely tied to it, and finds his life in prayer. However, even the religious man sometimes feels uncomfortable about the justification of prayer is that the teaching of wise charity, is urging the All Good, "is altering the will of him" who must change or shadow of turning? "[295] However, he finds in his own experience and that of others," answered the prayer, "a defined sequence of an application and compliance with one.

Many of these do not refer to subjective experiences, but specific facts of the so-called objective world. A man has prayed for money, and since has brought the required amount, a woman has prayed for food and the food has been brought to your door. In relation to charitable companies, especially, there is plenty of evidence support an urgent need prayed for, and responsive and liberal. Moreover, there are also plenty of evidence of unanswered prayers, the hungry starving, children torn from the arms of his mother by the disease, despite the most passionate appeals to God.
