This nature Mediator He survived, and is thus a link between celestial and terrestrial Trinities, "God with us" [292] He was appointed.

As such, the glorious fruits of a past universe can come into the world today, with all the perfection of His divine wisdom and love, all memory of the past capable, under the perfect memory for each Helper is alive, knowing each stage, as he lived, may help you at every point, because he experienced it. "In that he has not suffered being tempted, He is able to help them that are tempted." [293]

It is the humanity that lies behind the possibility of divine incarnation, He comes down, having climbed in order to help others to climb the ladder. And as I understand these truths, and some of the meaning of the Trinity, the above and below what was once a simple dogma unintelligible becomes a hard life and vivifying truth. Only the existence of the Trinity in man is intelligible human evolution, and we see how life evolves man of intellect, and then life of Christ. Mysticism is based on that, and certainly our hope that we will know God. Thus, the Sages taught, and as we tread path they show, we found that their testimony is true.

CHAPTER X.

PRAYER [294.]

What is sometimes called "modern spirit" is very antagonistic to pray, not to see any causal link between the circulation of a petition and an event happens while the religious spirit is as strongly attached to it , and finds its very life in prayer. However, even religious man sometimes feels uneasy regarding the reason for prayer, teaching is his beneficence All-wise, he is calling on all good is from Him it will change to "not change, neither shadow of turning? "[295] However, he finds his own experience and that of others' answers to prayer," final sequence of requests and fulfillment.

Many of them relate to subjective experiences, but the hard facts of so-called objective world. A man asked for money and the post has the required amount, a woman prayed for food, and food was brought to her door. In connection with charitable undertakings, in particular, there is plenty of evidence to support prayed in urgent need, and rapid response and liberal. On the other hand, there are also plenty of evidence of unanswered prayers, the hungry starve, child snatched from his mother's arms by disease, despite the passionate call of God.
