This nature of
the Mediator He has retained, and is thus a link between the celestial and terrestrial Trinities,
"God with us"[292] He has ever been called.

Such a Being, the glorious fruit of a past universe, can come into the present world with all
the perfection of His divine Wisdom and Love, with all the memory of His past, able by virtue
of that memory to be the perfect Helper of every living Being, knowing every stage because
He has lived it, able to help at every point because He has experienced all. "In that He Himself
hath suffered being tempted, He is able to succour them that are tempted."[293]

It is in the humanity behind Him that lies this possibility of divine Incarnation; He comes
down, having climbed up, in order to help others to climb the ladder. And as we understand
these truths, and something of the meaning of the Trinity, above and below, what was once a
mere hard unintelligible dogma becomes a living and vivifying truth. Only by the existence
of the Trinity in man is human evolution intelligible, and we see how man evolves the life
of the intellect, and then the life of the Christ. On that fact mysticism is based, and our
sure hope that we shall know God. Thus have the Sages taught, and as we tread the Path they
show, we find that their testimony is true.

CHAPTER X.

PRAYER.[294]

What is sometimes called "the modern spirit" is exceedingly antagonistic to prayer, failing
to see any causal nexus between the uttering of a petition and the happening of an event, whereas
the religious spirit is as strongly attached to it, and finds its very life in prayer. Yet
even the religious man sometimes feels uneasy as to the rationale of prayer; is he teaching
the All-wise, is he urging beneficence on the All-Good, is he altering the will of Him in "whom
is no variableness, neither shadow of turning?"[295] Yet he finds in his own experience and
in that of others "answers to prayer," a definite sequence of a request and a fulfilment.

Many of these do not refer to subjective experiences, but to hard facts of the so-called objective
world. A man has prayed for money, and the post has brought him the required amount; a woman
has prayed for food, and food has been brought to her door. In connection with charitable undertakings,
especially, there is plenty of evidence of help prayed for in urgent need, and of speedy and
liberal response. On the other hand, there is also plenty of evidence of prayers left unanswered;
of the hungry starving to death, of the child snatched from its mother's arms by disease, despite
the most passionate appeals to God.
