Contents

Introduction

Chapter One-Problem of the falling birthrate p.1

It is predicted by Malthus that heightened awareness of one's body and sexual morality has resulted in the decrease of births everywhere especially in New Zealand. Food production rates are rising ironically in tandem to the falling birthrates. Malthus believes that this growing trend has to do with the practice of self-control and limitations of the individual. There is a rise in those who want to be free from family obligations and duty.They feel that only the poor would try to have more births and that good citizens practice self-restraint in this aspect. It is human nature for the poorer and weaker humans to try to reproduce to ensure survival of their own kind. However, this poses a problem to society. Surgical procedures have been put in place for birth control. 



Chapter Two- Population in question p.10

The teachings of Greek philosophers Aristotle and Plato 
The teaching of Malthus and his critics

Bonar elaborated on Malthus and his work. Nitti refuted Malthus on his theory that the increase in food rates affect the fall in birthrates.
Spencer's pessimistic biological theory that women's childbearing facility determines the maximum birthrate   
Moral restraint and its broader definition
Laws of the economy depend on biological factors.


Chapter Three- Falling birthrates p.26

A fruitful and fertile marriage is necessary to counter the fast decline in birthrates. The relationship between birthrates and prosperity before and after 1877 in consideration. The Statistics of Hearts of Oak Friendly Society states that there is an increasing trend of parents practising birth control.   

Chapter Four- Measures taken p.32
The New Zealand lesson should highlight the importance of family responsibilty to reproduce and prevent the problem, which is fortunately not too complicated. The issues on hand include tackling the issue of the abortion practice and the innate human desire for comfort and happiness.
