CONTENT.

INTRODUCTION

CHAPTER I. - THE problem stated p. 1

The prevalence of moral restraint as a check .-- predicted by Malthus .-- The declining birth rate .-- its universality .-- Most conspicuous in New Zealand. Huge increase in food production .-- With rising food prices rate declining birthrate .-- Malthus's checks .-- His use of the term "moral restraint." - The increasing desire to escape family obligations .-- Dispersion of physiological knowledge .-- All limitation involves self-restraint .-- Motives for limiting .-- Those who do and those who do not limit .-- Poverty and fertility .-- Defective lush and propagate their kind .-- Moral restraint is assumed to include all sexual acts designed to limit families .-- Power of self-control an attribute of the best citizens .-- his absence an attribute of the worst .-- humanism increases the number and protects life Defective .--The relationship between unfit to care for .-- its dangers to the State .-- Antiquity of the problem .-- The teaching of the old .-- Surgical methods already advocated.

CHAPTER II .-- THE POPULATION QUESTION p. 10

The teaching of Aristotle and Plato .-- The teaching of Malthus .-- His assailants .-- Their illogical attitude .-- Bonar on Malthus and his work .-- The increase of food supplies by Nitti to refute Malthus .-- The increase in Food and decrease of births .-- Mr. Spencer biological theory - Maximum birth rate is determined by the female ability to bear children .-- The pessimism Spencer Law .-- broader definition of moral restraint .-- What Malthus did not anticipate the future .- - Economic Law operative only through biological law.

CHAPTER III .-- declining birthrate p. 26

Falling birth rates quick and persistent .-- Food costs in New Zealand .-- Relation of birth rate of wealth before and after 1877 .-- Neo-Malthusian propaganda .-- Marriage rate and fertility of marriage .-- Statistics of Hearts of Oak Friendly Society .-- Deliberate desire of parents to limit family growth.

CHAPTER IV .-- MEANS ADOPTED p. 32

Family responsibilities - Natural fertility undiminished .-- Voluntary Prevention and physiological knowledge .-- New Zealand experience .-- Decreasing effect of delayed marriage .-- pursuit of abortion .-- Popular sympathy in Criminal .-- Failure to complicate matters in New Zealand .-- Colonial desire for comfort and happiness.
