
CONTENTS.

INTRODUCTION

CHAPTER I.--THE PROBLEM STATED      p. 1

The spread of moral restraint as a check.--Predicted by Malthus.--The declining Birth-rate.--Its
Universality.--Most conspicuous in New Zealand. Great increase in production of food.--With
rising food rate falling birth-rate.--Malthus's checks.--His use of the term "moral restraint."--The
growing desire to evade family obligations.--Spread of physiological knowledge.--All limitation
involves self-restraint.--Motives for limitation.--Those who do and those who do not limit.--Poverty
and the Birth-rate.--Defectives prolific and propagate their kind.--Moral restraint held to
include all sexual interference designed to limit families.--Power of self-control an attribute
of the best citizens.--Its absence an attribute of the worst.--Humanitarianism increases the
number and protects the lives of defectives.--The ratio of the unfit to the fit.--Its dangers
to the State.--Antiquity of the problem.--The teaching of the ancients.--Surgical methods already
advocated.

CHAPTER II.--THE POPULATION QUESTION     p. 10

The teaching of Aristotle and Plato.--The teaching of Malthus.--His assailants.--Their illogical
position.--Bonar on Malthus and his work.--The increase of food supplies held by Nitti to refute
Malthus.--The increase of food and the decrease of births.--Mr. Spencer's biological theory--Maximum
birth-rate determined by female capacity to bear children.--The pessimism of Spencer's law.--Wider
definition of moral restraint.--Where Malthus failed to anticipate the future.--Economic law
operative only through biological law.

CHAPTER III.--DECLINING BIRTH-RATE       p. 26

Declining birth-rates rapid and persistent.--Food cost in New Zealand.--Relation of birth-rate
to prosperity before and after 1877.--Neo-Malthusian propaganda.--Marriage rates and fecundity
of marriage.--Statistics of Hearts of Oak Friendly Society.--Deliberate desire of parents to
limit family increase.

CHAPTER IV.--MEANS ADOPTED      p. 32

Family responsibility--Natural fertility undiminished.--Voluntary prevention and physiological
knowledge.--New Zealand experience.--Diminishing influence of delayed marriage.--Practice of
abortion.--Popular sympathy in criminal cases.--Absence of complicating issues in New Zealand.--Colonial
desire for comfort and happiness.
