CONTENTS.

INTRODUCTION

CHAPTER I - PROBLEM said P. 1

Spread the moral constraint as a check .-- Malthus predicted the decline .-- .-- .-- universality birth was most evident in New Zealand. Great in increased production of food .-- growth rate of food falling birth .-- .-- Malthus checks use the term "moral restraint." - The growing desire to escape family obligations .-- Spread physiological knowledge .-- All limitation involves self-restraint .-- .-- The reasons for limitation and those who do not .-- .-- poverty and Their birth and spread .-- Defectives prolific nature held moral restraint to include sexual interference power to limit families .-- self attribute of the best citizens .-- his absence one of the biggest attribute. - increase the number of humanitarianism and protecting life .- defectives, ratio of disabled to match the dangers to the State .-- .-- .-- ancient problem of the ancients .-- surgical teaching already claimed.

CHAPTER II .-- p. 10 POPULATION QUESTION

Teaching of Aristotle and Plato teaching .-- Malthus's attack .-- .-- .-- Bonar their illogical position on Malthus and his work .-- growth of food supplies held by Nitti reject Malthus .-- Increasing food and decreased birth .-- Mr. Spencer's biological theory - maximum birth rate determined by the ability of women to bear children pessimism .-- .-- Spencer's law broader definition of moral restraint .-- Where Malthus failed to anticipate future operational .-- economically only by biological law regulations.

CHAPTER III .-- declining birthrate p. 26

Rapid and persistent decrease in birth rate in New Zealand food cost .-- .-- The relationship between fertility and prosperity before 1877 by the neo-Malthusian propaganda .-- Marriage .-- rates and fecundity of marriage .-- Statistics of Hearts of Oak Friendly Society .-- deliberate desire of parents to limit family growth.

CHAPTER IV .-- means adopted p. 32

Family Responsibility - natural fertility undiminished voluntary prevention and physiological knowledge .-- .-- .-- New Zealand experience delayed marriage .-- Diminishing influence abortion practice in criminal cases sympathy recommended .-- .-- Absence of complicating issues New Zealand .-- Colonial desire for comfort and happiness.
