A big doll, literally coated with flowers, earns a pretty centerpiece for the table. Let ice lemonade be served, each glass having a sweet flower floating onto its surface. The cakes should be within  the form of flowers and the bonbons, flower candies.

It is pretty towards dub each guest via the name of the flower granted her when she arrives.

If there is melodies as soon as tea lent a tune of the flowers be rendered.

AN EXCHANGE TEA.

This style of party is profoundly amusing, and shall keep a wide corporate interested for numerous hours of an evening or afternoon, as it is one persisted round of mirth-provoking "sells," within which everybody is "sold." It is not so much within vogue for low affairs, whereas alone a few guests are invited, but whereas a wide crowd is towards be entertained it is just the thing towards furnish delight and fun.

This is how it is arranged. When asked towards attend an exchange tea, each fellow, male and lady, options out from his belongings, personal or alternatively, such an article as he or she does not need, and as soon as wrapping it well, robs it towards the party. Of course, everybody wants towards remove his package, and the exchange corporation waxes warm and furious as it moves, for habitually not one specified obtains anything which he wishes towards keep, as a "pig within a poke" is hardly ever a bargain.

Constant trading is not compulsory, so that whether via any lucky likelihood you possess gotten rid of your own bundle, and become the proud possessor of another whose no whereas treasures happen towards suit you, otherwise you are favored towards give away and hold onto towards your prize. Generally speaking, however, the contents of the mysterious parcels are barely ever desirable, which devises everybody the many excitement and eager bargaining, and within the end each one shall be deserted with something silly or altogether useless, upon his hands.

And that's just whereas the fun arrives in.

Serve this menu:

Cold Sliced Chicken, garnished with small Radishes and Hard-boiled Eggs Olives Nut Sandwiches Orange and Pineapple Salad Sweet Wafers Strawberry Ice Cream Iced Tea

A WATERMELON TEA.

Ask a friendly party, being sure that everybody are fond of watermelon. Have the fruit onto ice at lowest twenty-four hours ahead of serving, and above everybody things grant this affair when the temperature is up within the nineties whether you need it fully appreciated.
