A big doll, literally covered with flowers,
makes a pretty centerpiece for the table. Let ice lemonade be served, each glass having a sweet
flower floating on its surface. The cakes should be in the form of flowers and the bonbons,
flower candies.

It is pretty to call each guest by the name of the flower given her when she arrives.

If there is music after tea let a song of the flowers be rendered.

AN EXCHANGE TEA.

This style of party is intensely amusing, and will keep a large company interested for several
hours of an evening or afternoon, as it is one continued round of mirth-provoking "sells,"
in which everybody is "sold." It is not so much in vogue for small affairs, where only a few
guests are invited, but where a large crowd is to be entertained it is just the thing to furnish
enjoyment and fun.

This is how it is arranged. When requested to attend an exchange tea, each person, male and
female, picks out from his belongings, personal or otherwise, such an article as he or she
does not want, and after wrapping it well, takes it to the party. Of course, everybody desires
to get rid of his parcel, and the exchange business waxes warm and furious as it progresses,
for usually not one individual obtains anything which he wishes to keep, as a "pig in a poke"
is scarcely ever a bargain.

Constant exchanging is not compulsory, so that if by any lucky chance you have gotten rid of
your own bundle, and become the proud possessor of another whose hidden treasures happen to
suit you, then you are privileged to stop and hold on to your prize. Generally speaking, however,
the contents of the mysterious parcels are hardly ever desirable, which creates all the more
excitement and enthusiastic bargaining, and in the end each one will be left with something
ridiculous or utterly useless, upon his hands.

And that's just where the fun comes in.

Serve this menu:

  Cold Sliced Chicken, garnished with tiny Radishes and Hard-boiled
      Eggs
  Olives
  Nut Sandwiches
  Orange and Pineapple Salad
  Sweet Wafers
  Strawberry Ice Cream
  Iced Tea

A WATERMELON TEA.

Ask a congenial party, being sure that all are fond of watermelon. Have the fruit on ice at
least twenty-four hours before serving, and above all things give this affair when the temperature
is up in the nineties if you want it fully appreciated.
