
Grayson found the book and the place, and read:--

    "Two minutes' rest till the next man goes in!
     The tired arms lie with every sinew slack
     On the mown grass.   Unbent the supple back,
     And elbows apt to make the leather spin
     Up the slow bat and round the unwary shin,--
     In knavish hands a most unkindly knack;
     But no guile shelters under the boy's black
     Crisp hair, frank eyes, and honest English skin.
     Two minutes only!  Conscious of a name,
     The new man plants his weapon with profound
     Long-practised skill that no mere trick may scare.
     Not loth, the rested lad resumes the game:
     The flung ball takes one maddening, tortuous bound,
     And the mid-stump three somersaults in air!"

"Topping!" the Boy ejaculated.  "Who wrote it?"

"His name was Lefroy.  He died young.  He left Oxford a few years before we went up.  And I
think," continued Verinder, musing, "that I, who detest making acquaintances, would give at
this moment a considerable sum to have known him.  Well," he continued, turning to me and puffing
at his pipe, "so you warn Grayson and me that we must prepare to relinquish these and all the
other delights sung by Lefroy and Norman Gale and that other poet--anonymous, but you know
the man--in his incomparable parody of Whitman: 'the perfect feel of a fourer'--

    "'The thousand melodious cracks, delicious cracks, the responsive
     echoes of my comrades and the hundred thence resulting runs,
     passionately yearned for, never, never again to be forgotten.

    "'Overhead meanwhile the splendid silent sun, blending all, fusing
     all, bathing all in floods of soft ecstatic perspiration.'

"--To all this we must say good-bye.  And what do you offer us in exchange?"

"Merely the old consolation that life is short, art is long; that while you grow old, cricket
in other hands will be working out its perfection, and your son, when you have one, will start
with higher ideals than you ever dreamed of."

"And this perfection--will it ever be attained?"

"I dare say never.  For perhaps we may say after Plato, and without irreverence, that the pattern
of perfect cricket is laid up somewhere in the skies, and out of man's reach.  But between
it and ordinary cricket we may set up a copy of perfection, as close as man can make it, and,
by little and little, closer every year.  This copy will be preserved, and cared for, and advanced,
by those professional cricketers against whom the unthinking have so much to say; by these
and by the few amateurs who, as time goes on, will be found able to bear the strain.
