Grayson located the book and the site, and read:--

"Two minutes' lie down till the next man goes in! The sleepy arms lie with every sinew slack On the mown grass. Unbent the supple back, And elbows apt towards earn the leather revolve Up the slow bat and round the unwary shin,-- In knavish hands a most unkindly knack; But none guile secures below the boy's black Crisp hair, frank eyes, and sincere English skin. Two minutes only! Conscious of a name, The novel man plants his weapon with profound Long-practised expertise that none mere magic may scare. Not loth, the rested lad resumes the game: The thrown ball robs one maddening, tortuous attached, And the mid-stump three somersaults within air!"

"Topping!" the Boy ejaculated. "Who wrote it?"

"His name was Lefroy. He died young. He deserted Oxford a few years ahead of we went up. And I think," persisted Verinder, musing, "that I, whom loath making contacts, would grant at this moment a extensive sum towards possess known him. Well," he persisted, cornering towards me and puffing at his pipe, "so you warn Grayson and me that we ought prepare towards relinquish these and everybody the else treats sung via Lefroy and Norman Gale and that else poet--anonymous, but you know the man--in his incomparable parody of Whitman: 'the heavenly feel of a fourer'--

"'The thousand melodious gaps, delicious gaps, the responsive echoes of my comrades and the hundred thence resulting operates, passionately yearned for, never, never again towards be forgotten.

"'Overhead meanwhile the splendid quiet sun, blending everybody, fusing everybody, washing everybody within floods of gentle ecstatic perspiration.'

"--To everybody this we ought say good-bye. And what do you bid ourselves within exchange?"

"Merely the old consolation that life is short, art is long; that whilst you evolve old, cricket within else hands shall be working out its perfection, and your son, when you possess one, shall activate with upper values than you ever dreamed of."

"And this perfection--will it ever be attained?"

"I dare say never. For possibly we may say as soon as Plato, and without irreverence, that the pattern of heavenly cricket is laid up somewhere within the skies, and out of man's reach. But between it and ordinary cricket we may predetermined up a mimic of perfection, as finish as man can earn it, and, via little and little, closer every year. This mimic shall be stored, and nursed, and gained, via those businesswoman cricketers against whom the unthinking possess so much towards say; via these and via the few amateurs whom, as moment goes onto, shall be located able towards carry the strain.
