Burial ceremonies.

When Raja or a person dies in consequence burial usually takes several months, that is, the body is kept unburied until neighboring and remote heads, or, in common cases, relations and died creditors may be convened to to celebrate the rites with becoming dignity and respect. Perhaps planting season or harvest occurs and the necessary avocations must be before burial ceremonies can be done. However, while the body is deposited in a kind of coffin. To provide this, they fell a large tree (preferably Anau because of softness of the central part, while the hard outer layer), and, having cut a part of the stem of sufficient length, they divided two parts, blank, each side to form a container body, and then fit them together right. Workers should take care to sprinkle the blood of a pig wood youth, whose meat is given to them as a treatment. Coffin thus prepared and brought home the body is placed in it with a mat below, and a cloth laid over it. If the family can afford the expense is sprinkled with camphor. Who have now brought the two sides in close contact with their arms linked, and fully covered with a thick layer of DAMMARIE or resin. In some cases they take the precaution of inserting a bamboo tube, the bottom, which then passed through the ground floor, serves to carry off the offensive matter, so that in fact little more than bones remain.

If the relations and friends assembled, each bringing with him a buffalo, pig, goat, dog, bird or other article of provision, according to his ability, and women baskets of rice, which are presented and put ok, feasting begins and continues for nine days and nights, or as long as provisions resist. , The last of these days the coffin is carried out to establish an open space where is surrounded by bocitorii female on her knees, her head covered, and yelled (ululantes) in concert poor, while those younger family are dancing near it, in solemn movement, the sound of gongs, kalintangs, and a kind of flageolet; night is returned to the house, where dancing and music continues, with frequent burning of weapons as well as tenth day the body is carried to the grave, preceded by the guru or priest, whose limbs are tattooed in the shape of birds and animals and painted different colors, * with a large wooden mask on his face.
