Americans are all too familiar with the evils of slavery to all it to exist against Chinese women.  When applied to social vices, age of consent legislation is one thing, when the legislation is applied to slavery, a totally different and epidemic problem exists. Speaking from the Supreme Court of Hong Kong, Sir John Smale quoted Sir R. Phillimore on International Law (vol1., p.316) and opined that  one cannot "become a slave even by his own consent."  If the consent or lack thereof had been considered with respect to black slaves in America, it is probable that black slaves would not have found freedom.  Although prostitution is intertwined with involuntary servitude, which is a condition suffered by Chinese women and girls in California, only approximately one half of those individuals in slavery are prostitutes. It is foolish to ask these individuals for their consent in these matters because, regrettably, they are unable to provide meaningful opposition due to the fact that they have been immersed in the vice since birth. 

It has been shown that each Chinese girl who escapes servitude to the city of refuge (the mission home) is welcomed with open arms.  It has been shown that the escapees and those who help them are forced to run for their lives, but it has also been shown that those who would hold the girls into slavery, in the face of rescuers, often resign themselves to their captives' new found freedom. In the United States, citizens often boast that they live in a land of freedom, where slavery is a thing of the past. However, it cannot be said that the entire country is a house of refuge, as, if we are to boast in earnest, it should be. To the contrary, too many turn a blind eye to the indiscretions occurring on a daily basis. In order to truly live honestly free, Americans should and must either eliminate slavery of all kinds (even where it is "discrete"), or, in the alternative, refrain from boasting about freedom. There is no freedom if there is not freedom for all. Talking about this issue is a start, but it is not enough. In order to truly be a free nation, the women and girls must be immediately removed from brothels and houses of servitude; their consent or lack thereof is not a factor for consideration. They should be removed from their captors and educated as to the freedom for which this nation stands. If the women still then desire a life of servitude, there will be no choice other than to let them leave the United States to pursue a life of slavery elsewhere.
