Slavery is too formidable an evil for free Americans to allow
its existence on the consent of enslaved Chinese women. Age of consent legislation, as applied
to the question of social vice, is one thing, and consent as applied to the question of slavery,
quite another thing. Sir John Smale, in the Supreme Court of Hong Kong, quoting from Sir R.
Phillimore on International law (vol. I, p. 316), declared that it was not possible for a human
being legally to "become a slave even by his own consent." Had the matter of consent or non-consent
of slaves been consulted as to negro slavery, we have no reason for believing that the negro
would ever have had his freedom. Though prostitution is entangled with the conditions of servitude,
under which Chinese women and girls groan in California, yet only about half the slaves are
as yet prostitutes, and slavery looms up so large against the western sky, as compared with
the mere consent or wish of a creature brought up from babyhood in familiarity with vice, that
to consult the option of such an one in determining the existence or non-existence of slavery
in America, is a thing that ought not to be tolerated for a moment.

We have shown how every Chinese girl who has escaped from her servitude to the city of refuge,--the
mission home,--is received and welcomed. How the rescued and rescuer run the race for dear
life, and the pursuers are obliged to turn back at the door. But what a state of things in
this country which we call free! Should not the entire country be one great city of refuge?
Do we not pretend that it is such to all who are oppressed? Why should not the pursuer be turned
back at the Golden Gate, rather than at the door of an exceptional home in San Francisco? We
are fond of saying that under the stars and stripes slavery cannot exist. We must make it good,
or acknowledge, in dust and ashes of repentance, that we are hypocrites. Idle words will not
do in place of deeds; we must make good our profession at any cost. Everyone of these Chinese
women should be removed from the brothels, wherever these exist, consent or no consent, placed
in houses of detention, instructed as to the condition of liberty of the person in which she
must live, and then, if she prefers a slave's life, he deported to China,--a land in which
slavery is permitted. Every Chinese man who attempts to interfere with this radical treatment
of the situation, should be imprisoned or driven from the country. These "Watch-dogs," who
are perfectly known to the police, both by name and by face, should be put behind bars and
in stripes, for a long time to come.
