According to these view represented by the Government of the United States, especially in particular transactions, proceedings and in uninvestigated charges like bribery, attempted bribery, corruption, fraud, or misconduct amounting to fraud, as per rule, the commission had not been allowed to use its name, the any other name of its officers or members in related with any kind of diploma, certificate or other evidence of award.   
According to the position of your company, as per announcement and quotations made through a letter dated 8th November, the direction of the commission had been changed by the special rule number 27.  According to this new rule no. 27, the commission has granted permission to make use the Commission or of any of its officers or members in or connected with any diploma, certificate, or other evidence of award for any exhibit.  But in advance, you have to submit such proposed awards to the commission for its wholehearted approval as per section 6 provided by the act of congress and rule 6 of article XXII of the general rules and regulations.  These rules are entitled to hold the effect of law until its modification or cancellation of the consent of the commission. 
On 30th November 1904, a formal acknowledgement of the receipt of the fore going communication has been received from the exposition company also.
There is no evidence of reply has been made ever to the letter or the subject matter thereof on the merits.  A formal acknowledgment of the receipt of the foregoing communication was received from the Exposition Company on November 30, 1904. But at the same time, the Exposition Company was strongly supported through its records and the silence of the officials such allegations there in contained of flagrant violation of the rules and regulations in the selection and organization of the juries. 
Also some of the charges of fraud and corruption in connection with certain awards referred in the letter have not been denied nor explained properly.  
But as a matter of fact, there was a disagreement raised between the National Commission and the Exposition Company.  Such disagreement made in related with awards has become known through public press.  Consequently the files of the commission were quickly supplied its letter from exhibitors in related with charging fraud and favoritism.  Besides, they asked for information as to the status of the wards in the event of certificates of award being issued without the approval of the Commission.
The situation was provoked by the fact that a concern known as "The Official Ribbon Company".  This is company was acting under a concession from the Exposition Company.  Moreover, it was disposing of ribbons certifying over the signatures of the president and the director of exhibits of the Exposition Company that awards had been made to the holders for the specific exhibits therein named.
