That is what we say; but some new instructions on the subject may be acceptable to our friends. Our recommendation to them is "The Elements of Flute-playing, according to the most approved principles of Fingering" by Thomas Lindsay. We are recommending it because it contains more practical and preceptive information than is usually to be met with in such works. The advantage in this treatise arises out of the recent improvements in the art of printing. By this method the instructor can amplify his precepts, or the didactic portion of his work, an in this way he can simplify them to the pupil. That is why, in Mr. Lindsay's treatise, there are a lot of pages of elementary instructions, definitions, and concise treatises, interspersed with musical illustration. The engraved treatises, on the other hand, are meagre in their instructions, from the difficulty of punching text illustrations. This article is the first successful attemt in any elementary work on the Flute. It is lucidly and popularly written. Thirty pages of Duettinos and Exercises are appended to the treatise. Mr. L. expresses his views on this work as "one of those elegant and delightful recreations, which constitutes, at once, the grace and the solace of domestic life."





*****

The sweetest flowers their odours shed In silence and alone; And Wisdom's hidden fount is fed By minds to fame unknown.

Bernard Barton.

*****

INSECTS' CHANGE.

Insects are different from other animals. They have a succession of changes in their organization and forms, and an incapacity of propagating before their last metamorphosis, which takes place before their death. This transformation has so many names that it useless to explain to the reader that larca, caterpillar, grub, maggot, or worm, is the first state of the insect on issuing from the egg. Also pupa, aurelia, chrysalis or nympha are the names by which the second metamorphosis is calles, and that the last stage, the stage when the insect assumes the appearance of a butterfly, is called the perdect state.--North American Review.
