So say we; but some novel instruction on the subject may not be unacceptable
to our piping friends. We recommend to them "The Elements of Flute-playing, according to the
most approved principles of Fingering," by Thomas Lindsay, as containing more practical and
preceptive information than is usually to be met with in such works. The advantage in the present
treatise arises out of one of the many recent improvements in the art of printing, viz., the
adoption of movable types for printing music, instead of by engraved pewter plates; which method
enables the instructor to amplify his precepts, or didactic portion of his work, and thus simplify
them to the pupil. According, in Mr. Lindsay's treatise, we have upwards of forty pages of
elementary instructions, definitions, and concise treatises, copiously interspersed with musical
illustrations; whereas the engraved treatises are generally meagre in their instructions, from
the difficulty of punching text illustrations. The article on accentuation is, we are told,
the first successful attempt in any elementary work on the Flute, to define this important
subject. It is written in a lucid and popular style, and is so attractive, that did our room
allow, we might be induced to insert part of it. Appended to the treatise are thirty pages
of Duettinos and Exercises, and altogether the work, (of which the present is Part I.,) is
well worth the attention of such as study Flute-playing, which, as Mr. L. observes, is "one
of those elegant and delightful recreations, which constitutes, at once, the grace and the
solace of domestic life."

       *       *       *       *       *

  The sweetest flowers their odours shed
    In silence and alone;
  And Wisdom's hidden fount is fed
    By minds to fame unknown.

  Bernard Barton.

       *       *       *       *       *

CHANGES OF INSECTS.

Insects are strikingly distinguished from other animals, by a succession of changes in their
organization and forms, and by their incapacity of propagating before their last metamorphosis,
which, in most of them, takes place shortly before their death. Each of these transformations
is designated by so many terms, that it may not be useless to observe to the reader, who has
not previously paid attention to the subject, that larva, caterpillar, grub, maggot, or worm,
is the first state of the insect on issuing from the egg; that pupa, aurelia, chrysalis, or
nympha are the names by which the second metamorphosis is designated, and that the last stage,
when the insect assumes the appearance of a butterfly, is called the perfect state.--North
American Review.
