Confident of the
genuineness of the account, I am very glad it has been published in French, and translated
into English. It cannot but be interesting and profitable to all lovers of the truth."

"FRANCIS CUNNINGHAM."]

MY DEAR CHILDREN--I purpose to give you, in this letter, an account of my conversion to the
true Christian religion--that religion which was established by our Lord and his apostles,
professed by their followers during the first two centuries of the church, and which is now
followed by the protestant or reformed Christians. I am conscious that neither my abilities
nor my education qualify me for this task. A mere mechanic, and possessing but few advantages
of education, I find it very difficult to express, as I could wish, the thoughts and feelings
which crowd upon my mind. But how great and numerous so ever may be the difficulties which
I must encounter in such an undertaking, I am impelled to it by the tender affection I bear
you, and by the earnest desire and hope of being useful to you. May God be my helper; may he
not suffer me to be deterred by any obstacle; and may he grant me the blessing of accomplishing
that which I consider as a sacred duty.

It is my imperative duty to make you acquainted with the real motives which have produced the
most important, solemn, and decisive step in my life.

It is my duty to give glory to God for the unspeakable mercy which he has deigned to show me,
in calling me from darkness into his marvellous light; in opening to me the treasures of his
infinite compassion, and in giving me the hope of salvation by faith in his Son, who only "has
the words of eternal life," being alone "the way, the truth, and the life."

It is my duty to endeavour to render my experience profitable to you, to show you the path
by which it has pleased God to lead me to truth, and to the fountain of living waters; and,
above all, to labour in prayer for you, that you may be partakers of the peace and joy with
which my spirit is filled under the influence of his blessed word.

May this paper, my dear children, by the blessing of God, contribute to the triumph of the
Gospel, and to the glory of our great God and Saviour Jesus Christ, by filling your hearts
with the love of truth, and by leading you in the way of true religion.

It was in the thirty-third year of my age, in the present year, (1826,) that I openly embraced
and professed the Protestant religion, after having given it the most serious and attentive
examination, and being convinced that it was indeed the true religion of Christ, agreeable,
in every respect, to the revelations of his Gospel.
