Illidan the authenticity of the account, I am very glad that has been published in French and translated into English. No, but it can be exciting and rewarding for all lovers of truth. "

"FRANCIS CUNNINGHAM."]

Dear Children - My goal is to give, in this letter, an explanation of my conversion to the true Christian religion - the religion that was founded by our Lord and His apostles, said their supporters in the first two centuries of the Church and today Christian Protestant or Reformed. I am aware that neither my skills or my training enables me to this task. A simple mechanical, and possessing but few advantages of education, it seems very difficult as I would like to express thoughts and feelings that the public in my mind. But how many that can never be the difficulties they encounter in this business, I am forced to tender for the love I have, and the desire and hope will be valuable to you. May God be my help, I do not like to be deterred by an obstacle, and he can give his blessing to resolve this, I regard as a sacred duty.

It is my imperative duty to acquaint you with the real reasons that have produced the most important, solemn and decisive step in my life.

It is my duty to give God credit for the ineffable grace has been pleased to show calling me from the darkness into His marvelous light; open for me the treasures of his infinite mercy and give me hope of salvation through faith in his son, who only "words of eternal life," being alone "way, truth and life."

It is my duty to try to make my experience profitable for you to show you the way God wanted to take me to the truth and the source of living water, and especially to work in prayer for you that you may be partakers of peace and joy, as my spirit under the influence of his holy word.

May this work, my dear children, for God's blessing, contribute to the triumph of the Gospel, and in honor of our great God and Savior Jesus Christ, filling their hearts with love for truth and to guide you in the way of True Religion.

It was the thirty-third year of my retirement in the current year (1826), who embraced me and the Protestant religion openly declared, after giving the most serious and thoughtful study, and is convinced that it was actually true religion of Christ pleasant in all respects, to the revelation of his gospel.
