Any person apprehending said friends, and give it to Master's house, work, or subscriber is entitled to compensation of the above.

JOHN Geyer.

City Gazette and Daily Advertiser News, June 22, 1797.

20 Dollars Reward

Ran-away from the subscriber on the evening of the 5th instant, another Black called Lando, it is about 5 feet 7 inches high, 18 or 19 years, most likely another, instead of doing little, he speaks aloud FRENCH WELL , and had a lot of French Negroes, it is assumed that is harbored by some of them. He had on when he went away a brown pair of trowsers and a jacket the same color, with green cape and cuffs and white metal buttons, but it is very possible that he might have changed his dress, as he He had made other clothes with him.

A reward of fifty dollars will be paid for each person who will provide information to him being harbored by a White and Twenty-five dollars if the person is Black, the punishment of the offender.

David Haig.

City Gazette and Daily Advertiser (Charleston, SC), June 27, 1797.

Ten dollars reward

Ran-away from his master in the last six month, a mulatto fellow named dick, about 20 years old, five feet nine or ten inches high, another strong firm, speaks English very well. It would be difficult to describe his dress, as he had done a large amount of clothing with him when he absented himself.

The above reward will be paid to anyone who will provide it, so he can turn his Master.

Master of the ship and all other persons are cautioned against harboring said friends, as they will incur penalties of law in this case.

JAMES Morison.

City Gazette and Daily Advertiser (Charleston, SC), November 12, 1798.

Thirty Dollars Reward

Absented yourself somewhere that, following slaves, viz.

Bob, another carpenter, a yellow complexion, mustee has bushy hair, is about five feet six inches high, and 35 years old, is doing well, and speaks PROPER MORE THAN ENOUGH NEGROES in general.

Dorcas, his wife, also has a yellow complexion and bushy hair, is about 26 years old, is a good cook, very intelligent and speaks very well.

They bring their two children, a girl named Willoughby, about eight or 10 years, and one infant only a few months old.

One half of the above amount will be paid for Bob, and the other half for Dorcas and children, to their being filed in any state prison, or being handed the captain PAUL Salimas on Hamilton Island or Mr. William P. Smith in Ponpon, and a hundred dollars will be paid on conviction of their being harbored by a White person.
