See Yule's Narrative of the British Mission to Ava in 1855, p. 106.]

[Sidenote: BC 307.]

Meanwhile, the effects of Gotama's early visits were deleted, and sacred trees which he planted were dead, and although the majority of settlers came from countries where the Buddhism was the dominant faith, no measures appear have been taken by immigrants to revive or extend it throughout Ceylon. Wijayo was in all probability, a Brahman, but so indifferent to their faith, that his first alliance in Ceylon was a true demon. [1] His immediate successors were so eager to encourage immigration, which they treated all religions with a perfect equality of royal favor. Yakkho temples were not only respected, but "annual demon offerings were provided" for them halls were built for the servants of Brahma, and residences were provided at public cost, for "five hundred people of different religions foreign "[2], but no mention in Mahawanso a single building was then raised to the faithful of Buddha, whether resident in the island, including settlers arriving in India.

[Footnote 1: According Mahawanso Vishnu, in order to protect Wijayo and his followers from the sorceries Yakkhos they met their landing in Ceylon, and "threads tied on their arms," ch. VII, and. a later period, when King Panduwasa, BC 504, was struggling with temporary insanity, as a punishment in person to the crime of bribery committed by his predecessor Wijayo, Iswara was supplicated to interpose, and by mediating King's was restored to his right mind .-- Rajavi, p. 181.]

[Footnote 2: Mahawanso, ch. x P. 67; CH, XXXIII, p. 203.]

It was not until BC 307, during the reign of Tissa, that preacher Mahindo ventured to visit Ceylon, under the auspices of King, which he succeeded in inducing rituals refrain from Brahman, and to profess faith in the doctrines of Buddha. Taken from such prominent Tissa in establishing national faith of Ceylon, the sacred writers honor his name with the prefix Déwánan-Market, or "beloved of saints."

[Sidenote: BC 307.]

Mahawanso cover vocabulary which describes the emergence Mahindo ecstasy, a prince of Magadha, and a linear descendant of Chandragutto. It records the visions by which he was divinely directed to "leaving the task to the conversion of Lanka," he describes his aerial flight, and descent of the Ambatthalo, Mihintala loftiest peak, mountain, rising abruptly from plain, overlooks the sacred city of Anarajapoora.
