See Yule's Narrative of the British mission, to Ava in 1855, p. 106.]

[Sidenote: B.C. 307.]

Meantime, the effects of Gotama's early visits had been obliterated, and the sacred trees which
he planted were dead; and although the bulk of the settlers had come from countries where Buddhism
was the dominant faith, no measures appear to have been taken by the immigrants to revive or
extend it throughout Ceylon. Wijayo was, in all probability, a Brahman, but so indifferent
to his own faith, that his first alliance in Ceylon was with a demon worshipper.[1] His immediate
successors were so eager to encourage immigration, that they treated all religions with a perfect
equality of royal favour. Yakkho temples were not only respected, but "annual demon offerings
were provided" for them; halls were built for the worshippers of Brahma, and residences were
provided at the public cost, for "five hundred persons of various foreign religious faiths;"[2]
but no mention is made in the Mahawanso of a single edifice having been then raised for the
worshippers of Buddha, whether resident in the island, or arriving amongst the colonists from
India.

[Footnote 1: According to the Mahawanso, Vishnu, in order to protect Wijayo and his followers
from the sorceries of the Yakkhos, met them on their landing in Ceylon, and "tied threads on
their arms," ch. vii.; and at a later period, when the king Panduwasa, B.C. 504, was afflicted
with temporary insanity, as a punishment in his person of the crime of perjury, committed by
his predecessor Wijayo, Iswara was supplicated to interpose, and by his mediation the king
was restored to his right mind.--Rajavali, p. 181.]

[Footnote 2: Mahawanso, ch. x. p. 67; ch, xxxiii, p. 203.]

It was not till the year B.C. 307, in the reign of Tissa, that the preacher Mahindo ventured
to visit Ceylon, under the auspices of the king, whom he succeeded in inducing to abstain from
Brahmanical rites, and to profess faith in the doctrines of Buddha. From the prominent part
thus taken by Tissa in establishing the national faith of Ceylon, the sacred writers honour
his name with the prefix of Déwánan-pia, or "beloved of the saints."

[Sidenote: B.C. 307.]

The Mahawanso exhausts the vocabulary of ecstacy in describing the advent of Mahindo, a prince
of Magadha, and a lineal descendant of Chandragutto. It records the visions by which he was
divinely directed to "depart on his mission for the conversion of Lanka;" it describes his
aërial flight, and his descent on Ambatthalo, the loftiest peak of Mihintala, the mountain
which, rising suddenly from the plain, overlooks the sacred city of Anarajapoora.
