See Yule Narrative of the British Mission to Ava in 1855, p. 106.]

[Footnote: BC 307.]

Meanwhile, the effects of Gotama's early visits had been obliterated, and the sacred trees that he planted were dead, and although most of the settlers from countries where Buddhism is the dominant religion, no measures appear to have been taken by immigrants to revive or extend it throughout Ceylon. Wijaya was in all probability, a Brahman, but so indifferent to their own faith, that his first alliance in Ceylon was a devil worshiper. [1] His immediate successors were so eager to encourage immigration, who treated all religions with a perfect equality of royal favor. Yakkhas temples were not only respected, but "annual demon offerings provided" for them, rooms were built for the worshipers of Brahma, and residences were provided in public spending, for "five hundred people from various foreign religious faiths," [2 ], but there is no mention in the Mahawanso of a single building having been raised below, for the worshipers of Buddha, both residents of the island, or get among the colonists of India.

[Note 1: According to the Mahawanso, Vishnu, in order to protect Wijaya and his followers from the sorceries of the Yakkhas, I came upon landing in Ceylon, and "strings attached in the arms," ch. VII. and in a later period, when King Panduwasa, BC 504, was suffering from temporary insanity, as a punishment on him for the crime of perjury committed by his predecessor Wijaya, pleaded Isvara was brought, and its mediation the king was restored to his right mind .-- Rajavali, p. 181.]

[Note 2: Mahawanso, chap. x. p. 67, ch, XXXIII, p. 203.]

It was not until a.C. 307, Tissa's reign, the preacher Mahinda ventured to visit Ceylon, under the auspices of King, whom he succeeded in inducing to abstain from Brahmanical rites, and professing faith in the doctrines of Buddha. From the prominent part thus taken by Tissa in establishing the national faith of Ceylon, the sacred writers to its name with the prefix of Dewan-pia, or "beloved of the saints."

[Footnote: BC 307.]

The Mahawanso exhausted the vocabulary of ecstasy in describing the arrival of Mahinda, a prince of Magadha, and a lineal descendant of Chandragutto. It records the visions by which he was directed by God to "leave on their mission for the conversion of Lanka", he describes his flight, and its decline in Ambatthalo, the highest peak of Mihintale, mountain, rising of the plain, overlooking the holy city of Anarajapoora.
