After much chastisement he always fell sick, and lay some time in mortal danger. "When I was
seven years old my father and my mother were then living apart--my kinsfolk determined, for
some reason or other, to give over beating me, though perchance a touch of the whip might then
have done me no harm. But ill-fortune was ever hovering around me; she let my tribulation take
a different shape, but she did not remove it. My father, having hired a house, took me and
my mother and my aunt to live with him, and made me always accompany him in his rounds about
the city. On this account I, being taken at this tender age with my weak body from a life of
absolute rest and put to hard and constant work, was seized at the beginning of my eighth year
with dysentery and fever, an ailment which was at that time epidemic in our city. Moreover
I had eaten by stealth a vast quantity of sour grapes. But after I had been visited by the
physicians, Bernabo della Croce and Angelo Gyra, there seemed to be some hope of my recovery,
albeit both my parents, and my aunt as well, had already bewept me as one dead.

"At this season my father, who was at heart a man of piety, was minded to invoke the divine
assistance of San Girolamo (commending me to the care of the Saint in his prayers) rather than
trust to the working of that familiar spirit which, as he was wont to declare openly, was constantly
in attendance upon him. The reason of this change in his treatment of me I never cared to inquire.
It was during the time of my recovery from this sickness, that the French celebrated their
triumph after defeating the Venetians on the banks of the Adda, which spectacle I was allowed
to witness from my window.[16] After this my father freed me of the task of going with him
on his rounds. But the anger of Juno was not yet exhausted; for, before I had fully recovered
my health, I fell down-stairs (we were then living in the Via dei Maini), with a hammer in
my hand, and by this accident I hurt the left side of my forehead, injuring the bone and causing
a scar which remains to this day. Before I had recovered from this mishap I was sitting on
the threshold of the house when a stone, about as long and as broad as a nut, fell down from
the top of a high house next door and wounded my head just where my hair grew very thickly
on the left side.
