I found in showing apples in Milwaukee at their fairs that I could
always get the best specimens from the top-worked trees. That convinced me that you could grow
better fruit that way.

Mr. Brackett: What age do you commence the grafting?

Mr. Philips: I like to commence at two years old. I like to set a Virginia crab and let it
grow one year and then commence top-working, and top-work about half the first year and the
balance the second.

Mr. Brackett: Is that in the nursery row?

Mr. Philips: No, where I am going to have it grow. I have found the Virginia--and the Hibernal,
too, either of them, very vigorous trees. The Virginia is very vigorous. You dig up a Virginia
tree, and you find a great mass of roots; it has strength, and it grows fast. I have top-worked
about forty varieties on the Virginia and some on Hibernal. Mr. Cady was there and looked it
over, Prof. Green was there and Mr. Kellogg has been there a number of times--and I always
ask them this question: If they found any trees where the top had outgrown the stock? I have
never seen an instance where the top of the tree put onto a Virginia crab outgrew the Virginia.
I have some in my garden now where the union is so perfect it takes a man with good eyesight
to see where it is.

Mr. Brackett: If you had Virginia trees twelve years old would you top-work them?

Mr. Philips: Yes, sir, out towards the end of the limbs.

Mr. Brackett: Suppose the limbs were too big on the stock you are going to top-work, how would
you do then?

Mr. Philips: I practice cutting off those larger limbs and letting young shoots grow. Mr. Dartt
did a good deal of top-working, and he top-worked large limbs. I told him he was making an
old fool of himself, but he wouldn't believe it. He would cut off limbs as large as three inches
and put in four scions and at the end of two years they had only grown eight inches each. I
have put in one scion in a Virginia limb that was about 3/4-inch in diameter, and had it that
season grow eight feet and one inch. That is the best growth I ever had.

The reason that my attention was called to the Virginia as being vigorous was, when I attended
the meeting of this society about thirty years ago--I think it was at Rochester--Mr. A. W.
Sias, who was an active nurseryman and one of the pioneers of this society, offered a premium
of $5.00 for the best growth of a crab apple tree, and then, in order to win the money himself
(which he did), he brought in some limbs of a Virginia that were six feet long that grew in
one season; and I figured then that a tree that could make that growth in one season was a
vigorous tree, which it is.
