The terms were gladly accepted by the Lacedaemonians, who at once picked up the
corpses of the slain, and prepared to quit the territory of Boeotia. The preliminaries were
transacted, and the retreat commenced. Despondent indeed was the demeanour of the Lacedaemonians,
in contrast with the insolent bearing of the Thebans, who visited the slightest attempt to
trespass on their private estates with blows and chased the offenders back on to the high roads
unflinchingly. Such was the conclusion of the campaign of the Lacedaemonians.

As for Pausanias, on his arrival at home he was tried on the capital charge. The heads of indictment
set forth that he had failed to reach Haliartus as soon as Lysander, in spite of his undertaking
to be there on the same day: that, instead of using any endeavour to pick up the bodies of
the slain by force of arms, he had asked for a flag of truce: that at an earlier date, when
he had got the popular government of Athens fairly in his grip at Piraeus, he had suffered
it to slip through his fingers and escape. Besides this, (25) he failed to present himself
at the trial, and a sentence of death was passed upon him. He escaped to Tegea and there died
of an illness whilst still in exile. Thus closes the chapter of events enacted on the soil
of Hellas. To return to Asia and Agesilaus.

 (25) Or, add, "as a further gravamen."

BOOK IV

I

B.C. 395. With the fall of the year Agesilaus reached Phrygia--the Phrygia of Pharnabazus--and
proceeded to burn and harry the district. City after city was taken, some by force and some
by voluntary surrender. To a proposal of Spithridates to lead him into Paphlagonia, (1) where
he would introduce the king of the country to him in conference and obtain his alliance, he
readily acceded. It was a long-cherished ambition of Agesilaus to alienate some one of the
subject nations from the Persian monarch, and he pushed forward eagerly.

 (1) See Hartman ("An. Xen." p. 339), who suggests {Otun auto} for {sun
    auto}.

On his arrival in Paphlagonia, King Otys (2) came, and an alliance was made. (The fact was,
he had been summoned by the king to Susa and had not gone up.) More than that, through the
persuasion of Spithridates he left behind as a parting gift to Agesilaus one thousand cavalry
and a couple of thousand peltasts. Agesilaus was anxious in some way to show his gratitude
to Spithridates for such help, and spoke as follows:--"Tell me," he said to Spithridates, "would
you not like to give your daughter to King Otys?" "Much more would I like to give her," he
answered, "than he to take her--I an outcast wanderer, and he lord of a vast territory and
forces."
