The terms were gladly accepted by the Lacedaemonians, who at once raised the corpses of those killed, and prepared to leave the territory of Boeotia. Preliminaries were traded, and began withdrawing. Desperate indeed was wearing the Lacedaemonians, in contrast to the insolent bearing Thebans, who visited the slightest attempt to encroach on their private estates, with shots and driven criminals back on the road high unabated. This was the conclusion of the campaign Lacedaemonians.

With regard to Pausanias, his arrival at home was tried on capital. Heads of indictment stated that he failed to arrive as soon Haliartus Lysander, despite its commitment to be there that day: that instead of using every effort to raise the bodies killed by force, he urged for a flag of truce: that at an earlier time, when he took the Athens government quite popular adherence to the Piraeus, he suffered it to slip through your fingers and pick. Moreover, (25) failed to appear at trial, and a death sentence was passed upon him. He fled to Tegea, and there died of disease while still in exile. This event closes the chapter on soil taken from Hellas. To return to Asia and Agesilaus.

(25) or adds, "that a further gravamen."

BOOK IV

I

BC 395. With autumn Agesilaus arrived cold - cold Pharnabazus - and began to burn and Harry district. City, has been taken, some by force and some voluntary teaching. For a proposal to take him in Spithridates Paphlagonia (1), where King will introduce the country to achieve from the conference and alliance, he joined immediately. Was a long drag of Agesilaus ambition was one of the nations subject to alienate some of the Persian monarch, and pushed forward eagerly.

(1) See Hartman ("A. Xen" p.. 339), which suggests self Otun) ((to) automotive sun.

At his arrival in Paphlagonia, Otys King (2) income, and an alliance was made. (This was, he was summoned by the king in Susa, and have not gone up) Moreover, by persuasion of Spithridates he left behind as a parting gift Agesilaus thousand cavalry and a couple of thousand peltasts .. Agesilaus was anxious in some way to show gratitude to Spithridates for such aid, and spoke as follows: - "Tell me," he said at Spithridates, "would not want to give your daughter the king Otys? " "Much more would I like to give," he said, "than he is to take it - I an outcast Wanderer and his master a vast territory and forces."
