In the regions of convulsion rocks have been rent asunder, the surface has been forced up into
ridges, chasms have opened, or the ground throughout large spaces has been permanently lifted
up above or let down below its former level. In the regions of tranquillity some areas have
remained at rest, but others have been ascertained, by a comparison of measurements made at
different periods, to have risen by an insensible motion, as in Sweden, or to have subsided
very slowly, as in Greenland. That these same movements, whether ascending or descending, have
continued for ages in the same direction has been established by historical or geological evidence.
Thus we find on the opposite coasts of Sweden that brackish water deposits, like those now
forming in the Baltic, occur on the eastern side, and upraised strata filled with purely marine
shells, now proper to the ocean, on the western coast. Both of these have been lifted up to
an elevation of several hundred feet above high-water mark. The rise within the historical
period has not amounted to many yards, but the greater extent of antecedent upheaval is proved
by the occurrence in inland spots, several hundred feet high, of deposits filled with fossil
shells of species now living either in the ocean or the Baltic.

It must in general be more difficult to detect proofs of slow and gradual subsidence than of
elevation, but the theory which accounts for the form of circular coral reefs and lagoon islands,
and which will be explained in the concluding chapter of this work, will satisfy the reader
that there are spaces on the globe, several thousand miles in circumference, throughout which
the downward movement has predominated for ages, and yet the land has never, in a single instance,
gone down suddenly for several hundred feet at once. Yet geology demonstrates that the persistency
of subterranean movements in one direction has not been perpetual throughout all past time.
There have been great oscillations of level, by which a surface of dry land has been submerged
to a depth of several thousand feet, and then at a period long subsequent raised again and
made to emerge. Nor have the regions now motionless been always at rest; and some of those
which are at present the theatres of reiterated earthquakes have formerly enjoyed a long continuance
of tranquillity.
