
25th September.

Started at 8.27 a.m.; passed over poor stony hills of granite formation and producing a little
grass in tufts--the wattles growing so close together as to render travelling difficult and
tedious. At 10.45 came on a large stream-bed, which had scarcely ceased to run; the channel
was fifty yards wide, the bed steep and rocky, and, where crossed, ran over a dyke of trap-rock,
the water slightly brackish and in long shallow pools, with samphire on the banks. This stream
must be the Murchison River, as no other was passed for 30 miles to the northward; the effects
of violent floods were visible, but it did not bear the character of a stream rising at any
great distance inland, nor did the nature of the gravel and sand brought down by it indicate
a rich soil on its upper portion, as I did not see anything besides fragments of siliceous
rock and garnet sand. The valley through which it ran appeared to be five or six miles wide,
extending twenty miles to the eastward, backed by sandy plains on both sides; a few patches
of grass appeared in the lower parts of the valley; westward it seemed to contract and turn
to the south-west, flanked by steep flat-topped hills of sandstone, resting on granite rock.
Continuing north-north-east up a small valley, we passed through wattle thickets till 1.40
p.m., when we again ascended the level sandy tableland or plains, and changed the course to
the north; the scrub increased in density as we proceeded. At 4.25 halted for the night in
a patch of good grass, where the thicket had been burnt off by the native fires; the sandy
nature of the soil rendered the search for water unsuccessful; we therefore contended ourselves
with the allowance of one pint each.

26th September.

Left the bivouac at 7.15 a.m.; course north; the country more open; 9.25 came on a large native
well of good water in a slight hollow trending westward; having watered the horses and filled
the kegs, continued our journey over sandy plains, covered with short coarse scrub; many hummocks
of loose sand, covered partially with scrub, lay on each side of our track. At noon passed
the last sandy ridge; before us lay an immense plain, covered with thickets, and not a hill
or valley could be observed--the country seemed to settle into one vast level of dense and
almost impenetrable scrub or thicket.
