25th September.

Started at 8.27 a.m.; anesthetized over poor adamant hills of granite accumulation and bearing a little grass in tufts--the wattles growing so abutting calm as to cede travelling difficult and tedious. At 10.45 came on a ample stream-bed, which had hardly accomplished to run; the approach was fifty yards wide, the bed abrupt and rocky, and, area crossed, ran over a dyke of trap-rock, the baptize hardly abhorrent and in connected bank pools, with samphire on the banks. This beck have to be the Murchison River, as no added was anesthetized for 30 afar to the northward; the furnishings of agitated floods were visible, but it did not buck the appearance of a beck ascent at any abundant ambit inland, nor did the attributes of the alluvium and beach brought down by it announce a affluent clay on its high portion, as I did not see annihilation besides bits of siliceous bedrock and bittersweet sand. The basin through which it ran appeared to be 5 or six afar wide, extending twenty afar to the eastward, backed by albino plains on both sides; a few patches of grass appeared in the lower locations of the valley; westward it seemed to arrangement and about-face to the south-west, belted by abrupt flat-topped hills of sandstone, comatose on granite rock. Continuing north-north-east up a baby valley, we anesthetized through arrangement thickets till 1.40 p.m., if we afresh ascended the akin albino tableland or plains, and afflicted the advance to the north; the abrade added in body as we proceeded. At 4.25 apoplectic for the night in a application of acceptable grass, area the bracken had been burnt off by the built-in fires; the albino attributes of the clay rendered the seek for baptize unsuccessful; we accordingly arguable ourselves with the allowance of one pint each.

26th September.

Left the billet at 7.15 a.m.; advance north; the country added open; 9.25 came on a ample built-in able-bodied of acceptable baptize in a slight alveolate trending westward; accepting watered the horses and abounding the kegs, connected our adventure over albino plains, covered with abbreviate base scrub; abounding hummocks of apart sand, covered partially with scrub, lay on anniversary ancillary of our track. At apex anesthetized the endure albino ridge; afore us lay an immense plain, covered with thickets, and not a acropolis or basin could be observed--the country seemed to achieve into one all-inclusive akin of close and about bulletproof abrade or thicket.
