Among the longhorn beetles, the prothorax scrapes over a median file on the
mid-dorsal aspect of the mesothorax. In a large number of beetles of different families, stridulating
areas occur on various segments of the abdomen, and are scraped by the elytra. It is remarkable
that these organs are found in similar positions in genera belonging to widely divergent families,
while two genera of the same family may have them in different positions. It follows, therefore,
that they have been independently acquired in the course of the evolution of the Coleoptera.

Stridulating organs among beetle-larvae have been noted, especially in the wood-feeding grub
of the stag-beetles (Lucanidae) and their allies the Passalidae, and in the dung-eating grubs
of the dor-beetles (Geotrupes), which belong to the chafer family (Scarabaeidae). These organs
are described by J. C. Schiödte and D. Sharp; in the stag-beetle larva a series of short tubercles
on the hind-leg is drawn across the serrate edge of a plate on the haunch of the intermediate
legs, while in the Passalid grub the modified tip of the hind-leg acts as a scraper, being
so shortened that it is useless for locomotion, but highly specialized for producing sound.
Whatever may be the true explanation of stridulating organs in adult beetles, sexual selection
can have had nothing to do with the presence of these highly-developed larval structures. It
has been suggested that the power of stridulation would be advantageous to wood-boring grubs,
the sound warning each of the position of its neighbour, so that adjacent burrowers may not
get in each other's way. The root-feeding larvae of the cockchafer and allied members of the
Scarabaeidae have a ridged area on the mandible, which is scraped by teeth on the maxillae,
apparently forming a stridulating organ.

Luminous Organs.--The function of the stridulating organs just described is presumably to afford
means of recognition by sound. Some beetles emit a bright light from a portion of their bodies,
which leads to the recognition of mate or comrade by sight. In the wingless female glow-worm
(Lampyris, fig. 15 f) the luminous region is at the hinder end, the organ emitting the light
consisting, according to H. von Wielowiejski (1882), of cells similar to those of the fat-body,
containing a substance that undergoes oxidation.
