Among the long-horned beetle. The prothorax scratches on a media file on the dorsal half of the mesothorax of a large number of beetles from different families, stridulating areas occur in different segments of the abdomen, and scraped by elytra. It is notable that these organisms are in similar positions in genera belonging to different families, two generations of one family can have in different positions. It therefore follows that they have acquired independently during the evolution of beetles.

Stridulating bodies between beetle-larvae have been observed, especially in wood grub deer-feeding beetles (Lucanidae) and its allies Passalidae, and manure and eat the larvae of Dor-beetles (Geotrupes), which belongs to the family top-side chafer (Scarabaeidae). These organisms are described by J.C. Schiödte and D. Sharp, stag beetle larvae a series of short tubercles on the hind leg is pulled on the edge of a plate Serrat in the intermediate leg spin, while the tip grub Passalidae amended according to the hind legs like a scraper is so short that it is useless for people, but highly specialized to produce the sound. Despite the explanation may be true stridulating organs in adult beetles, sexual selection may have had something to do with the presence of these highly developed structures larvae. It has been suggested that the effect of stridulation would be advantageous for the larvae of wood boring warning sound each of the locations of its neighbor to adjacent Burrow can not get in the way of each other. larvae of the root-feeding insects and their allies Scarabaeidae family members has an area of ridges in the jaw, teeth scraping on the upper jaw, apparently forming a body stridulating.

Luminous organs - stridulating organs function just described may result through recognition of the sound. Some beetles give off a bright light from one part of your body, leading to recognition of mates or mate by sight. In the female wings of light (Lampyris, fig. 15 f) of the luminous region is the rear end, the organ that emits light is composed, according to H. Wielowiejski von (1882) with boxes of body fat contains a substance undergoing oxidation.
