Among beetles Longhorn, prothorax scratches over a file on the median dorsal aspect of middle mesothorax. In a large number of bugs of different families stridulating areas occur on different segments of the abdomen and the elytra are scraped. It is remarkable that these bodies are found in similar positions in genres that are very different families, while two types of the same family may have different positions. It follows therefore that they were acquired independently during evolution of Coleoptera.

Stridulating organs among beetle-larvae were observed, particularly in wood grub deer-feeding beetles (Lucanidae) and its allies Passalidae, and the larvae of dung-beetles Dor consumption (Geotrupes) nets belonging to the family (Scarabaeidae). These organs are described by D. Sharp JC Schiödte stag beetle larva in a series of short tubercles on the hind-leg is drawn between the edge of a plate serrata pulp foot intermediate, while in grub as the foot tip Passalid behind-act as a scraper, being so small that locomotion is unnecessary, but highly specialized to produce sound. Whatever the real explanation stridulating organs in adult beetles, sexual selection may have had nothing to do with the presence of such highly developed larval structures. Suggested that the power of stridulation would be advantageous for wood-boring worms, each warning sound of its neighbor's position, so that adjacent burrowers can not get in each other. Root-feeding beetle larvae and allied members Scarabaeidae have a ridged surface on the mandible, which is fragmented by the teeth on the maxillae, forming apparently a stridulating body.

Light organs functioning organs .-- stridulating just described is likely to allow a means of recognizing the sound. Some bugs make a brilliant light from a part of their bodies, leading to recognition of the mate or comrade. In women without wings firefly (Lampyris, Fig. 15 f) region is light at the end to prevent the light-emitting organ is, according to H. von Wielowiejski (1882), similar to fat cells, the body containing a substance that undergoes oxidation.
