One of his earliest compositions was a fantasy for four hands, there are about thirteen different character movements, taking about thirty-two pages of fine writing. His brother remarks that no one ends in the key where it began. It seems that the passion for the mysterious object, for his next work, "Lament of Hagar, of the thirteen movements in different keys, incoherent. After this again, "Still Fantasy" that the words Schiller. This is a seventeen movements, and positive changes in their wandering key. It is full of reminiscences, "The creation of Haydn" and other works. Sound stimulation of the boys is really weak. It was only thirteen years old he heard opera, and not until a quarter really first class work, Spontini's "Vestal, in the 1812th Three years later, he's probably heard Gluck's "Iphigenia en Tauride," work which, in its assessment of the eclipsed them all. During the year, the sixth and seventh symphonies, choral fantasy and parts of the mass in C, and Overture, "Coriolanus," by Beethoven. He was a great admirer of Mozart, in his diary under the date 13th June 1816, he speaks of the quintet, "Blessed, as if from a distance, is the magic tones of Mozart's music strikes my ears. What unthinkable alternative power and tenderness are not Schlesinger's magic playing to impress him in the deep of my heart Such a stunning display to stay on my soul !, there to work for the well past all the power of time and circumstances. In the darkness of this life they reveal bright, beautiful perspective, inspiring confidence and hope about Mozart, Mozart. what countless consolatory images bright, better world you're stamped on our souls! "

Currently Schubert entered his father's school in order to avoid the rigorous military service, and remained a teacher of primary branches in three years. His first major composition of the mass, which produced an honorable 16th October 1814, and many good judges pronounced the equal of any similar work of this kind, perhaps with the exception of Beethoven's mass in C. 1815 anger compositions are fully taken into possession soul Schubert, and since then poured from the vessel constant inspiration of the succession of all sizes and characters, very few of which took place in his life.
