One of his earliest compositions was a fantasia for four hands, having about thirteen movements of different character, occupying about theirty-two pages of fine writing. His brother remarks that not one ends in the key inwhich it began. He seems to have had a passion for uncanny subjects, for the next work of his a "Lament of Hagar," of thirteen movements in different keys, unconnected. After this again, a "Corpse Fantasia" to words of Schiller. This has seventeen movements, and is positively erratic in its changes of key. It is full of reminisceneces of Haydn's "Creation" and other works. The musical stimulation of this boy was meager indeed. Not until he was thirteen years of age did he hear an opera: and not until he was fifteen a really first-class work, Spontini's "Vestal,"1812. Three years later he probably heard Gluck's "Iphigenie en Tauride, " a work which in his estimation eclipsed them all. During the same year there were the sixth and seventh symphonies, the choral fantasia and portions of the mass in C, and the overture to "Coriolanus,"Beethoven. He was agreat admirer of Mozart, and in his diary, under date of June13, 1816, he speaks of a quintette: "Gently, as if out of a distance, did the magic tones of Mozart's music strike my ears. With what inconceivable alternate force and tenderness did Schelsinger's magic playing impress it deep into my heart! Such lovely impressions remain on my soul, there to work for good, past all power of time and circumstance. In the darkness of this life they reveal a bright, beautiful prospect, inspiring confidence and hope. Oh Mozart, Mozart, what countless consolatory images of bright, better world hast thou stamped on our souls!"

Presently Schubert entered his father's school, in order to avoid the rigorous conscription, and remained a teacher of the lementary branches for three years. His first important composition was a mass, which was produced honorably October 16, 1814,and many good judges pronounced it equal to any similar work of the kind, excepting possibly Beethoven's mass in C.By 1815 the rage of composition had fully taken possession of the soul of Schubert, and thenceforth poured out from this receptacle of inspiration a steady succession of works of all dimensions and characters, very few of which were performed in his lifetime.
