Clergy, we believe that the extraordinary level of personal relationship with female parishioners. How often pastoral calls to be paid, whether it is in a villa, or cottage, when no one at home! Take heed unto yourself, then. Call in these circumstances should be short as possible. The whole interview should be careful while quietly ruled respect and self-esteem. Do not think a strong word of caution in this area from places outside the scale. Negligence even here appearances can wreck lives, it can certainly destroy the influence.

When and how to make sure.

But do not forget that we still are not directly concerned with the pastoral visit, as it were, we thought of incidental social relations. The young priest is sometimes, but rarely are visited not just in the pastoral sense. Kind hospitality shown to be his neighbor, and while it will often drop the call, because his master work in other forms, and apparently he says, sometimes they will accept, as his teacher did not. Or need a holiday has come, and he stayed in the house of a friend, or disposed of in a new relationship to a health resort. And we will assume that the bachelor, and is not engaged. In which direction should be especially careful!

"Know yourself."

Below and above all the details, he will heed to remember God is always present in us, and to live and speak as knowing that "He is the unseen listener to every conversation" to banish the memory of our conversation, whether we talk with a man or a woman, even levity, unkindness, untruthfulness and dulness. Then, come in a few details from this great principle - a man will have to watch and be careful in one or more completely different directions, according to his character. And God give us all that sincerity and ease in front of him as teaches us to know at least something of our character, especially in the weak point. There should be a safe recipe for real [Greek: gnothi seauton] than to walk in the light "[1 John I. 7th] in the presence of him who sees everything as is, and in this light look at ourselves and the world, and His Word, with the aim of every day, that does not mean "nice", or great thoughts, but a glow from our lives.
