We Clergy are trusted to an extraordinary
degree in personal intercourse with female parishioners. How often a pastoral call is paid,
whether at mansion or cottage, when no man is at home! "Take heed unto thyself" then. The call
under those circumstances should be as brief as possible. And the whole interview should be
ruled by a heedful while unobtrusive respect and self-respect. Do not think a strong word of
caution in this matter out of place and out of scale. Carelessness of even appearances here
may wreck a life; it may certainly blight an influence.

WHEN AND HOW TO TAKE HEED.

But I do not forget that we are not yet concerned directly with pastoral visitation as such;
we are thinking of incidental social intercourse. The young Clergyman will sometimes, however
seldom, find himself visiting in not exactly the pastoral sense of the word. Courteous hospitality
will be shown him by neighbours; and while he will very often decline these calls, because
his Master's work in other and more obvious forms claims him, sometimes he will accept them,
as his Master did. Or his needful holiday has come, and he is staying at a friend's house,
or is thrown into new intercourse at some health-resort. And we will suppose that he is a bachelor,
and not engaged. In what particular directions shall he take heed?

"KNOW THYSELF."

Below and above all details, he will take heed to remember his always present Lord and Friend,
and to live and talk as knowing that "HE is the unseen Listener to every conversation"; a recollection
which ought to banish from our talk, whether we talk with man or woman, alike frivolity, unkindness,
untruthfulness, and dulness. Then, to come to a few details under that great principle--the
man will need to watch and be heedful in one or more quite different directions, according
to his character. And God grant us all such honesty and simplicity before Him as shall teach
us to know at least something of our own characters, especially in their weak points. There
ought to be no surer prescription for a true [Greek: gnôthi seauton] than to "walk in the light"
[1 John i. 7.] of the presence of Him who sees everything just as it is, and in that light
to look at ourselves, and the world, and His Word; aiming every day, not to be thought "nice,"
or to be thought remarkable, but to let Him shine out of our lives.
