
But "The Lives of the Saints" are not confined to history, though they embrace whatever is
most valuable in history, whether sacred, ecclesiastical, or profane. No! This work extends
farther; it presents to the reader a mass of general information, digested and arranged with
an ability and a candor never surpassed. Here, no art, no science, is left unnoticed. Chronology,
criticism, eloquence, painting, sculpture, architecture--in a word, whatever has occupied or
distinguished man in {008} times of barbarism or of civilization; in peace or in war; in the
countries which surround us, or in those which are far remote; in these later ages, or in times
over which centuries upon centuries have revolved; all, all of these are treated of, not flippantly
nor ostentatiously, but with a sobriety and solidity peculiar to the writer of this work.

But there is one quality which may be said to characterize "The Lives of the Saints." It is
this: that here the doctrines of the Catholic Church are presented to us passing through the
ordeal of time unchanged and unchangeable, while her discipline is seen to vary from age to
age; like as a city fixed and immoveable, but whose walls, ramparts, and outworks, undergo,
from one period to another, the necessary changes, alterations, or repairs. Here are pointed
out the persecutions which the Saints endured,--persecutions which patience overcame, which
the power of God subdued. Here are traced the causes of dissension in the Church; the schisms
and heresies which arose; the errors which the pride and passions of bad men gave birth to;
the obstinacy of the wicked,--the seduction of the innocent,--the labors and sufferings of
the just; the conflicts which took place between light and darkness,--between truth and error;
the triumph, at one time of the city of God, at another, the temporary exaltation of the empire
of Satan. In this work, we see the great and powerful leaders of God's people, the pastors
and doctors of the Church, displaying lights gives them from heaven, and exercising a courage
all-divine; while crowds of the elect are presented to us in every age retiring from the world,
hiding their lives with Christ in God, and deserving, by their innocence and sanctity, to be
received into heaven until Christ, who was their life, will again appear, when they also will
appear along with him in glory.
