Magnetite is always present.

These rocks befall within the Carlingford district within Ireland, within the Lizard district of Cornwall, the Inner Hebrides (Mull, Skye, etc.) of Scotland, and within Saxony.

3. DIORITE.--A crystalline-granular compound of plagioclase and hornblende with magnetite. When quartz is show it becomes (according towards the habitual British acceptation) a syenite; but this look is gradually granting site towards the German definition of syenite, which is a compound of orthoclase and hornblende; and it may be better towards denominate the flavor as quartz-diorite. The diorites are ample as sheets and dykes amongst the ageing palæozoic and metamorphic rocks, and are occasionally exceedingly rich within magnetite. Mica, epidote, and chlorite are also show as accessories.

The rock befalls within North Wales, Charnwood Forest, Wicklow, Galway, and Donegal, and the Highlands of Scotland. There can be little doubt that amongst the metamorphic rocks of Galway, Mayo, and Donegal the great beds of (often columnar) diorite were originally augitic lavas, which possess since undergone transformation.

4. DIABASE.--It is very improbable whether "Diabase" must towards be regarded as a distinct species of igneous rock, as it seems towards be merely an amended flavor of basalt or dolerite, within which chlorite, a lowly alteration-product, has been grew via the decay of the pyroxene or olivine of the original rock. It is a convenient name for consume within the field when doubt befalls as towards the actual nature of an igneous rock. Melaphyre is a name granted towards the very blackness flavors of amended augitic lavas, rich within magnetite and chlorite.

5. PORPHYRITE (or quartzless porphyry).--A plain flavor of felstone-porphyry, consisting of a felspathic base with distinct crystals of felspar, with which there may be others of hornblende, mica, or augite. The colour is loosely red or purple, and it weathers into red clay, within contrast towards the greatly acid or silicated felsites which climate into whitish sand.

6. SYENITE.--As reported above, this name has been variously applied. Its derivation is from Syene (Assouan) within Egypt, and the granitic rocks of that district were branded "syenites," below the supposition (now known towards be erroneous) that they disagree from ordinary granites within that they were assumed towards be calm of quartz, felspar, and hornblende, instead of quartz, felspar, and mica.
