Magnetite is always present.

These rocks occur in the Carlingford district in Ireland, in the Lizard district of Cornwall, the Inner Hebrides(Mull,Skye, etc.) of Scotland, and in Saxony.

3.DIORITE.--A crystalline-granular compound of plagioclase and hornblende with magnetite. When quartz is present it becomes (according to the usual British acceptatation) a syenite; but this view is gradually giving place to the German definition of syenite, which is a compound of orthoclase and hornblende; and it may be better to denorminate the variety as quartz-diorite. The diorites are abundant as sheets and dykes amongst the older palaeozoic and matamorphic rocks, and are sometimes exceedingly rich in magnetitie. Mica, epidote, and chlorite are also present as accessories.

The rock occurs in North Wales, Charwood Forest, Wicklow, Galway, and Donegal, and the Highlads of Scotland. There can be little doubt that amonst the metamorphic rocks of Galway, Mayo, and Donegal the great beds of (often columnar) diorite were originally augitic lavas, which have since under gone transformation.

4.DIABASE.--It is very doubtful if "Diabase" ought to be regarded as a distinct species of igneous rock, as it seems to be simply an altered variety of basalt or dolerite, in which chlorite, a secondary alteration-product, has been developed by the decomposition of the pyrozene or olivine of the original rock. It is a convenient name for use in the field when doubt occurs as to the real nature of an igeneous rock. Melaphyre is a name given to the very dark varieties of altered augitic lavas, rich in magnetite and chlorite.

5.PORPHYREITE (or quartzless porphyry).--A basic variety of felstone-prophyry, consisting of felspathic base with district crystals of felspar, with there may be others of hornblende, mica, or augite. The colour is generally red or purple, and it weathers into red clay, in contrast to the highly acid or silicated felsites which weather into whitish sand.

6.SYENITE.--As stated above, this name has been variously applied. Its derivation is from Syene(Assouan) in Egypt, and the granitic rocks of that district were called "syenites," under the supposition (now known to be erroneous) that they differ from ordinary granites in that they were supposed to be composed of quartz, felspar, and hornblende, instead of quartz, felspar, and mica.
