Magnetite is always present.

These rocks occur in the Carlingford district in Ireland, in the Lizard district of Cornwall,
the Inner Hebrides (Mull, Skye, etc.) of Scotland, and in Saxony.

3. DIORITE.--A crystalline-granular compound of plagioclase and hornblende with magnetite.
When quartz is present it becomes (according to the usual British acceptation) a syenite; but
this view is gradually giving place to the German definition of syenite, which is a compound
of orthoclase and hornblende; and it may be better to denominate the variety as quartz-diorite.
The diorites are abundant as sheets and dykes amongst the older palæozoic and metamorphic rocks,
and are sometimes exceedingly rich in magnetite. Mica, epidote, and chlorite are also present
as accessories.

The rock occurs in North Wales, Charnwood Forest, Wicklow, Galway, and Donegal, and the Highlands
of Scotland. There can be little doubt that amongst the metamorphic rocks of Galway, Mayo,
and Donegal the great beds of (often columnar) diorite were originally augitic lavas, which
have since undergone transformation.

4. DIABASE.--It is very doubtful if "Diabase" ought to be regarded as a distinct species of
igneous rock, as it seems to be simply an altered variety of basalt or dolerite, in which chlorite,
a secondary alteration-product, has been developed by the decomposition of the pyroxene or
olivine of the original rock. It is a convenient name for use in the field when doubt occurs
as to the real nature of an igneous rock. Melaphyre is a name given to the very dark varieties
of altered augitic lavas, rich in magnetite and chlorite.

5. PORPHYRITE (or quartzless porphyry).--A basic variety of felstone-porphyry, consisting of
a felspathic base with distinct crystals of felspar, with which there may be others of hornblende,
mica, or augite. The colour is generally red or purple, and it weathers into red clay, in contrast
to the highly acid or silicated felsites which weather into whitish sand.

6. SYENITE.--As stated above, this name has been variously applied. Its derivation is from
Syene (Assouan) in Egypt, and the granitic rocks of that district were called "syenites," under
the supposition (now known to be erroneous) that they differ from ordinary granites in that
they were supposed to be composed of quartz, felspar, and hornblende, instead of quartz, felspar,
and mica.
