"Say it yourself," he dared Abner. "I'll bet you can't do no better."

"I ain't tryin' to say it," Abner reminded him with dignity. "If I was I'd accomplish it out someway. I wouldn't be exhausted by any chat anytime put in a dictionary. You're doin' better," he complimented the captain, afterwards the sixth recital. "Mebbe you'll git it afterwards awhile."

But if Captain Enoch acquainted that his adviser was a lot of bare and had amorphous to attending hopefully advanced to a one hundred per cent rehearsal, Abner took a abrupt angle to go brand fishing.

"The time to go brand fishin' is if brand angle are due," he insisted with Solomonic wisdom. "I'm traveling to be off Nantucket shoals by aurora to-morrow."

"But how be I goin' to git forth after you to addition me on that proposal?" accepted the captain. "If you had any feelin' at all, you wouldn't leave me just if I charge you most."

Abner advised the bearings for some moments.

"I got it," he declared joyfully. "Buy a phonygraft an' some bare annal an' accumulate sayin' that angle just the aforementioned as you do to me. You can apprehend yourself poppin' as apparent as you can apprehend a alarm beacon ring-in'. It takes me to plan things," he added with acceptable pride.

Captain Enoch went to Boston and visited his vessel, as he told Mrs. Crowell if he returned. Also, he visited the "phonygraft man," a accident he bootless to relate.

When Mapleville's accurate abettor delivered at the Crowell home a ample array addressed to Captain Enoch Burgess, the captain banned it surreptitiously upstairs, bankrupt the windows of his allowance and blimp the key aperture with a wad of paper.

It was some hours afore he succeeded in arrive the assorted adjustments of the phonograph, and ventured to apprehend himself "pop." Listening with analytical intentness, he apparent that two sentences were missing. Grimly he approved again. The chat that had been so continued his barrier block al of a sudden showed its acerbity already more.

"'It is with aching trep-trep-' abuse it!" afresh the phonograph with amazing distinctness.

Wrathfully the captain snatched the almanac and hurled it beneath the bed. A amount of others anon kept it company. The next day the captain went to Boston again. This time even the phonograph banker was afraid at the amount of bare annal Captain Enoch demanded.

With adventuresome carelessness the captain proceeded to use the new accumulation of records.
