On the third of June we saw a sail to leeward of us, showing English colors. I bore away to talk to her, and found it to be in London Antelope, commanded by Captain Hammond, and heads towards the Bay of Bengal in the service of the new East-India Company. Many passengers were on board, going to establish under Sir Edward Littleton, who went there head: I went on board and was met by Sir Edward and Mr. hedges, and received and treated kindly by them and the commander who was afraid of us before, although I had sent my officers on board. They were in the Cape, and there came a day before, having supplied themselves with refreshments. They said that the count was 60 miles west of the Cape. While I was on board her small fine west wind, sprang up, so I shortened my stay with them because we did not design to go to the Cape. When I took leave I was given half a mutton, cabbage 12, 12 pumpkins, 6 pound of butter, six young stock-fish, and a quantity of parsnips, sending them some oatmeal they wanted.

From my first setting out from England I did not design to achieve the Cape and that was a reason I met in Brazil, could not update my men and prepare them for a long term New Holland. We do not yet seen the land, but about two in the afternoon we saw land bearing East Cape, about 16 leagues away: and, Captain Hammond was also ordered to double the Cape, I jogged together on this after- noon the next day, and had its fair number of attractions, which can be seen.

The west wind, beyond it: a storm, and STI PRESAGES.

To continue: have a west wind I jogged on in company Antelope until Sunday June 4th, at 4 in the afternoon, when we parted, her direction away from the East Indies and I keep a course east south-east, better to make room for my New Holland: for New Holland, although it is located northeast of the Cape since all ships bound to the coast, or the Straits of Sunda, ought to keep for a while while the same, or a latitude of 35 to 40, at least a little south of east, you may continue in a variable wind, and not risk too early to stay up north to be tradewind threshold, which will put them east of their course.
