On the third of June we saw a sail to leeward of us, showing
English colours. I bore away to speak with her, and found her to be the Antelope of London,
commanded by Captain Hammond, and bound for the Bay of Bengal in the service of the New-East-India
Company. There were many passengers aboard, going to settle there under Sir Edward Littleton,
who was going chief thither: I went aboard and was known by Sir Edward and Mr. Hedges, and
kindly received and treated by them and the commander; who had been afraid of us before, though
I had sent one of my officers aboard. They had been in at the Cape, and came from thence the
day before, having stocked themselves with refreshments. They told me that they were by reckoning
60 miles to the west of the Cape. While I was aboard them a fine small westerly wind sprang
up; therefore I shortened my stay with them because I did not design to go in to the Cape.
When I took leave I was presented with half a mutton, 12 cabbages, 12 pumpkins, 6 pound of
butter, 6 couple of stock-fish, and a quantity of parsnips; sending them some oatmeal which
they wanted.

From my first setting out from England I did not design to touch at the Cape; and that was
one reason why I touched at Brazil, that there I might refresh my men and prepare them for
a long run to New Holland. We had not yet seen the land, but about 2 in the afternoon we saw
the Cape land bearing east at about 16 leagues distance: and, Captain Hammond being also bound
to double the Cape, we jogged on together this afternoon and the next day, and had several
fair sights of it; which may be seen.

OF THE WESTERLY WINDS BEYOND IT: A STORM, AND ITS PRESAGES.

To proceed: having still a westerly wind I jogged on in company with the Antelope till Sunday
June the 4th, at 4 in the afternoon, when we parted; they steering away for the East Indies
and I keeping an east-south-east course, the better to make my way for New Holland: for though
New Holland lies north-easterly from the Cape yet all ships bound towards the coast, or the
Straits of Sunda, ought to keep for a while in the same parallel, or in a latitude between
35 and 40, at least a little to the south of the east, that they may continue in a variable
winds way; and not venture too soon to stand so far to the north as to be within the verge
of the tradewind, which will put them by their easterly course.
