On the third of June we see a cruise to leeward of us, screening English colours. I turn off away to talk with her, and found her to be the Antelope of London, commanded by Captain Hammond, and bound for the Bay of Bengal in the service of the New-East-India Company. There were a lot of passengers on board, departing to inhabit there below Sir Edward Littleton, who was going leader thither: I went aboard and was recognized by Sir Edward and Mr. Hedges, and gently received and treated by them and the Chief; who had been scared of us before, though I had send one of my officers on board. They had been in at the Cape, and come from thence the day previous to, having stocked themselves by means of food and drink. They tell me that they were by reckoning 60 miles to the west of the Cape. While I was aboard them a well tiny westerly breeze spring up; so I reduced my live in with them because I did not plan to depart to the Cape. While I take depart I was offered with half a mutton, 12 cabbages, 12 pumpkins, 6 pound of butter, 6 couple of stock-fish, and a amount of parsnips; sending them several oatmeal which they required. 

From my primary setting out from England I do not intend to contact at the Cape; and that was one cause why I touched at Brazil, that there I may restore my men and get ready them for a lengthy run to New Holland. We had not so far seen the territory, but about 2 in the afternoon we see the Cape ground bearing east at about 16 leagues distance: and, Captain Hammond being too bound to twice the Cape, we jogged on jointly this afternoon and the next day, and had a number of fair highlights of it; which can be seen. 

OF THE WESTERLY WINDS PAST IT: A STORM, AND ITS PRESAGES. 

To carry on: having silent a westerly breeze I jogged on in group among the Antelope till Sunday June the 4th, at 4 in the afternoon, while we parted; they navigation away for the East Indies and I keep an east-south-east route, the enhanced to create my way for New Holland: for still New Holland lies north-easterly from the Cape yet every ships bound towards the shore, or the Straits of Sunda, have to to stay for a while in the similar parallel, or in a latitude between 35 and 40, at least a slight to the south of the east, that they may carry on in a inconsistent winds way; and not gamble too quickly to stand so distant to the north as to be inside the border of the tradewind, which will put them by their easterly path.
