Jumper, Jumper, Jumper, how pretty and sensible is he?  If mankind had half the Sagacity of Jumper, they would guard against accidents of this kind by having a public survey occasionally made of all the houses in every Parish (especially the old and decayed ones) and not leave them to remain in bad condition to the point where they fall down on the heads of the  inhabitants and kill them. Why yesterday did an entire house fell down on Grace Church Street and on Queens Street. A hundred more are going to fall within a year. My friends, take care of yourselves, and tell the Legislature, to take care of you. How can you be so careless? Most of your problems come from carelesness and extravagance and yet you make up excuses for the mishaps and blame them on mear fortune. You are a fool to let fortune have the power to play tricks on you.

Yours, 

The "Man in the Moon". This little bird is a Nightingale. This little creature, entertains us with her songs all Spring and then she gathers up her babies and flies off to a different land. She finds her way across the Great Sea without any help or intrusments unlike man who needs them to navigate in this manner. If you were as wise as the Nightingale, you might will make all the sailors happy, and they will pay you twenty thousand pounds for teaching them your methods of navigation. 

You would not think Ralph the Raven to be so wise and so good than he is, yet you see him here reading his book. Yet when the prophet Elijah was obliged to fly from Ahab King of Israel and hide himself in a cave, the Ravens, at the Command of God Almighty, gave him food everyday that saved his life.

The word of the Lord came to Elijah and said,"Hide thyself by the Brook Cherith, that is before Jordan, and I have commanded the Ravens to feed thee there." 

 "And the pretty Pidgeon when the World was drowned, and he was confined with Noah in the Ark, was sent forth by him to see whether the waters were abated, And he sent forth a Dove from him, to see if the waters were abated from off the face of the ground." Genesis 8:11. 

Animals are sensible and kind to us so we ought to be tender and good to them and not beat, kill, and take away their young ones as evil boys do to them.
