
Jumper, Jumper, Jumper, what a pretty Dog he is, and how sensible? Had Mankind half the Sagacity
of Jumper, they would guard against Accidents of this Sort, by having a public Survey, occasionally
made of all the Houses in every Parish (especially of those, which are old and decayed) and
not suffer them to remain in a crazy State, 'till they fall down on the Heads of the poor Inhabitants,
and crush them to Death. Why, it was but Yesterday, that a whole House fell down in Grace-church-street,
and another in Queen's-street, and an hundred more are to tumble, before this Time twelve Months;
so Friends, take Care of yourselves, and tell the Legislature, they ought to take Care for
you. How can you be so careless? Most of your Evils arise from Carelesness and Extravagance,
and yet you excuse yourselves, and lay the Fault upon Fortune. Fortune is a Fool, and you are
a Blockhead, if you put it in her Power to play Tricks with you.

Yours,

The MAN in the MOON. You know this little Bird, sweet Jug, Jug, Jug, 'tis a Nightingale. This
little Creature, after she has entertained us with her Songs all the Spring, and bred up her
little ones, flies into a foreign Country, and finds her Way over the Great Sea, without any
of the Instruments and Helps which Men are obliged to make Use of for that Purpose. Was you
as wise as the Nightingale, you might make all the Sailors happy, and have twenty thousand
Pounds for teaching them the Longitude.

You would not think Ralph the Raven half so wise and so good as he is, though you see him here
reading his book. Yet when the Prophet Elijah, was obliged to fly from Ahab King of Israel,
and hide himself in a Cave, the Ravens, at the Command of God Almighty, fed him every Day,
and preserved his Life.

And the Word of the Lord came unto Elijah, saying, Hide thyself by the Brook Cherith, that
is before Jordan, and I have commanded the Ravens to feed thee there.

And the pretty Pidgeon when the World was drowned, and he was confined with Noah in the Ark,
was sent forth by him to see whether the Waters were abated, And he sent forth a Dove from
him, to see if the Waters were abated from off the Face of the Ground. Gen. viii. 8. 11.

As these, and other Animals, are so sensible and kind to us, we ought to be tender and good
to them, and not beat them about, and kill them, and take away their young ones, as many wicked
Boys do.
