The main purpose of this communication is the latest to show that Mr Peacock was not precise in its timing or termination interpretation between Shelley and Harriet. Allusion is to the discretion which prevented Shelley to make a confidant of Mr. Peacock, or pain occasioned by the fate of Harriet, the writer refers to "evidence that there is a series of letters written by Shelley in this very moment in which one trusted, and now in possession of his family, "and then proceeds thus: -" Nothing more beautiful or a feature that started from his pen and they offer the most unequivocal testimony of pain and horror caused by the tragic incident they bear reference, however, self-reproach formed no part of his pain in the middle that could proudly ,'------, ------,' (menţionând. two dry Business impartial) each, not my full justice, bearing witness to the correctness and liberalism of my conduct with her. "

The memorial "and" relics "no further allusion to the circumstances that preceded the suicide of Harriet, but it seems highly desirable that the whole story should be put more clearly, and can at least show why I say so. The correspondence in question took place in mid-December, 1816. Mary Shelley was married about two weeks later, and in the most categorical he alluded only consolation which is derived from the conversation of the host its, but the way my father spoke of Mary. My memory goes back in time, and I already confessed Shelley's mood. He was only instituted when the recovery process of children, and caught a opinion was expressed that in his case once again become contracted in marriage, there are not any excuse to deprive him of children.

Let me pause for a moment this incident, as established two facts of some interest. First, it shows some very strong reasons to change the friendship which subsists between my father and Mary, - a friendship that has stood the test of many vicissitudes, and even differences of opinion, both people are very sensitive state, quick temper, well honestly, and obstinately tenacious of their own convictions.
