The main purpose of this last notice
is, to show that Mr. Peacock was not accurate in his chronology or in his interpretation of
the severance between Shelley and Harriet. Alluding either to the discretion which prevented
Shelley from making a confidant of Mr. Peacock, or to his grief occasioned by the fate of Harriet,
the writer refers to "the proof which exists in a series of letters written by Shelley at this
very time to one in whom he had confidence, and at present in possession of his family," and
then proceeds thus:--"Nothing more beautiful or characteristic ever proceeded from his pen;
and they afford the most unequivocal testimony of the grief and horror occasioned by the tragical
incident to which they bear reference. Yet self-reproach formed no element of his sorrow, in
the midst of which he could proudly say, '------, ------,' (mentioning two dry, unbiased men
of business,) 'every one, does me full justice, bears testimony to the uprightness and liberality
of my conduct to her.'"

In the "Memorials" and the "Relics" there is no further allusion to the circumstances which
preceded Harriet's suicide; but it appears to me very desirable that the whole story should
be brought out much more distinctly, and I can at least show why I say so. The correspondence
in question took place in the middle of December, 1816. Shelley was married to Mary about a
fortnight later; and in the most emphatic terms he alluded not only to the solace which he
derived from the conversation of his host, but to the manner in which my father spoke of Mary.
My own recollection goes back to the period, and I have already testified to the state of Shelley's
mind. He was just then instituting the process to recover the children, and he caught at an
opinion that had been expressed, that, in the event of his again becoming contracted in marriage,
there would be no longer any pretence to deprive him of the children.

Let me for a moment pause on this incident, as it establishes two facts of some interest. In
the first place, it shows some of the grounds of the very strong and unalterable friendship
which subsisted between my father and Mary,--a friendship which stood the test of many vicissitudes,
and even of some differences of opinion; both persons being very sensitive in feeling, quick
in temper, thoroughly outspoken, and obstinately tenacious of their own convictions.
