The lake water differs in its colors from mesmerizing green to an ocean blue, and they are packed with different kinds of fish. Many islands are placed about the lake, they differ in terrains from low and green, to rocky and rising precipitately to heights directly up from the water. The edge of the lake is mostly rocky. The landscape around Lake Superior is breath-takingly beautiful. The walls of red sandstone on the south coast are famous among visitors. They were described in earlier accounts as the "Pictured Rocks." They are across from the greatest width of the lake and they are exposed to the biggest force of the torrential storms from the north. Their weird shape is brought on from the effects of the waves upon them and the sand from their disintegration is blown down the coast below and raised by the winds into the long lines of sandy cliffs. At Grand Sable, they are one hundred to three hundred feet high, and consists of hills of blowing sand. 

In the middle of the lake, Keweenaw Point stretches out in the water. Here the steamer halted for wood. We arrived on the shore in a gorgeous grove. "What a place for a dinner!" cried one person in the party.

"Glorious! Glorious!" chimed in a dozen more voices.

"How long has the boat to wait?" asked Hugh.

"One hour," said the weather-beaten son of Neptune.

"That gives us plenty of time," was the general verdict. Lunch-baskets were brought ashore. The steamer's steward was prevailed upon, a silver dollar into his hand, to help us, and presently the entire party feasted by the lakeside. That grove was a true royal dining-room, its outer pillars rising from the lake, its brown floor of pine-needles, arabesqued with a slight tracery of the sun shadows and floating leaves, and giving through the true Gothic arches of its myriad window glorious views of the lake that lay like an enchanted sea before us! And whoever dined more regally than us though upon nectar and ambrosia, than our merry-makers as they sat at their well-spread board, with such glowing pictures before their dimly lit eyes, such balmy airs fluttering about their blissful heads, and such music as the sunshiny waves made in their awaiting, listening ears?
