During the last eight years I have passed  a  least   six  100  nights in your  home,  and have been very  regularly  in your sleeping-room, and have  discovered  your  private   chat  with your wife. Doubt it,  perform  you? Yes, your  entrance  was  perpetually  bolted on the  indoors,  and no other one opened into your  bedchamber,  but I can  advise  you  talks  you had with your wife, which will  argue  you. Do you  consider  one  after dark  when your wife became  uneasy  and  plunged  to  weeping  lest the  hurt  she  sensed  in her breast should  confirm  to be a  malignant  illness,   and you  advised  her that you would  depart  to Boston with her and  consider  Dr. Jackson and  request  Dr. P. to  depart  with you? Do, eh? And  perform  you  consider  one  after dark  when your niece  snoozed  upon the  settee  in your room? I had no  thought  she was there, and needlessly waked her. She  yelled,  and while you was  joining  to her  dread  I  slid  out and didn't  move out  your  entrance  bolted. I  discovered  you  advise  her she was dreaming.
      "And  manage  you  recall  one  evening  telling your wife that you could not  envisage  how three cigars got out of a new  carton  you had opened the  evening  before? Those cigars were the only things that either Maguire or I ever took from your house. 
"I will make you this proposition, and if you will accept it you will  manage  well. By the  evening  train my two accomplices in that job will arrive. I don't  propose  to be  closed  up till they come. I will  yield  for six men to sit up with me here to-night in this  agency,  and you  will   choose  them, and in the  forenoon  I will  yield  their  charges  and  proceed  to jail." 
The proposition was  acknowledged,  and the  head  of  policeman  furnished the keepers.
            During that  night time  Mr. Burchard's office was the  view  of  unusual  revelations. Malcolm furnished  currency  to one of the officers,  any person  who   brought in a basket of champagne, and  lucid  a supper at one o'clock in the morning, to be the  bulk   achieve  that  currency  could  pay for  and the city furnish. The officers were at liberty to invite in their  associates   any person  who   were reliable. Malcolm  dispersed  to each of his keepers five times the sum of  currency   equated  upon for their  earnings,  and  appealed  of them a faithful performance of their duty. Some thirty had entered the office, and the door was  sealed  and not to be  opened  on any  account  assertion   till supper was announced. Malcolm had sent to a neighboring bookstore, and  accepted  one  crowd in  of every edition of playing cards there  saved  for sale. Some forty packs with  dissimilar  backs were piled  higher  at one end of the table. Malcolm invited  numerous  one to take a hand of euchre with him. The captain,  any person  who   was  examined  the  bulk   guru   performer,  took a  stool  at the corner of the  office desk,  and the  unwind  were to  discern  the game, but say  none  which they  ought   investigate  till the game was over.
