During the last eight years I have
passed at least six hundred nights in your house, and have been very frequently in your sleeping-room,
and have heard your confidential talk with your wife. Doubt it, do you? Yes, your door was
always bolted on the inside, and no other one opened into your chamber, but I can tell you
conversations you had with your wife, which will convince you. Do you remember one night when
your wife became nervous and fell to crying lest the pain she felt in her breast should prove
to be a cancer, and you told her that you would go to Boston with her and consult Dr. Jackson
and ask Dr. P. to go with you? Do, eh? And do you remember one night when your niece slept
upon the sofa in your room? I had no idea she was there, and needlessly waked her. She screamed,
and while you was attending to her fright I slipped out and didn't leave your door bolted.
I heard you tell her she was dreaming.

"And do you remember one night telling your wife that you could not imagine how three cigars
got out of a new box you had opened the night before? Those cigars were the only things that
either Maguire or I ever took from your house.

"I will make you this proposition, and if you will accept it you will do well. By the night
train my two accomplices in that job will arrive. I don't intend to be shut up till they come.
I will pay for six men to sit up with me here to-night in this office, and you shall select
them, and in the morning I will pay their fees and go to jail."

The proposition was accepted, and the chief of police furnished the keepers.

During that night Mr. Burchard's office was the scene of strange revelations. Malcolm furnished
money to one of the officers, who brought in a basket of champagne, and ordered a supper at
one o'clock in the morning, to be the most complete that money could buy and the city furnish.
The officers were at liberty to invite in their friends who were reliable. Malcolm distributed
to each of his keepers five times the sum of money agreed upon for their wages, and demanded
of them a faithful performance of their duty. Some thirty had entered the office, and the door
was closed and not to be opened on any account till supper was announced. Malcolm had sent
to a neighboring bookstore, and obtained one pack of every edition of playing cards there kept
for sale. Some forty packs with different backs were piled up at one end of the table. Malcolm
invited some one to take a hand of euchre with him. The captain, who was considered the most
expert player, took a chair at the corner of the table, and the rest were to observe the game,
but say nothing which they should discover till the game was over.
