
Capital also are the best of many anecdotes concerning Eldon and his ecclesiastical patronage.
Dating the letter from No. 2, Charlotte Street, Pimlico, the Chancellor's eldest son sent his
father the following anonymous epistle:--

   "Hear, generous lawyer! hear my prayer,
   Nor let my freedom make, you stare,
             In hailing you Jack Scott!
   Tho' now upon the woolsack placed,
   With wealth, with power, with title graced,
             Once nearer was our lot.

   "Say by what name the hapless bard
   May best attract your kind regard--
             Plain Jack?--Sir John?--or Eldon?
   Give from your ample store of giving,
   A starving priest some little living--
             The world will cry out 'Well done.'

   "In vain, without a patron's aid,
   I've prayed and preached, and preached and prayed--
             Applauded but ill-fed.
   Such vain éclat let others share;
   Alas, I cannot feed on air--
             I ask not praise, but bread."

Satisfactorily hoaxed by the rhymer, the Chancellor went to Pimlico in search of the clerical
poetaster, and found him not.

Prettier and less comic is the story of Miss Bridge's morning call upon Lord Eldon. The Chancellor
was sitting in his study over a table of papers when a young and lovely girl--slightly rustic
in her attire, slightly embarrassed by the novelty of her position, but thoroughly in command
of her wits--entered the room, and walked up to the lawyer's chair. "My dear," said the Chancellor,
rising and bowing with old-world courtesy, "who are you?" "Lord Eldon," answered the blushing
maiden, "I am Bessie Bridge of Weobly, the daughter of the Vicar of Weobly, and papa has sent
me to remind you of a promise which you made him when I was a little baby, and you were a guest
in his house on the occasion of your first election as member of Parliament for Weobly." "A
promise, my dear young lady?" interposed the Chancellor, trying to recall how he had pledged
himself. "Yea, Lord Eldon, a promise. You were standing over my cradle when papa said to you,
'Mr. Scott, promise me that if ever you are Lord Chancellor, when my little girl is a poor
clergyman's wife, you will give her husband a living;' and you answered, 'Mr. Bridge, my promise
is not worth half-a-crown, but I give it to you, wishing it were worth more.'" Enthusiastically
the Chancellor exclaimed, "You are quite right. I admit the obligation.
