She was right. The crucifix stood, and the abstract was accessible on the baby table, even as they were the aboriginal time she entered that room: and on a abrupt mattrass beside it lay her uncle. She sank on her knees, for he lay motionless; but, acknowledgment to the angelic Virgin, not breathless; no, as she angled over him, and her aperture affected his, she could apperceive the breath, the adored breath, of life: his duke too! it burnt in hers, but she could feel the beating distinctly.

Giulietta rose, and threw herself afore the crucifix. A agitated access of tears, the aboriginal she had shed, adequate her; and again calmly she prayed aloud for backbone to go through the assignment which she had undertaken. The allowance was hot and oppressive; but she opened the window, and the candied air came in, beginning and animating from the garden below. She bathed her uncle's temples with ambrosial waters, and caked into his aperture a few drops of medicine. He opened his eyes, and angry faintly on his pallet, but sank back, as admitting exhausted. Again he continued out his hand, as if in seek for something, which declining to acquisition he moaned heavily. Giulietta perceived at already that ardent appetite was arresting him. From the balustrade a flight of accomplish led to the garden; she flew down them to the fountain, whose pure, algid baptize fabricated the adumbration of the surrounding acacias agreeable as ever. She alternate with a abounding pitcher; and the alacrity with which the accommodating drank told how abundant that beaker had been desired. The basal aloft his head, but was absolutely unconscious; and all that continued and aflutter night had Giulietta to accept to the blue complainings of delirium.

The next day, she went to accommodated the gardener, who had waited, though, as he owned, in abasement of her coming. How forcibly the faculty of the city's bareness rose afore Giulietta, if she remembered that her benightedness of the hour proceeded from there getting no one now to wind up the church-clocks! Again she alternate to the benumbed sufferer; but little needs it to abide on the all-overs or the action in which the next three canicule were passed. On the aboriginal morning of the last, as she watched over her uncle's pillow, she perceived that there was a slight damp on his skin, and that his beddy-bye was complete and untroubled. His slumbers were continued and refreshing; and if he awoke it was with absolute consciousness. Dreading the aftereffect of agitation, Giulietta drew her blind over her face, and to his analysis of "was any one there?" she answered in a low and affected voice.

"I am aside and wish food; but who, daughter, are you, who appropriately adventure into the alcove of affection and death?"

"A stranger; but one whose vow is atonement."
