She was right. Standing crucifix and breviary were open on the table, and was the first time he entered the room and a mattress next to his uncle was rude. He dropped to his knees, then lay still, but thanks to the Blessed Virgin, no breath, no, when he leaned over and touched her lips, she could feel the spiritual, the precious breath of life: his hand too ! burned in her, but she could clearly feel the pulse.

Giulietta rose and fell before the crucifix. A violent burst of tears, the first he had shed his replacement, so calm and prayed aloud for the strength to pass the task he had promised. The room was hot and sensual, but opened the window and the fresh air came in fresh and revitalizing the garden below. He bathed the temples of his uncle with scented water and poured into the mouth a few drops of medicine. He opened his eyes and turned a bit on his pallet, but sank back as if exhausted. Once again, reached out as if looking for something not found groaned loudly. Giulietta sees immediately that burning thirst it was time. From the balcony of a stairway leading to the garden, who flew to the source, if pure, cold water made in the shade of acacia trees that surround music as always. He returned with a jar full, and the zeal with which the patient drank say how much the project had been requested. The Cardinal looked up, but he was completely unconscious, and all night long and terrible had Giulietta hear complain to the melancholy of delirium.

The next day, she went to meet the gardener who had expected, though, as he had, in despair of their future. How is the feeling of power in the abandoned city to Giulietta when reminded that his ignorance of the time was someone now to resolve the church clocks! Once again was the victim unconscious, but rather the need to live in anxiety or stress for the next three days had passed. In the early morning hours in the past, watching on the pillow of his uncle, saw that there was a slight moisture in your skin and your dream was solid and effortless. His dream was long and cool, and when he awoke it was with full awareness. The fear of the effect of agitation, Giulietta attracted veil over his face, and his study of "was someone there?" she said softly and feigned.

"I feel weak and have food, but the daughter, who venture thus into the chamber of sickness and death?"
"A stranger; but one whose vow is atonement."
