She was right. The crucifix stood,
and the breviary was open on the small table, even as they were the first time she entered
that room: and on a rude mattrass beside it lay her uncle. She sank on her knees, for he lay
motionless; but, thanks to the holy Virgin, not breathless; no, as she bent over him, and her
lips touched his, she could perceive the breath, the precious breath, of life: his hand too!
it burnt in hers, but she could feel the pulse distinctly.

Giulietta rose, and threw herself before the crucifix. A violent burst of tears, the first
she had shed, relieved her; and then calmly she prayed aloud for strength to go through the
task which she had undertaken. The room was hot and oppressive; but she opened the window,
and the sweet air came in, fresh and reviving from the garden below. She bathed her uncle's
temples with aromatic waters, and poured into his mouth a few drops of medicine. He opened
his eyes, and turned faintly on his pallet, but sank back, as though exhausted. Again he stretched
out his hand, as if in search for something, which failing to find he moaned heavily. Giulietta
perceived at once that parching thirst was consuming him. From the balcony a flight of steps
led to the garden; she flew down them to the fountain, whose pure, cold water made the shadow
of the surrounding acacias musical as ever. She returned with a full pitcher; and the eagerness
with which the patient drank told how much that draught had been desired. The cardinal raised
his head, but was quite unconscious; and all that long and fearful night had Giulietta to listen
to the melancholy complainings of delirium.

The next day, she went to meet the gardener, who had waited, though, as he owned, in hopelessness
of her coming. How forcibly the sense of the city's desolation rose before Giulietta, when
she remembered that her ignorance of the hour proceeded from there being no one now to wind
up the church-clocks! Again she returned to the unconscious sufferer; but little needs it to
dwell on the anxiety or the exertion in which the next three days were passed. On the early
morning of the last, as she watched over her uncle's pillow, she perceived that there was a
slight moisture on his skin, and that his sleep was sound and untroubled. His slumbers were
long and refreshing; and when he awoke it was with perfect consciousness. Dreading the effect
of agitation, Giulietta drew her veil over her face, and to his inquiry of "was any one there?"
she answered in a low and feigned voice.

"I am faint and want food; but who, daughter, are you, who thus venture into the chamber of
sickness and death?"

"A stranger; but one whose vow is atonement."
