February, 1865. NO.II

David Matson.

John G. Vhittier.

Sandpiper.

They were the family that has long outlived its splendor - Fotheringtons. And although the last generation have kept alive the tradition of it, now did not know this tradition only as a vague dream that may or may not be true, and that, in any case, I had nothing to do with their absolute want of bread and butter, but such as foster pride of the past were prevented from honest work. All those great colonial possessions, nothing remains but to rambling old house and a well worn hereditaments, and although the various parts of the old mansion and I was sold and moved away, still a lot more space than you still need a mother and her five children - mother, whose condition voful it led to a complete disregard Fotheringtons ancestors, children, who are still preserved the happiness in the midst of their poverty in remembering that at the wedding of his great-grandfather is that guests are entertained for a week at home after princely manner. Not that Fotheringtons to this day is a decent look, - coats were turned and strips are pressed, and lace are darned while there was nothing left of them, no one knew exactly how they are poor, which it may be all the harder. The oldest daughter is quite comfortable educated before it's all gone, the older son had pushed his way through college, but with low debt, and is now studying their profession at home, finding many reasons for dissatisfaction, and arguably a bit of patience Sara the troublesome language and fingers, and young Tommy musical fancy, that it is able to exercise on the occasion of his lungs and his shrill little voice all day, and sometimes half the night. It is hard work for the poor Friedrich Fotherington to try and bury themselves in the profundities of its dismal rights-book, and captured their quirks and quotes, when little Sarah was planted at one end of a large, heavy cradle in which the first Fotherington may be rocked, - planted there to be entertained by Tommy, that is, insert the other end, with a hand on both sides, loudly rocked the big ark just across the room from one end to another pipeline in the meantime, as the sergeant's whistle, interminable ballads Fair Rosamond that his sister Margaret he was taught, never dreaming of the evil uses that would be placed over the pipeline Noisia more hit on Frederick the Great
