I.                  FEBRUARY, 1865.                  NO. II.

DAVID MATSON.

                                             John G. Whittier.

THE SANDPIPER.

They were a family that had long outlived their grandeur,--the Fotheringtons. And though the
last generation had been kept alive with traditions of it, the present one knew those traditions
only as vague dreams that might or might not be true, and which, either way, had nothing at
all to do with their absolute want of bread and butter, other than as having fostered past
pride they had hindered honest labor. Of all those great colonial possessions, nothing remained
to them but the rambling old house and its well-worn hereditaments; and though various parts
even of the old mansion itself had been sold and moved away, still much more room remained
than was needed by the mother and her five children,--the mother, whose woful condition had
brought her to an utter contempt of the ancestral Fotheringtons, the children, who yet preserved
a certain happiness in the midst of their poverty in remembering that at their great-grandfather's
wedding a hundred guests were entertained for a week in the house after princely fashion. Not
that the Fotheringtons of to-day did not present a decent appearance;--gowns were turned, and
ribbons were pressed, and laces were darned till there was nothing left of them; nobody knew
exactly how poor they were, which perhaps made it all the harder. The eldest daughters had
been quite comfortably educated before everything was gone; the elder son had pushed his own
way through college with but small debt, and was now studying his profession at home, finding
much reason for unhappiness, and vexed out of patience by little Sarah's troublesome tongue
and fingers, and young Tommy's musical fancy, which occasioned him opportunity of exercising
his lungs and his shrill little voice all day long and sometimes half the night. It was hard
work for poor Frederick Fotherington to try and bury himself in the dismal profundities of
his law-books, and the quirks and catches of their citations, when little Sarah had been planted
at one end of the great, lumbering cradle in which the first Fotherington might have been rocked,--planted
there to be entertained by Tommy, who, inserting himself at the other end, with a hand on either
side, loudly rocked the great ark quite across the room from one end to the other, piping meanwhile,
like a boatswain's whistle, an interminable ballad of the Fair Rosamond that his sister Margaret
had taught him, without ever dreaming of the evil use to which it would be put, and piping
the more noisily the more he guessed at Frederick's annoyance.
