It would have been subjected to violence in Reign of Terror, conflicting passions of the congregation, and weakness incoherent directory. For the first time since the death of Louis XIV., Finds its history once more a center, and now revolves around one man. For fifteen years, victorious or defeated, the summit of greatness or the depths of relegation, France and Europe, through overmastered will irreducible and passion for unbridled power, they had to waste their blood and treasure that Universal Home General Bonaparte history for its own applications, and he was able to cover with glory and crime.

The next day, Brumaire 18, the uncertainty of the parties, before a constitution audaciously violated, and a provisional government, mainly, the nation was more than happy receptive or alarmed. It caught a glimpse of the physical power and the rise of genius that people freely give up voluntarily, with a confidence that most bitter lies were never able to extinguish. Hot and honest Republicans, less and less numerous, they felt captured in advance by a sure instinct was not misled by their opponents protest. They have bent before a new power, which did not give their old hatred which they believed to be somehow created their own hands, and dared not yet measured. Mass of the population, even France, welcomed with joy and hope of an administration order regular and strong. They were not prejudiced in favor of philosophical constitution, promulgated long Sieyes. In the eyes of the nation, the government has been concentrated in the hands of General Bonaparte, he was confident that all were to rest at home and glory abroad and peace.

In fact, he was already driving, regardless of extended discussion by two legislative committees and the development of deep draft Sieyes, set by M. Boulay. Before the Constitution of Year VIII, received the sanction of his will dominate, he repealed the law of hostages, recalled priests banned from the Isle of Oleron, and the Sinnamari carried most of the 18 Fructidor. He reformed ministry, and distributed by army chief orders his pleasure.
