She had undergone the violence of the Reign of Terror, the contradictory
passions of the Assemblies, and the incoherent feebleness of the Directory. For the first time
since the death of King Louis XIV., her history finds once more a centre, and henceforth revolves
round a single man. For fifteen years, victorious or vanquished, at the summit of glory, or
in the depths of abasement, France and Europe, overmastered by an indomitable will and unbridled
passion for power, were compelled to squander their blood and their treasure upon that page
of universal history which General Bonaparte claims for his own, and which he has succeeded
in covering with glory and crime.

On the day following the 18th Brumaire, in the uncertainty of parties, in face of a constitution
audaciously violated, and a government mainly provisional, the nation was more excited than
apprehensive or disquieted. It had caught a glimpse of that natural power and that free ascendancy
of genius to which men willingly abandon themselves, with a confidence which the most bitter
deceptions have never been able to extinguish. Ardent and sincere republicans, less and less
numerous, felt themselves conquered beforehand, by a sure instinct that was not misled by the
protest of their adversaries. They bent before a new power, to which their old hatreds did
not attach, which they believed to be in some sort created by their own hands, and of which
they had not yet measured the audacity. The mass of the population, the true France, hailed
with joy the hope of order and of a regular and strong administration. They were not prejudiced
in favor of the philosophic constitution so long propounded by Sieyes. In the eyes of the nation,
the government was already concentrated in the hands of General Bonaparte; it was in him that
all were trusting, for repose at home and glory and peace abroad.

In fact, he was governing already, disregarding the prolonged discussions of the two legislative
commissions, and the profound developments of the projects of Sieyes, expounded by M. Boulay.
Before the Constitution of the year VIII, received the sanction of his dominant will, he had
repealed the Law of Hostages, recalled the proscribed priests from the Isle of Oleron, and
from Sinnamari most of those transported on 18th Fructidor. He had reformed the ministry, and
distributed according to his pleasure the chief commands in the army.
