Ibsen tried to add his poetry by way of ornament, and gave us a poet who used certain catchwords such as 'vine-leaves in the hair' in this poem and 'harps in the air' in The Master-builder.  In Little Eyolf it took a human form and became the Rat-wife, while in John Gabriel Borkman it became 'a dead man and two shadows'.  In When we Dead Awaken he used chilly allegory.  

In his earlier works Ibsen studied diseases of society and considered only the individual and their relation to society.  Currently he has turned to the individual conscience.  Only life itself intrigues him now, and only life that is frevently alive; the irony has fallen from his scheme.  The awesome and experimental artist comes back, no longer external, but curious about death.  The scientific man, searching for something beyond science, stretches back, though uncomfortably, to the nursery legend of the Rat-wife in Little Eyolf.  

The Rat-wife isn't reality or fantasy, Mother Bombier or Macbeth's withces, but the child of a supernaturalism that does not believe it self.  In John Gabriel Borkman, Ibsen demonstrates his mastery of construction and creates a play with four acts with a short pause of one minute between each.  He appears to be tired of the old routine, lies and misunderstandings, and the irony of everything.  He has fierce anger and sees the underlying madness in everything.

In The Master-builder, isn't 'ideal' awake again, not really a desire to open up to younger generations?  Isn't it the younger generations that find themslves at home there?  Isn't Peer Gynt rehashed, and riding through the air on the backs of reindeer?  

In When we Dead Awaken everyone is insane, acting out a charade with clear consciouses and deliver their performance dead-pan, albeit a bit taxed.

In his last plays there are an abundance of qualities, not as forced and specific as in Ghosts, so we can see the revenge of the imaginatist on the realist.  He has come to be uninterested in the plight of society upon individuals, but instead focuses on an individual's soul lost or saved.  It appears that he has at last discovered the soul, but he is not sure where to go from here now that he has found it.  Is he still searching or has he found what he has been longing for?
