Ibsen has tried to add his
poetry by way of ornament, and gives us a trivial and inarticulate poet about whom float certain
catchwords. Here the chief catchword is 'vine-leaves in the hair'; in The Master-builder it
is 'harps in the air'; in Little Eyolf it takes human form and becomes the Rat-wife; in John
Gabriel Borkman it drops to the tag of 'a dead man and two shadows'; in When we Dead Awaken
there is nothing but icy allegory. All that queer excitement of The Master-builder, that 'ideal'
awake again, is it not really a desire to open one's door to the younger generation? But is
it the younger generation that finds itself at home there? is it not rather Peer Gynt back
again, and the ride through the air on the back of the reindeer?

In his earlier plays Ibsen had studied the diseases of society, and he had considered the individual
only in his relation to society. Now he turns to study the diseases of the individual conscience.
Only life interests him now, and only life feverishly alive; and the judicial irony has gone
out of his scheme of things. The fantastic, experimental artist returns, now no longer external,
but become morbidly curious. The man of science, groping after something outside science, reaches
back, though with a certain uneasiness, to the nursery legend of the Rat-wife in Little Eyolf;
and the Rat-wife is neither reality nor imagination, neither Mother Bombie nor Macbeth's witches,
but the offspring of a supernaturalism that does not believe in itself. In John Gabriel Borkman,
which is the culmination of Ibsen's skill in construction, a play in four acts with only the
pause of a minute between each, he is no longer content to concern himself with the old material,
lies or misunderstandings, the irony of things happening as they do; but will have fierce hatreds,
and a kind of incipient madness in things. In When we Dead Awaken all the people are quite
consciously insane, and act a kind of charade with perfectly solemn faces and a visible effort
to look their parts.

In these last plays, with their many splendid qualities, not bound together and concentrated
as in Ghosts, we see the revenge of the imagination upon the realist, who has come to be no
longer interested in the action of society upon the individual, but in the individual as a
soul to be lost or saved. The man of science has discovered the soul, and does not altogether
know what to do with it.
