We are not able at the present time to fix
     these limits, but our ultimate object will be to determine and fix
     such limits for the specifications.

     "With reference to the amount of discard, time of holding in ladle,
     size of nozzles, and other such details of manufacture or
     machinery, we are of the opinion that the physical and chemical
     tests required should be prescribed, and that we should see that
     the material submitted for acceptance meets the prescribed tests.
     We should not dictate to the manufacturers the amount of crop which
     shall be removed from the top of the ingot, as this should vary
     with the care and time consumed at the various mills. The railroads
     should not be asked to take anything but sound material in their
     rails. The mills can furnish such sound material if the proper care
     and sufficient time are taken in the making of the ingots.
     Information derived from the tests being made at the Watertown
     Arsenal shows definitely that sound rails cannot be made from
     unsound ingots, and that, therefore, the prime requisite in
     securing a sound rail is to first secure the sound ingot.

     "We recommend that the present Specifications for Steel Rails be
     withdrawn from the Manual of Recommended Practice of the
     Association, as no longer representing the current state of the
     art.

     "We submit herewith, as Appendix 'A,' a form for specifications. It
     will have to be amended from time to time as we receive further
     information on the subject."

The specifications referred to above were modified and presented at the Meeting in Supplement
to Bulletin No. 121, of March, 1910, and in this final form are attached hereto.

These specifications do not represent the work of any one Society or the work of any one Committee,
but are the result of all the work of the different Societies, as the members of all are so
interwoven that whatever work is done in any one Society, or by the Committee of a Society,
has very naturally and fortunately been carried into the others.

At the Chicago Meeting these specifications were accepted without a single change, and this
is very unusual and shows how generally acceptable they were, as the members of all Rail Committees
were present at the Meeting. The main points in this specification were discussed and agreed
upon by the members of the Committee and the Rail Committee of the manufacturers who have co-operated
with them in this work.

In the matter of Rail Sections, the Rail Committee of The American Railway Engineering and
Maintenance of Way Association has not arrived at any definite conclusions.
