We are not capable at the current instance to fix these limits, but our eventual purpose will be to decide and fix such restrictions for the condition. 

"With suggestion to the quantity of discard, time of holding in ladle, dimension of nozzles, and additional such facts of make or equipment, we are of the view that the bodily and chemical tests necessary must be arranged, and that we should see that the substance submitted for receipt meets the given tests. We should not read out to the manufacturers the quantity of harvest which shall be detached from the top of the ingot, as this should differ with the concern and occasion consumed at the different mills. The railroads should not be asked to get something but sound stuff in their rails. The mills can provide such sound stuff if the suitable concern and adequate time are in use during the manufacture of the ingots. Information derived from the tests being prepared at the Watertown Arsenal shows absolutely that sound rails cannot be finished from unstable ingots, and that, therefore, the major necessary in securing a sound rail is to initial secure the sound ingot. 

"We advise that the current Specifications for Steel Rails be withdrawn from the Manual of Recommended Practice of the Association, as no longer representing the modern state of the art. 

"We present with this, as Appendix 'A,' a form for qualifications. It will have to be amended from time to time as we obtain more information on the topic." 

The qualifications referred to above be customized and presented at the Meeting in Supplement to Bulletin No. 121, of March, 1910, and in this finishing form are attached hereto. 
These specifications do not symbolize the job of any one Society or the labor of any one Committee, but are the outcome of every job of the diverse Societies, as the members of all are so interwoven that no matter what labor is completed in any one Society, or by the Committee of a Society, has extremely naturally and luckily been passed into the others. 

At the Chicago Meeting these stipulation were acknowledged with no change, and this is extremely strange and shows how usually acceptable they were, as the members of every Rail Committees were there at the Meeting. The major points in this requirement were discussed and settled upon by the members of the Committee and the Rail Committee of the manufacturers who have co-operated with them in this job. 

In the subject of Rail Sections, the Rail Committee of The American Railway Engineering and Maintenance of Way Association has not arrived at some exact conclusion.
