To do this, he should carefully ear syringe once or twice daily with a weak solution (1 grain to the ounce) of potassium permanganate, using an all-rubber ear-syringe.

Then he should get someone to lie and upper spine bones and muscles to massage the back of the throat to induce, thus, improved circulation in the nerves and blood vessels from that side of the spine in the ears. In this way he will be able to ensure elimination of poisons lurking in your ear clogging are bad and thus promote less noise and better health status of the ears in general. Diet should be modified as follows: -

Growth .-- On one or two cups of hot water with lemon juice added.

8. Breakfast .-- apples, oranges or other fruits only. Get plenty of fruit at this table and eat it at any other time.

12. Lunch .-- A boiled egg or cream cheese: Oatcakes and butter or biscuits good meal ("PR" or "Ixion" types) and butter and a bowl of finely grated raw roots (carrot, turnip, etc.. )

One cup of tea table .-- Hygiama using water instead of milk.

Dinner .-- cheddar cheese or cottage cheese (the latter is best), potatoes and a green vegetable, cooked by baking or steaming, without salt. No soup or meat. (Particularly meat and meat broths are very undesirable in this case.)

.-- Bedtime hot water only.

Another case of deafness.

J.A.B. writes: - I was a reader of healthy living for the past six months, and are suffering from a complaint since I was three years. Three years when I was attacked by scarlet fever on getting better and I had a discharge from my right ear. This continued for several years, then disappear and reappear every few weeks short of saying. This past year discharge disappeared for six months, only to reappear again for a week with severe back pain over the right shoulder and right side of the neck. I always feel weak and tired reappear when the discharge and sometimes experience pain in the head and can not remember anything for several minutes.

This authority needs a proper diet to purify blood flow and promote the elimination of body poisons affecting the ears clear. He needs massage also appropriate and stretching movements applied to the upper spine, which functions poorly.
