To effect this he should
carefully syringe the ear once or twice a day with a weak solution (1 grain to the ounce) of
permanganate of potash, using an all-rubber ear-syringe.

Then he should get someone to well stretch the upper bones of the spine and to massage well
the muscles at the back of the neck to induce, thereby, a better circulation in the nerves
and blood-vessels which proceed from that part of the spine into the ears. In this way he will
be able to ensure a removal of the clogging poisons which are lurking in the bad ear and thus
promote less noises and a better health state of the ears generally. The diet should be amended
as follows:--

On rising.--One or two cups of warm water, with lemon juice added.

At 8. Breakfast.--Apples, oranges or other fruit only. Take plenty of fruit at this meal and
eat it at no other time.

At 12. Lunch.--One boiled egg or some cream cheese: Oatcakes and butter or good wholemeal biscuits
("P.R." or "Ixion" kinds) and butter, and a plateful of finely grated raw roots (carrots, turnip,
etc.).

Tea meal.--One cupful of Hygiama, using water in place of milk.

Dinner.--Cheddar cheese or cottage cheese (the latter is best); potatoes and a green vegetable,
cooked by baking or steaming, without salt. No broth or meat. (Meat and especially meat broths
are very undesirable in this case.)

Before retiring.--Hot water only.

ANOTHER CASE OF DEAFNESS.

    J.A.B. writes:--I have been a reader of The Healthy Life for
    the last six months, and am suffering from a complaint since I
    was three years old. When three years old I was attacked by
    scarlet fever and on getting better I had a discharge from my
    right ear. This continued for several years, then it would
    disappear and reappear at short intervals of say a few weeks.
    This last few years the discharge has disappeared for six months,
    only to reappear again for a week with severe pains in back over
    right shoulder and right side of neck. I always feel weak and
    tired when discharge reappears and sometimes experience pains in
    the head and cannot remember anything for a few minutes.

This correspondent needs a suitable diet in order to purify his blood stream and to promote
elimination of bodily poisons which are evidently affecting his ears. He also needs suitable
massage and stretching movements applied to the upper part of the spine, which is functioning
badly.
