To the effect that the ear syringe should be carefully once or twice a day with low resolution (1 grain to the ounce) of permanganate and potash, using all-rubber ear syringe.

Then it should be a good long stretch of the upper spine bones and muscles are good massage on the back side door to kick, and therefore better circulation in the nerves and blood vessels of which continue from the spine in the ears. In this way he will be able to provide the removal of toxins that block are lurking in the bad ear, and thus less noise and promote better health of your ears at all. Nutrition should be amended as follows: -

Raising .-- One or two cups of hot water with lemon juice added.

In the 8th Breakfast .-- apples, oranges or other fruits only. Take plenty of fruit to this meal and eat it no other way.

In the 12th Dinner .-- One egg or cream cheese: Oatcakes and butter or a good whole wheat biscuits ("PR" or "Ixion" types) and butter, and a full plate of finely grated raw roots (carrot, turnip, etc.).

Tea meal .-- One cupful of Higiama, using water instead of milk.

Dinner .-- Cheddar cheese or cheese (the latter is best), potatoes and green vegetables cooked by steaming or baking, without salt. No soup or meat. (Meat, especially meat and soup are very undesirable in this case.)

Prior to retirement .-- Hot water alone.

ANOTHER CASE deafness.

J.A.B. writes: - I have been a reader of healthy life for the past six months, and suffering from the complaint since I was three years. When the three years I was attacked by scarlet fever and I'm getting better discharge from my right ear. This continued for several years, then disappear and reappear in such short intervals of several weeks. The last few years of discharge was gone for six months, only to reappear again in a week with severe pain in the back over the right shoulder and right side door. I always feel weak and tired when the discharge again, and sometimes experience pain in the head and can not remember anything for several minutes.

This reporter needs suitable nutrition how to cleanse your bloodstream and to promote the elimination of bodily toxins are evident impact on their ears. It is also suitable for the needs of massage and stretching movements applied to the top of the spine, which is poorly functioning.
