The art itself and all its necessary discipline, was ridiculous. In this black period, had the vice president succeeded in freedom and under all that fear was the temperament of the good times taste for mischief and liberal sciences. composition of dignity was no longer in use. He had no power to stop the torrent of vice which threw the city of Rome, and virtue is a weak protection. In this cycle, it was not safe to talk about feelings at heart. To be ambiguous, abrupt, and dark was the best. So he promptly affected sententious became fashionable. To speak concisely, and with an air of rain, it was general practice. Working in the ruin of an accused person, a single sentence, or a brilliant penalty was sufficient. The men argued in a brilliant short term, and if this does not protect them, who died in a lively epigram, and his last words were genius. It was the fashion introduced by Seneca. The peculiar, but pleasant vices of his style, eloquence wrought destruction. The solid was exchanged for the gifted and those speakers were no longer considered to be brilliant.

Seventh Too late, yes, we have seen the beginning of better times. Over the past six years has revived the hopes Vespasian [a]. Friend of regular habits and promote the ancient virtue of which Rome was elevated to the highest pinnacle of glory, has restored the public peace, and with the blessings of liberty. Under favorable effect starts with the art and science of new flowering and genius has been honored with his generosity. In the example of their [children b] has helped to ignite the spirit of emulation. We have seen with pleasure the two princes to add to the dignity of his rank, and his fame in arms, all the grace and elegance of polite literature. But is fatally true that when the public taste is when it is damaged, the mind has been uneven, rarely recovers its tone before. This difficulty became even more insurmountable by the libertine spirit of our youth and popular acclaim, called the false taste of the times. It is not necessary in this company, call to mind the unbridled presumption, which, after the expiry true eloquence, the young men took possession of the Forum. Low value and nothing new old ways. We know that in times past, the young candidate was introduced in the forum of a person [range consular c] and he has claimed on his way to fame. The laudable practice is completed, all fences were thrown down: no sense of shame still, no respect for the courts.
