Art itself, and all the discipline necessary to become ridiculous. In that dark period when Vice triumphed at large, and virtue have everything to fear, temperament or taste corruptors was conducive and liberal science. Dignity of composition was no longer useful. He had no power to stop the torrent of vice that filled the city of Rome, and found under a weak protection. In such a situation, it was not safe to speak the feelings of the heart. To be obscure, suddenly, and darkness was the best use. Then it was that affected sententious brevity came into vogue. To speak concisely, and with an air of precipitation was general practice. To work ruin a person accused, a beautiful single sentence or phrase, was enough. Men defended themselves in a brilliant speech short, and if not protect, they died with a lively aphorism, and the last words were spirit. This was introduced Seneca fashion. Private but pleasant vices of his style, forged drop eloquence. Changed for brilliant sound, and they ceased to be orators, he studied to be ingenious.

7. Late, indeed, we saw the dawn of better times. During the past six years Vespasian revived our hopes [a]. Friend of regular manners and old supporter of virtue, by which Rome was built to the highest peak of glory, he restored public peace, and with it the blessings of liberty. Under the influence of the proposed arts and sciences begin to flourish again, genius and was honored by his liberality. Example [sons b] helped ignite a spirit of emulation. I watched with pleasure, the two gentlemen adding to the dignity of their rank, their fame in arms, all grace and elegance of polite literature. But it is inevitably true that when the public taste is once corrupted, the mind has been distorted, very rarely recover her former tone. This difficulty was rendered even more insurmountable by the licentious spirit of our youth and popular acclaim, which encouraged false or taste. I do not need in this company, call to mind unbridled presumption, which, as soon as genuine eloquence expired, young age came into possession of the board. Nothing of value remained modest and old ways. We know that in former times was brought youthful candidate forum by a person of consular rank [c], and he set forward his way to fame. This is usually a laudable goal, all fences were thrown: no sense of shame left, no respect for courts of justice.
