To show his
indifference about his own character, as well as about the opinion of the public, these opposite
declarations were inserted in one of our daily papers, and both were signed "Roederer."

In 1789, he was indebted above one million two hundred thousand livres--and he now possesses
national property purchased for seven millions of livres--and he avows himself to be worth
three millions more in money placed in our public funds.  He often says, laughingly, that he
is under great obligations to Robespierre, whose guillotine acquitted in one day all his debts.
All his creditors, after being denounced for their aristocracy, were murdered en masse by this
instrument of death.

Of all the old beaux and superannuated libertines whose company I have had the misfortune of
not being able to avoid, Roederer is the most affected, silly, and disgusting.  His wrinkled
face, and effeminate and childish air; his assiduities about every woman of beauty or fashion;
his confidence in his own merit, and his presumption in his own power, wear such a curious
contrast with his trembling hands, running eyes, and enervated person, that I have frequently
been ready to laugh at him in his face, had not indignation silenced all other feeling.  A
light-coloured wig covers a bald head; his cheeks and eyelids are painted, and his teeth false;
and I have seen a woman faint away from the effect of his breath, notwithstanding that he infects
with his musk and perfumes a whole house only with his presence.  When on the ground floor
you may smell him in the attic.

LETTER XXXVIII.

PARIS, September, 1805.

MY LORD:--The reciprocal jealousy and even interest of Austria, France, and Russia have hitherto
prevented the tottering Turkish Empire from being partitioned, like Poland, or seized, like
Italy; to serve as indemnities, like the German empire; or to be shared, as reward to the allies,
like the Empire of Mysore.

When we consider the anarchy that prevails, both in the Government and among the subjects,
as well in the capital as in the provinces of the Ottoman Porte; when we reflect on the mutiny
and cowardice of its armies and navy, the ignorance and incapacity of its officers and military
and naval commanders, it is surprising, indeed, as I have heard Talleyrand often declare, that
more foreign political intrigues should be carried on at Constantinople alone than in all other
capitals of Europe taken together.
