Since there is no space available Charlestown cannot have any park.However they can have one if they can build an annex! We can see parks in East ad South Boston. west Roxbury has a very good park. Bussey farm which was ommited inadvertently is also a interesting.fter this comes the jamaica Pond and Chestnut Resorvoir park.
I therefore say that citizens according to their residence and accessobility will decide and plan economically with auspicious time. It is therefore hoped that you all with unanimity adopt resolutions and be in touch with city governments to proceed at once.(Applause)
I have great pleasure in introducing to you Dr. OLIVER WENDELL HOLMES who is an able spokesman as well as physician.THE PRESIDENT Allusion has been made to the "Hub of the Universe" and you will know that when anything is the matter with that Hub, daignosis can be effecteively made by Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes.

SPEECH OF DR. OLIVER WENDELL HOLMES.

On the few remarks on the vital subject offered by the silent profession you will not ask for any rhetoric or eloquence. what can be eloquence than the empty voice which announces that the annual death-rate in Boston as being 26.18 against 23.7 that of London which is great paved nation,against 19.3 that of Philadelphia and approching New York and New Orleons which are our two unhealthiest cities?Due to excessive mortality rates among infants and children under five years of age this high death-rate has been shown.Cholera-infantum is the name given by the our American practioners for this most fatal disease which assail them is that destruction which wasteth at noonday.This disease prevails chiefly and almost completely from June to October, the season when out- of- door activities are most common and needed.for the period August and September the weekly record is that of pestilence. This destrying and dredful angel consumes the firstborn and mreoften than not still, the last-born from almost all the househo;d in certain districts, as in the heaviest curse laid in Egypt.
