Charlestown cannot have a park, because it
is built over, and there is no room for one. If there was room, they would have one. They must
annex; and then they can have a park. [Laughter.] East Boston has a park; South Boston has
a park; then comes the great West Roxbury Park; then comes the Bussey Farm, which I omitted
to mention; and then comes Jamaica Pond and Chestnut Hill Reservoir Park, and the park roads
connecting them all, and uniting them; and then the water-front on all that part of the city
of Boston where the water-fronts are not needed for commerce.

I say, therefore, this plan is equitably divided among the citizens according to their residence;
and it is accessible to all, and the plan is economical, and the time is auspicious. Therefore
I hope that you will with unanimity adopt the resolutions, and call upon the city government
to proceed at once. [Applause.]

THE PRESIDENT. Allusion has been made to the "Hub of the Universe;" and you will all understand,
that, when any thing is the matter with that Hub, the diagnosis must be made not only by an
able physician, but by an able spokesman. [Laughter and applause.] I have great pleasure in
introducing to you one who combines both, and a hundred other qualities, Dr. OLIVER WENDELL
HOLMES. [Applause.]

SPEECH OF DR. OLIVER WENDELL HOLMES.

You will not ask for rhetoric or eloquence in the few remarks upon a vital subject to be offered
you by a member of the silent profession. What could be so eloquent as the hollow voice which
announces the Boston annual death-rate as being 26.18 against 23.7, that of the great paved
nation of London; against 19.3, that of Philadelphia; and approaching that of our two unhealthiest
cities, New York and New Orleans? This high death-rate has been shown to be largely due to
the excessive mortality among infants and children under five years of age. The most fatal
of the diseases which assail them is that destruction which wasteth at noonday, to which our
American practitioners give the name of cholera-infantum. And this disease prevails chiefly,
almost entirely, from June to October, the season when all out-of-door influences are most
tempting and most needed. The weekly record of August and September is that of a pestilence.
The destroying angel carries off the firstborn, and, oftener still, the last-born, out of almost
every household in certain districts, as in the heaviest curse laid on Egypt.
