Costansó remained the capital and took part in several engineering, among others, map in the Valley of Mexico and its drainage. diligent search by the writer set in Mexico and Spain in terms of history still Portola, has so far revealed little beyond the fact that the return to capital commander was followed by promotion from captain to lieutenant colonel in the Spanish Royal Army and his appointment as Governor of Puebla, 23/02/1777.

The municipal archives of Puebla city, on page 33 of the foil covering the years 1776-1783, the following description of Portola taking possession of the office of Governor of that city and state:

"Possession of Portola governor."

"The session (meeting of February 23d, 1777), the Council saw a royal title by political and military governor of the city given by His Majesty the Señor Don Gaspar Portola, the Royal Army lieutenant colonel, and also a higher order of His Excellency Viceroy, Governor and Captain General of the Spain in November, stating that the title said it was sent. "

"President of the Council, standing and uncovered, took the title in hand and kissed it and put it over your head, being a letter from the king, our master, and said that he did listen and hear content its and its provisions, it was ordered by Lt. Col. Don Gaspar Portola give possession of said office, and to this end said corporation noble messengers came to bring him to the hail of sessions, and when he was a notary public have identity certificates, he vowed to use fairly well at the office of governor, to do justice, punish, and not burden the poor with excessive fees to maintain and that will cause be held, rights, privileges, royal decrees and ordinances, etc. "

"Having signed the oath, the President gave the cane to the Royal court, by the act of possession was completed."

In the same volume decrees and orders signed by Portola many as Governor of Puebla.

That in 1779, Portola was still Governor of Puebla is proved two original manuscripts in possession of writer. One official announcement is a circular to all heads of Mexico authorities, announcing the death of Viceroy Don Antonio y Ursua Frey Bucareli, and demonstrated by this and the other is a letter from Don Gaspar Portola, dated 17-04-1779.
