A preacher who could deliver a sermon that stays in one’s memory in all its details over half a century is indeed a very rare and special person.  Such a person is Dr. James Hamilton, Pastor of the Presbyterian Church in Regent’s Square. He is a preacher who should always be remembered, never forgotten. Dr. Hamilton was a powerful preacher and writer and was well known both in England and the United States of America. He was a tall, good looking and friendly person, with a warm smile of welcome for his guests. It was my privilege to meet him in London in 1857. I shall always remember how he welcomed me in his study. He took both my hands in his, greeting me with the friendliest of smiles and a cordiality that was heartwarming. Wouldn’t it be just wonderful if all the ministers of the church would be so friendly and welcoming to strangers!

I attended his church in Regent’s Square. There is usually a lot of excellent singing. The choir would render selections form the old Scottish versions of Psalms. Though Dr. Hamilton would begin his sermon, clad in a gown as befitting a pastor, he would just take it off without ado when it became too hot for him! He had a wonderfully melodious voice but his gestures were anything but fluid. They were usually awkward. That Sunday, the sermon was based on the familiar text, “My soul thirsteth for the Living God”. As he spoke one was transported to the parched and hot wilderness, and one could feel the agony of thirst in that awful desert. How wonderful it felt to have water come pouring out of an artesian well, flooding the desert and transforming it into a green garden that was a balm for the sore eyes. He could make everyone of us, sitting there in the church, listening to his description of the desolation of the desert feel the joy of getting relief form agonizing thirst. Jesus, he said, in his love for us will floods our dry and parched hearts with his life giving grace and beauty, when we let him into our lives.

Five years later I dined with him and Rev. William Arnot who later wrote Dr. Hamilton’s biography. I also had the honor to give the message preparatory to Holy Communion, the following Sunday. On my way to London, I had to halt in Birmingham. This gave me a chance to listen to Robert Moffat, the Apostle of South Africa. The meeting was in the City Hall and the place was packed. The audience was very enthusiastic and applauded his talk on his mission abroad.
