The crape round his hat might, I thought, account for that; and as he did not see me, I accosted him with an inquiry after his health, and the reason of his being in mourning. He received me very cordially, and in an instant cast off the abstracted manner I had noticed. His father, he informed me, was gone--had died about seven months previously, and he was alone now at Ash Farm--why didn't I run down there to see him sometimes,&c.? Ourconversation was interrupted by a summons to dinner, very cheerfully complied with;and we both--at least I can answer for myself--did ample justice to a more than usually capital dinner, even in those capital old market-dinner times. We were very jolly afterwards, and amazingly truimphant over the frost-bitten, snow-buried soldier-banditti that had so long lorded it over continental Europe. Dutton did not partake of the general hilarity. There was a sneer upon his lip during the whole time, which, however, found no expression in words.

'How quiet you are, James Dutton!' cried a loud voice from out the dense smoke-cloud that by this time completely enveloped us. On looking towards the spot from whence the ringing tones came, a jolly, round face--like the sun as seen through a London fog-glearned redly dull from out the thick and choking atmosphere.

'Everybody,' rejoined Dutton, 'hasn't had the luck to sell two hundred quarters of wheat at to-day's price, as you have, Torn Southhall.'

'That's true, my boy,' returned Master Southall,sending, in the plenitude of his satisfaction, a jet of smoke towards us with astonishing force. 'And, I say, Jem, I'll tell ee what I'll clap on ten guineas more upon what I offered for the brown mare.'

'Donel! She's yours, Tom, then, for ninety guineas!'

'Gie's your hand upon it!' cried Tom Southall, jumping up from his chair, and stretching a fist as big as a leg of mutton--well, say lamb-over the table. 'And here--here,'he added, with a nexultant chuckle, as he extricated a swollen canvas-bag from his pocket--'here's the dips at once.'

This transaction excited a great deal of surprise at our part of the table; and Dutton was rigorously cross-questioned as to his reason for parting with his favourite hunting mare.

'The truth is, friends,'said Dutton at last, 'I mean to give up farming, and'--

'Give up farmin'!'broke in half-a-dozen voices. 'Lord!'

'Yes; I don't like it. I shall buy a commission in the army.
