A vast majority was opposed to them even in the fourth century. There
were doubtless large numbers of Christians at Rome, Antioch, Alexandria, Corinth, Ephesus,
and other populous cities, in the third century, and also there were powerful churches in the
great centres of trade, where people of all nations congregated; but they were exposed to bitter
persecutions, and they durst not be ostentatious, not even in those edifices where they congregated
for the worship of Jehovah. For two centuries they worshiped God in secret and lonely places,
exposed to persecution and scorn. Not only were the Christians few in number, when compared
with the whole population, but they were chiefly confined to the humble classes. In the first
century not many wise or noble were called. No great names have been handed down to us. Now
and then a centurion was converted, or some dependent on a great man's household, or some servant
in the imperial family; but no philosophers, or statesmen, or nobles, or generals, or governors,
or judges, or magistrates. In the first century the Christians were not of sufficient importance
to be generally persecuted by the government. They had not even arrested public attention.
Nobody wrote against them, not even Greek philosophers. We do not read of protests or apologies
from the Christians themselves. No contemporary historian or poet alludes to them. They had
no great men in their ranks, either for learning, or talents, or wealth, or social position.
In the cities they were chiefly artisans, slaves, servants, or mechanics, and in the country
they were peasants. They were unlettered, plebeian, unimportant. If there were distinguished
converts, we do not know their names. Ecclesiastical history is silent as to distinguished
persons except as persecutors, or as great contemporaries. We read of the calamities of the
Jews, of Herod Agrippa, of Philo, of Nero's persecution, of the emperors, but not of Christians.
Eusebius does not narrate a single interesting or important fact which took place in the first
century through the agency of a great man. We know scarcely more than what is contained in
the New Testament. We read that Clement was bishop of Rome, but know nothing of his administration.
We do not know whether or not he was a man of any worldly consideration. Nothing in history
is more barren than the annals of the church in the first century, so far as great names are
concerned.
