Waiting was a contemptuous  advancing  wherever practised, and  observing  required eyes, which Heaven knows the PREMIER woefully lacked. (Cheers.) What right had an incorrigible hoodwinker such as Mr. ASQUITH  towards   tell  anyone  towards  see? It was monstrous. Let the  civilians   remove  this impostor without a twinge of compunction, and the sooner the better. As  towards  swapping  horses   within  mid-stream being unwise,  possibly  it was, but it was not unwise  within  the  distance  that waiting  towards  see was. (Applause.)

Another masked gentleman, whom was realised towards be "Callisthenes" of Oxford Street, already escalated towards earn a few practical suggestions. He remarked that as the alone writer whom wrote what was technically the leading article within four evening papers every day, he certainly deserved speak with a number of authority. The question was how towards get it into the country's brain that England's alone likelihood for recovering her pride and successful the War was towards cry stinking fish? (Loud cheers.) Well, the greatest distance was towards keep onto remarking it within and out of season. His experience had lectured him that everything shall carry remarking not merely three moments, but three thousand moments and three.

Mr. AMERY remarked it was silly towards imagine that any Cabinet Minister wished the War towards end or England towards be victorious. The contrary was an axiom onto which the complete future of his political creed was based. One had but towards glance at them towards see how flabby and vacillating they were and how devoted towards the pickings of office.

Mr. HOGGE remarked that the Chairman within his gate words had disregarded one of the most precious media for transmitting the blessed news that England was at her last gasp, throttled via place-hunters and parasites. That was the flavor stage. It was wonderful what a nice comic tune could do. He had heard one alone the night ahead of, within which its singer had been vociferously applauded at the end of a verse which reported that there were already none German spies within England because they had everybody been naturalised and granted War Office clerkships. That was the kind of house truth which the social appreciated and even remunerated their finance towards hear. There could not be too a lot singles of that kind.

Mr. BERNARD SHAW remarked that another distance was towards induce publishers towards effect novel and revised editions of those popular journalists whom had been disappointed via impulsiveness or short-sight into eulogies of England. He remembered numerous such unfortunate outbursts within the works of the national poet.
