A quick explanation held which revealed that all documents sent to North Carolina on one of Mary Smith, but whose freedom she had acquired, was another Mary Smith.

Governor Everett had a consistently laughed when told Father Snowden happy result of his letter to the Governor of North Carolina.

Moral of this story is that a simple name, common, sometimes it's useful to its owner, but a brilliant one.

NOTE .-- I tried to give facts of Mary Smith's story with exact precision, writing only from memory, without the written anything. It is possible I may be mistaken in some circumstances insignificant.

Freedom - Liberty.

Freedom and Liberty are synonymes. Freedom is an essence, Liberty, an accident. Freedom is born with a man, Liberty may be granted him. Freedom is progressive, Liberty is circumscribed. Freedom is God's gift, Liberty, the creature of society. Freedom can be taken from a man, but a kind of soul freedom may come down during that time the soul is up afterwards and society, customs, laws, armies, but they are wythes in its giant grasp, if objects, instruments to work its will, if they assent. Welcome to human nature born a free soul with respect and shoutings, joy in the emergence of a fresh off-shoot of Whole Divine, of which it is only a part.

New York, November 22D, 1853.

A suction.

You want my autograph. Allow me then to sign my friend every effort for human emancipation in our country and worldwide. God speed the day when all chains fall from the limbs and heart, and universal freedom co-exist with universal justice and universal peace. In this paper we

Sincerely,

NEW YORK, November 22D.

Monologue Wilkesbarre Tragedy victim die.

He was approached from behind by Deputy Marshal and his assistants Wyncoop, struck down with a mace and partially shackled. Fugitive who unsuspectingly awaited them during their breakfast at the Hotel Phenix, was a tall, noble-looking, highly intelligent, and a nearly white mulatto, after a desperate effort and severe struggle, he shook off five attackers, and the loss of everything but a remnant of the shirt, rushed from the house and plunged into the water, exclaiming: "I will drown rather than be taken alive."
