A speedy explanation took place, from which it appeared that all
the documents sent to North Carolina related to one Mary Smith; but the woman whose liberty
they procured, was another Mary Smith.

Governor Everett had a hearty laugh when Father Snowden told him the happy result of his letter
to the Governor of North Carolina.

The moral of this story is, that a plain, common name, is sometimes more useful to its owner,
than a more brilliant one.

     NOTE.--I have endeavored to give the facts of Mary Smith's
     story with exact accuracy, writing from memory only, without
     the aid of anything written. It is possible I may be
     mistaken in some immaterial circumstance.

Freedom--Liberty.

Freedom and Liberty are synonymes. Freedom is an essence; Liberty, an accident. Freedom is
born with a man; Liberty may be conferred on him. Freedom is progressive; Liberty is circumscribed.
Freedom is the gift of God; Liberty, the creature of society. Liberty may be taken away from
a man; but, on whatsoever soul Freedom may alight, the course of that soul is thenceforth onward
and upward; society, customs, laws, armies, are but as wythes in its giant grasp, if they oppose,
instruments to work its will, if they assent. Human kind welcome the birth of a free soul with
reverence and shoutings, rejoicing in the advent of a fresh off-shoot of the Divine Whole,
of which this is but a part.

NEW-YORK, Nov. 22d, 1853.

An Aspiration.

You want my autograph. Permit me, then, to sign myself the friend of every effort for human
emancipation in our own country, and throughout the world. God speed the day when all chains
shall fall from the limbs and from the soul, and universal liberty co-exist with universal
righteousness and universal peace. In this work I am

                    Yours truly,

NEW YORK, Nov. 22d.

The Dying Soliloquy of the Victim of the Wilkesbarre Tragedy.

He was approached from behind by Deputy Marshal Wyncoop and his assistants, knocked down with
a mace and partially shackled. The fugitive, who had unsuspectingly waited upon them during
their breakfast at the Phenix Hotel, was a tall, noble-looking, remarkably intelligent, and
a nearly white mulatto; after a desperate effort and severe struggle, he shook off his five
assailants, and with the loss of everything but a remnant of his shirt, rushed from the house
and plunged into the water, exclaiming: "I will drown rather than be taken alive."
