He  was very disturbed about the happenings of last night. At last he concluded that he may have been insane in the night before. As he have been becoming older his brain and eyes were not working properly.  Staying away all night  shows his foolishness. In this way he tried to satisfy his mind. At this time he remembered that he had not yet look into his bed-room. He was sure that it was only a hallucination of the senses  so he was ashamed to search the bedroom. Yet he crossed the narrow pasageway and opened the door of bedroom . The sight of the room Freezed him. The cieling,  the lofty massive brick arch, had fallend during night and the room was filled with rubbish  and his bed  was crushed into pieces. Thus the hallucination  saved the life of the great German scholar.   
            Tholuck  when relating this concluded he have no scientific or metaphysical theories to explain it but  he can only say it happened and it is true as the existence of sun.
                    CULTURE
      The word of ambition at present is culture.  Wealth gives us power and all are after power. If a man is powerful he became a slave of power. If he have a skill to make money he become a miser. Power reduces the basic talents.To perform a talent we have to make some sacrifices but if we are powerful we will not care to make a sacrifice to perform a talent. We have other methods to get it as we are powerful. Nature has no mercy. If she want a thumb she may have it at the cost of arms and legs. Excess  power in one part demands some other things from our life.
                Concentration makes us efficient. If we sacrifice  something for efficiency it will hold good. If a man have a defect it shows in all his performances.Nature created a Policeman Fouche with full of suspicion and of plots to circumvent them. The physician Sanctorius live according to scales even weighing his food. Whereas Lord Coke valued Chaucer more than anything as Canon Yeman's Tale narrates the Statute Hen V Chap b4 against Alchemy. I knew a man wh believes the reasons for mischiefs in England is because of the devotion to musical concerts.
