In Nichols' Leicestershire, vol. iv. pt. 2. p. 807., is a pedigree of Cradock bearing the same arms, and it is there laid down that Howel ap Gronow was slain by the French in 1096, and buried at Llandilo Vawr; also that the Judge was called Newton from his birth-place. I believe it is in Montgomeryshire. Matthew Cradock, who lies in Swansea Church, bore different arms. 
Cradog Dom. de Newton. Was the name that his forefathers whent by for several generations (from Howel ap Grononye, who was Lord of Newton, in Rouse or Trenewith, in Poursland).
 The Grant I have mentioned tells the tale of Robert Cradock who got married to Margaret Sherborne.  Robert Cradock was the Judge's great-great-grandfather. Sir John Newton lies buried at East Harptree and it was to he  whom the grant was made. Of great interest is that on his tomb can be seen (besides his effigies depicting him in full size copy) the twelve quarterings in their original (?) blazoning, pierced with those of his wife, one of the Pointz family. The same arms (of Newton) can still be seen on a beautifully wrought, though now very decomposed shield, over one of the doors of Barres Court, at East Hanham, in Bitton, Gloucestershire. This is where Newton used to live andhad his office, where John Leland on his itinerary visited him, and says (Itin. vol. vii. p. 87.) "his very propre name is Caradoc," &c. Newton inherited this estate as a descendant from the De Bittons or Button (through Hampton). The De Bitton was a family of great note in their day, and had their residency on the site of Barres Court, a "fayr manner place of stone,". According to  some sources it evidently took its name from Sir John Barre, who married Joan, the widow of Robert Greyndon, and daughter of Thomas Roug by Catherine, who was the last heiress of that peticular branch of the De Bittons. Joan died 1485, and is – curriously - buried with her first husband at Newlond. The same family spawned the three bishops of that name, in the reigns of the early Edwards; notably was Thomas, Bishop of Exeter in 1299,  who was the pious founder of a chantry chapel adjoining Bitton Church, over the bodies of his father and another, who were buried there. He raised an architectual gem of a building. Thomas also had his residensy there, and in 1287, when Dean of Wells, the Lord of the Manor of that part of Bitton where his estate lay, impounded some of his cattle, and had a trial thereon at Gloucester, as appears by a Placite Roll of that date. 
Please find enclosed a  a copy of the Grant of Arms. I think you will find it interesting. Besides, it is a reply to the latter part of S.A.Y.'s Query. It is copied from the Ashmol. MSS. No. 834. p. 34. 
I know nothing of the Newtons of Yorkshire; but if S.A.Y. wishes to question me on the matter, I shall be happy to receive his communication under his own proper sign-manual.
