His forefathers,
for several generations (from Howel ap Grononye, who was Lord of Newton, in Rouse or Trenewith,
in Poursland), went by the name of Cradog Dom. de Newton.

Robert Cradock, mentioned in the Grant I have quoted, married Margaret Sherborne. He was the
Judge's great-great-grandfather. Sir John Newton, to whom the grant was made, lies buried at
East Harptree; and on his tomb may be seen (besides his effigies as large as life) the twelve
quarterings in their original (?) blazoning, impaled with those of his wife, one of the Pointz
family. The same arms (of Newton) are still discernible on a beautifully wrought, though now
much mutilated shield, over one of the doors of Barres Court, at East Hanham, in Bitton, Gloucestershire,
where Newton also had a residence, where John Leland on his itinerary visited him, and says
(Itin. vol. vii. p. 87.) "his very propre name is Caradoc," &c. This property Newton inherited
as a descendant from the De Bittons or Button (through Hampton), a family of great note in
their day, and residents on the site of Barres Court, a "fayr manner place of stone," which
evidently took its name from Sir John Barre, who married Joan, the relict of Robert Greyndon,
and daughter of Thomas Roug by Catherine, who was the last heiress of that branch of De Bittons--(she
died 1485, and is buried with her first husband at Newlond). Of the same family were the three
bishops of that name, in the reigns of the early Edwards; one of which, Thomas, Bishop of Exeter
in 1299, was the pious founder of a chantry chapel adjoining Bitton Church, over the bodies
of his father and another, who were buried there; the building itself is quite an architectural
gem. The said bishop must also have resided there, for in 1287, when Dean of Wells, the Lord
of the Manor of that part of Bitton where his estate lay, impounded some of his cattle, and
had a trial thereon at Gloucester, as appears by a Placite Roll of that date.

I send you a copy of the Grant of Arms, as it may be interesting, to publish--besides, it is
a reply to the latter part of S.A.Y.'s Query. It is copied from the Ashmol. MSS. No. 834. p. 34.

Of the Newtons of Yorkshire I know nothing; but if S.A.Y. wishes to question me further, I
shall be happy to receive his communication under his own proper sign-manual.

In Nichols' Leicestershire, vol. iv. pt. 2. p. 807., is a pedigree of Cradock bearing the same
arms, and it is there laid down that Howel ap Gronow was slain by the French in 1096, and buried
at Llandilo Vawr; also that the Judge was called Newton from his birth-place. (It is in Montgomeryshire,
I believe.) Matthew Cradock, who lies in Swansea Church, bore different arms.

