It also occurs in
relation to the peripheral veins, but in these it can seldom be recognised as a separate entity,
being merged in the general infective process from which it takes origin. Its occurrence may
be inferred, if in the course of a suppurative lesion there is a sudden rise of temperature,
with pain, redness, and swelling along the line of a venous trunk, and a rapidly developed
œdema of the limb, with pitting of the skin on pressure. In rare cases a localised abscess
forms in the vein and points towards the surface.

Treatment.--Attention must be directed towards the condition with which the phlebitis is associated.
Ligation of the vein on the cardiac side of the thrombus with a view to preventing embolism
is seldom feasible in the peripheral veins, although, as will be pointed out later, the jugular
vein is ligated with this object in cases of phlebitis of the transverse sinus.

VARIX--VARICOSE VEINS

The term varix is applied to a condition in which veins are so altered in structure that they
remain permanently dilated, and are at the same time lengthened and tortuous. Two types are
met with: one in which dilatation of a large superficial vein and its tributaries is the most
obvious feature; the other, in which bunches of distended and tortuous vessels develop at one
or more points in the course of a vein, a condition to which Virchow applied the term angioma
racemosum venosum. The two types may occur in combination.

Any vein in the body may become varicose, but the condition is rare except in the veins of
the lower extremity, in the veins of the spermatic cord (varicocele), and in the veins of the
anal canal (hæmorrhoids).

We are here concerned with varix as it occurs in the veins of the lower extremity.

Etiology.--Considerable difference of opinion exists as to the essential cause of varix. The
weight of evidence is in favour of the view that, when dilatation is the predominant element,
it results from a congenital deficiency in the number, size, and strength of the valves of
the affected veins, and in an inherent weakness in the vessel walls. The angioma racemosum
venosum is probably also due to a congenital alteration in the structure of the vessels, and
is allied to tumours of blood vessels. The view that varix is congenital in origin, as was
first suggested by Virchow, is supported by the fact that in a large proportion of cases the
condition is hereditary; not only may several members of the same family in succeeding generations
suffer from varix, but it is often found that the same vein, or segment of a vein, is involved
in all of them. The frequent occurrence of varix in youth is also an indication of its congenital
origin.
