It also occurs associated with the peripheral vein, but in this it can scarcely be recognized as a separate entity, was incorporated in the overall infection process from which it originated. the appearance of it can be inferred, if in the course of a suppurative lesion there is a sudden increase of temperature, with pain, redness, and swelling along the veins of a tree, and a rapid development of limb oedema, with pitting on pressure of the skin. In rare cases a localized abscess forms in the veins and spots on the surface.

Note .-- treatment must be directed to the condition that phlebitis is associated. Ligation of the vein in the heart's blood vessels to prevent congestion is rarely feasible in the peripheral veins, although, as will be shown later, the jugular vein was ligated with this object in case of phlebitis of sinus level.

VARIX - Varicose veins

The term varix is applied to a situation in which the veins are so altered in structure which they dilate regularly, and simultaneously long and winding. Two types are met with: a stretch in which the superficial veins of a large and its tributaries is the most obvious feature, the other, in which bunches of distended vessels and tortuous development in a or more points in the veins, a condition which Virchow applied angioma racemosum venosum term. Two types of combinations possible.

Any vein in the body can become varicose, but the condition is rare except in the vein of the ultra-low, in the veins of the spermatic cord (varicocele), and in the vein of the channel anus (haemorrhoids).

We are here concerned with varix as it occurs in the veins of the lower pole.

Causes .-- significant differences of opinion exist as to the necessity of the varix. The weight of evidence is beneficial to the view that, when stretching is the predominant factor, it is the result of a congenital deficiency in quantity, size, and strength of the valves of veins affected enjoy, and in an inherent weakness in the vessel walls. The angioma racemosum venosum probably due to congenital changes in the structure of the circuit, and is allied to the tumor blood vessels. The view that the varix is congenital in origin, was first proposed by Virchow, supported by the fact that in most cases, the condition is hereditary, not only some members of the same family for generations been successful varix, but it is often found along a vein, or segment of vein was involved in all of them. The frequent appearance of varix in youth is also an indication of their congenital origin.
