
In the "Condemnation" the Emperor Decius wears a cuirass with a toga over it fastened on the
right shoulder, as in the ancient imperial busts. His sceptre is terminated by a little idol,
and above his throne is the Roman eagle with outspread wings, in a garland of bay leaves: in
the other fresco the statues appear to be reproductions of ancient Roman monuments. But unfortunately
this last picture has been so injured and restored that we cannot fully appreciate its value.

The execution of these pictures is really remarkable. Fra Angelico, as we have said, without
losing his fundamental qualities, has acquired and here reveals new qualities; the four Evangelists
among the clouds on a background of blue, dotted with golden stars, are noble and full of character;
the figures of the saints on the simulated pilasters, and at the corners of each side of the
chapel, might be classed among Fra Angelico's best. Who does not remember above the rest the
fine and noble figure of St. Bonaventure, with his flowing white beard, thoughtful eyes, and
an aspect of goodness and seriousness combined that is quite enchanting? What other figure,
however beautiful, can show such just proportions, solid form, and majestic design, such a
strong character and expression as this? The saint's thoughtful gaze is turned to the left,
his mouth lightly indicating a smile, or rather the sweet expression of innate goodness, the
marvellously drawn hands support an open book which rests on his side. Here Fra Angelico reveals
his skill in all its fulness; and when we reflect on his advanced age, we can only remain in
admiring surprise before the freshness of his creative power, and the force of his execution.

We have documental evidence that Benozzo Gozzoli assisted his master in these frescoes, and
doubtless we may attribute to him the fine decorations, where roses bud amidst flowers and
foliage of every kind, and garlands are resting on pretty little children's heads, or are festooned
on medallions bearing the tiara, and crossed keys of Nicholas V.; but we cannot give him the
merit of having beautified the scenes of the "Preaching of St. Stephen," or "St. Laurence distributing
alms."[63]

We admit the probability that Benozzo may have executed some of the figures, but there is a
difference between this and supposing that he had any conspicuous part in the compositions,
especially in the St. Laurence series, which we cannot believe.
