In the ancient imperial busts, the Emperor Decius wears a cuirass with a toga in the Condemnation, on the right shoulder. His sceptre is terminated by a little idol. The Roman eagle with outspread wings in a garland of bay leaves above his throne. In the other fesco the statues appear to be reproductions of ancient Roman monuments. But at present no one can fully appreciate its value as the last picture has been damaged.

The execution of these pictures is really remarkable. Fra Angelico has acquired and reveals new qualities without losing his fundamental qualities. The four Evangelists among the clouds on a background of blue, dotted with golden stars, are noble and full of character, the figures of the saints on the simulated pilasters, and at the corners of each side of the chapel, might be classed among Fra Angelico's best. The fine and nobel figure of St. Bonaventure is remembered by everyone. This statue with his flowing white beard, thoughtful eyes, and an aspect of goodness and seriousness combined that is enchanting. No other figure however beautiful can show such just proportions, solid form and majestic design. Here Fra Angelico reveals his skill in all its fullness and when we reflect on his advanced age, one can only remain in admiring surprise before the freshness of his creative power, and the force of his execution. 

The documental evidence that Benozzo Gozzoli assisted his master in these frescoes and doubtless attribute to him the fine decorations. In which roses bud amidst flowers and foliage of every king, and garlands resting on children's heads or are festooned on medallions bearing the tiara, and crossed keys of Nicholas V. But one cannot give him the merit of having beautified the scenes of the Peaching of St. Stephen of St. Laurence distributing alms.

Although Benozzo may have executed some of the figures, there is a difference between this and supposing that he had any conspicuous part in the compositions especially in the St. laurence series which is not believable.
