She called and called, but he didn't answer.  Worried, she sought out Mrs. Lawton, who was resting in the living room. 

"Excuse me, but I can't find Tommy anywhere.  Have you seen him?"

Was it her imagination, or did Mrs. Lawton's eyes look shifty?  Didn't she appear to squirm a bit in her seat?  

"I haven't seen him," she said brusquely.  "Keeping track of him...that's your job."

Mrs. Lawton, a widow, attended church religiously, and listened to the Reverend Mr. Gordonmammon's sermons carefully, but she had been surrounded by slaves and slavery for such a long time that she didn't see them as people anymore.  After Chloe, looking still more frantic, continued on her search, Mrs. Lawton turned to her daughter and casually declared, "Oh don't worry so.  Tommy will be just fine with Sukey Larkin, and we will have the added benefit that Sukey won't be bothering us any for a while--she won't be able to look Chloe in the eye!"

But Mrs. Lawton herself, to her utter surprise, had a hard time facing Chloe.  Chloe ran around the house, sobbing, crying, and begging Mrs. Lawton to help her find her darling boy.  "My baby!" she cried brokenly, her chin quivering.  "If only you had let him come with me he wouldn't be lost.  He was never a moment's trouble."  She gasped with a terrible thought.  "He must've followed me down to the beach, trying to find me...and then he must've drowned!"  Her wailing increased, she sobbed almost uncontrollably, and then, shaking, she started out the door and down to the beach to search for her child.

But Mrs. Lawton held out a hand and called, "Stop, Chloe!"  She said it in such a stern voice that Chloe halted immediately, her hand to her throat.  "If you must know," Mrs. Lawton began, when she saw that Chloe was about to faint from fear and anxiety," I gave Tommy to Sukey Larkin.  She wanted him, and I decided it was best that she have him."

Chloe sank into a chair, and the expression on her face was of such abject grief that the old lady had to turn away.  "You gave my baby away?" Chloe said in a whisper that, nevertheless, pierced the other woman's heart.  "My child?  Mine?"

Mrs. Lawton's heart softened briefly.  "He'll be fine, Chloe," she said.  "Really."

Chloe's tears fell thick and fast, her lips shook as she said, "He'll want his mother.  He'll cry out and I won't be there.  I won't be there for him...my Tommy, my darling!"

Mrs. Lawton turned away, left Chloe sobbing on the chair.  Upon leaving the room, she ran into the minister, and told him what she had done.  "Well, I gave Tommy away," she explained, since the minister could hear Chloe's heartbroken weeping in the next room.  "But honestly, if I'd known she'd get this upset I never would have done it!  She'll be utterly worthless for at least a week!"

"Don't worry about it," replied the minister, patting her on the back consolingly.  "When I sold off my calf, that old cow refused to eat, and called for the little creature for several days, but she got over it.  It'll be just the same with Chloe."

Though he was a devout man of God and tried to comfort his flock as much as possible, it never once entered his mind that Chloe might need some solace.  After all, she was merely a slave.

Chloe finally dragged herself off the chair and trudged up to her thin bed, feeling utterly bereft and devastated.  It was the wee hours of the morning before she finally drifted off to sleep.  When she woke at dawn, she first sensed an unutterable sadness about her being, and it was only after a split second that she remembered that her Tommy was gone.  She began to cry afresh, her heart aching as though she would die.  She lifted her streaming eyes to the wall and saw one of his tattered dresses hanging on a rusty nail.  Quickly she pulled it down and held it to her chest, sobbed bitter tears over it, kissed it, held it to her nose to catch a whiff of his scent, of her darling, her sweet child, her baby boy who was now lost to her forever.
