Looking back at this entire period, what becomes blindingly obvious, is that he was showing early signs of his distint qualities and his unwaverying determination which he showed throughout his time. It was an ability to fend for himself, that never-say-die attitude which in some people could be seen as obstinancy and his foresight and natural inclination to view a case with absolute clarity. And it was a love of country which welled within his heart and informed his sense of responsibility despite the "whips and scorns that patient merit of the unworthy takes". This much was true throughout his days in quiety solitude at Burnham Thorpe- right up until the end of his prestigious career.

It was at the age of twelve years that he joined his uncle on the Raisonably sixty-four and worked as a midshipman for a period of five months. Not many would have been able to see the heroic future ahead for this unremarkable looking youngster. And the same was true for the future Bronte who, a few months later, would progress from midshipman to the rank of a youngster taking passage on a West India ship. It is this he tells us in the "Sketch of my Life," which was owned by the house of Hibbert, Purrier, and Horton, where he would eventually retrun to the Triumph at Chatham as an exerperienced seaman. But he also retained a disdain for the Royal Naby and a firm belief in the saying: "Aft the most honour, forward the better man."

What we shall learn next is liable to shock readers of a certain disposition. People who want their sons to rise to become admirals with little in the way of apprenticeship. As this is an individual who the log books of the Triumph will tell us, acted as a "captain's servant" for fourteen months. He did this by promising them that he would not wear any kind of uniform and he would never have to brush the captain's jacket.

At the age of fifteen he would back the cockswain, even though his weight amounted to less that five stone.

But the uncouth nature of the individual will be the end of us, and our Laura Matilda will refuse to listen without an appalled reaction to the "Death of Nelson". It is he who tells us that once return from an expedition to the Polar he was placed in the Racehorse of approximately 20 firearms. Captain Farmer viewed the processdings from a foretop. It is likely during all of these events that he rarely, if ever, tasted finerys such as venison or champagne.
