Carmen, I claim to do it. "

Baltasar paused. "Fiend!" the abbess exclaimed, "what would you of me?"

"I told you," he Villabuena. "It's no crime, no need to report your conscience, which has recently become more gentle, but a good action, instead, because it would prevent the daughter of a nobleman from throwing themselves go on an adventure and rebellion, and gave him her hand to her father that her destiny it is as yet unaware of the death of Count .. She will learn it here , and there is no fitter place. consolations of ethics will relieve her pain. I'll leave her in your custody, and, when the first violence of her grief over, return to find means to overcome the objections of her boyish suit me, but I was a fool. ", he exclaimed, interrupting her," to lose in that idle time is so precious Price! They must have been within sight of the prison lead me to a window where we can observe their approach. and while watching it, we can finally arrange our .

He took the hand of the abbess, and she guided machinery, to a room inside the door. Go through two other apartments, they reached an extreme in the wings, from the windows of which look once obtained for a considerable distance down the valley. The prospect that presents itself for them to pause before this window was so enchantingly beautiful, but it seems to produce an effect, and to exercise a softening influence, even nature depraved and vicious of Don Baltasar. At any rate, a full minute went by in which he stood in silence and contemplation.

Spent by valley views in question, when that pleasant July morning, the real beauty is almost unparalleled. The sun, which rose behind the hills to the east, but not exceed them, throwing his first rays on top of them, and illuminated the mountain face, bathing their pinnacles in a golden light , while the steeps of them are still in the dark lower compared. In the deep valley of the shades of twilight finally seems to still linger, and the mass of steam rolled in thin gray billows on vegetation rich and vivid green fields. The greatest diversity of form exhibited by the cliffs surrounding it has grown here in the turrets and towers, are spread out into crags, then again fell into the cliff suddenly empty, the next to their borders with shrubs, the recesses of their residence and wild flowers of the most diverse colors, with flower sprays and waved the sweet breath of the morning. No less diverse, and as delicately beautiful, ethereal Tints of mountain, sky, clouds that seemed to convey its green.
