Carmen, I claim its fulfilment."

Baltasar paused. "Fiend!" exclaimed the abbess, "what would you of me?"

"I have already told you," said Villabuena. "It is no crime, nothing that need alarm your conscience,
recently grown so tender; but a good deed, rather, since it will prevent the daughter of a
noble house from throwing herself away on an adventurer and a rebel, and give her hand to him
for whom her father destined it. She is as yet unaware of the Count's death. She will learn
it here, and no place fitter. Your pious consolations will soothe her grief. I shall leave
her in your guardianship, and, when the first violence of her sorrow is over, return, to find
means of overcoming her puerile objections to my suit. But I am a fool," exclaimed he, interrupting
himself, "to lose in idle talk time that is so precious! They must already be in sight of the
convent. Lead me to a window whence we may observe their approach, and whilst watching for
it we can make our final arrangements."

He took the hand of the abbess, and she led the way, mechanically, to the door of an inner
room. Passing through two other apartments, they reached one at the extremity of the wing,
from the window of which a view was obtained for a considerable distance down the valley. The
prospect that presented itself to them on pausing before this window, was so enchantingly beautiful,
that it seemed to produce an effect, and to exercise a softening influence, even upon the depraved
and vicious nature of Don Baltasar. At any rate, a full minute elapsed during which he stood
in silence and contemplation.

The view afforded by the valley in question, upon that pleasant May morning, was indeed of
almost unparalleled loveliness. The sun, which had already risen behind the eastern hills,
but not yet surmounted them, threw its first rays across their summits, and illuminated the
opposite mountains, bathing their pinnacles in a golden glow, whilst their lower steeps remained
in comparative darkness. In the depths of the valley the last shades of twilight still seemed
to linger, and masses of thin grey vapour rolled in billows over the rich vegetation and vivid
verdure of the fields. The most fantastic variety of form was exhibited by the surrounding
mountain wall; here it rose in turrets and towers, there spread out into crags, then again
fell in blank abrupt precipices, their edges fringed with shrubs, the recesses of their sides
sheltering wild-flowers of the most varied hues, whose sprays and blossoms waved in the sweet
breath of morning. Equally varied, and as delicately beautiful, were the ethereal tints of
the mountain tops, to which the cloudless sky seemed to impart a tinge of its azure.
