The empire of Cottius was prepared into a Roman province by Nero (cf. Suetonius, Nero, 18), and it is incredible that any Roman author consequently submitted to it as a empire. 
It does look as if essential to include a few expressions about the fictional virtues of Vitruvius in this article, and regarding Professor Morgan's visions as to the general principles to be chased in the transformation. 
Vitruvius was not a huge storybook public figure, determined as he was to materialize in that temperament. As Professor Morgan has appropriately said, "he has all the scripts of one new to masterpiece, to whom lettering is a hurting task." In his hand the measuring-rod was a remote mightier execute than the pen. His stilted and arrogant expression exhibits itself in the prologue to the diverse books, where his embroidered endeavor to commence some impression of fashion into his monotonous lectures on the dignified philosophy which should administer the behavior of the originator, or into the ordinary lists of originators and writers on construction, is everywhere perceptible. Even in the more mechanical segments of his job, a like cognizant endeavor may be perceived, and, at the same instant, a lack of assurance in his capability to articulate himself in inimitable tongue. He circumvents episodic sentences, uses only the simpler subjunctive manufacture, replicate the predecessor in relative clauses, and, not occasionally, accepts a official tongue intimately similar to that of qualifications and agreements, the fashion with which he was, obviously, most well-known. He ends each book with a concise review, more or less a method, fairly like a sigh of reprieve, in which the person who reads instinctively shares. At times his sense is vague, not because of grammatical mistakes, which are reasonably little and inconsequential, but because, when he does endeavor a intervallic sentence, he becomes mixed up, and discovers it intricate to disentangle himself. 
Some of these oddness and coarseness of appearance Professor Morgan intentionally replicated, because of his confidence that a transformation should not purely replicate the essence of a book, but should also give as obvious a image as potential of the novel, of its novelist, and of the running of his mind. The transformation is planned, then, to be accurate and precise, but it consciously evades any endeavor to delicacy the tongue of Vitruvius although it were Ciceronian, or to present a sham intuition of prominent fictitious value in a job which is impoverished of that quality.
