The kingdom of Cottius was made into a Roman province by Nero (cf. Suetonius, Nero, 18), and
it is inconceivable that any Roman writer subsequently referred to it as a kingdom.

It does seem necessary to add a few words about the literary merits of Vitruvius in this treatise,
and about Professor Morgan's views as to the general principles to be followed in the translation.

Vitruvius was not a great literary personage, ambitious as he was to appear in that character.
As Professor Morgan has aptly said, "he has all the marks of one unused to composition, to
whom writing is a painful task." In his hand the measuring-rod was a far mightier implement
than the pen. His turgid and pompous rhetoric displays itself in the introductions to the different
books, where his exaggerated effort to introduce some semblance of style into his commonplace
lectures on the noble principles which should govern the conduct of the architect, or into
the prosaic lists of architects and writers on architecture, is everywhere apparent. Even in
the more technical portions of his work, a like conscious effort may be detected, and, at the
same time, a lack of confidence in his ability to express himself in unmistakable language.
He avoids periodic sentences, uses only the simpler subjunctive constructions, repeats the
antecedent in relative clauses, and, not infrequently, adopts a formal language closely akin
to that of specifications and contracts, the style with which he was, naturally, most familiar.
He ends each book with a brief summary, almost a formula, somewhat like a sigh of relief, in
which the reader unconsciously shares. At times his meaning is ambiguous, not because of grammatical
faults, which are comparatively few and unimportant, but because, when he does attempt a periodic
sentence, he becomes involved, and finds it difficult to extricate himself.

Some of these peculiarities and crudities of expression Professor Morgan purposely imitated,
because of his conviction that a translation should not merely reproduce the substance of a
book, but should also give as clear a picture as possible of the original, of its author, and
of the working of his mind. The translation is intended, then, to be faithful and exact, but
it deliberately avoids any attempt to treat the language of Vitruvius as though it were Ciceronian,
or to give a false impression of conspicuous literary merit in a work which is destitute of
that quality.
