If you are ever accosted do not take our your watch or matchbox and do not admit to knowing the direction to anywhere. Always just approximate the time and swear that you have no matches on your person. Little old ladies with kind hearts stop to give potential beggars the opportunity to snatch their purses. I wonder how many of them lose their purses and watches on an annual baisis.
In conclusion if you want to be as safe as possible in a dicy neighborhood listen attentively, watch carefully and walk quickly preferably in the middle of the road. The first two hints will help you detect an potential danger and the latter may help you avoid it.

The All England Series

illustrated Price 1s
400 Gymnastic Competition & Display Exercises

Set at a variety of open competitions and displays during the last twelve years and voluntary exercises shown by winners of open and championship gymnastic competitions.
edited by F. Graf, Orion Gymnastic Club

The book also contains an illustrate glossery of the primary gynmastic terms; the exercises for the second and third class badge of the A.G. and F.A. (illus); 42 exercises for developing muscles; and an article on Training for Competitions, by A Barnard, Captain of the Orion Gymnasium Club.

On sheets 17"x27". Price 6d; or mounted on cardboard, 1s.

Exercises on the Instruments for the A.G. and F.A third-class test.
by A. F. Jenkin
with 28 illustrations by B.M. Jenkin
Issued by the Amateur Gymnastic Association, and Published by G. Bell & Sons, Ltd. York House, POrtugal Street, London, W.C.

The All-England Series
Many illustrations. Boxing. Price 1s
By R. G. Allanson-Winn

Inns of Court School of Arms, Winner of the Middle Weights, Cambridge, 1876-7; Heavy Weights, 1877-8

Mr. Winn's book is worth of praise not only for being one of the best in the field but also the cheapest. - Field
His book give just enough testimony of his writing abilities. The illustrations are great. 

The art of self-defense in treated in a thorough way. The text is clear and enhanced by excellent illustrations.

New Edition, Revised
Illustrated. Wrestling. Price 1s
By Walter Armstrong ("cross-Buttocker")
Late Hon Sec
