When accosted never stop, never remove the clock or light box, and you never know go anywhere. always a good guess at the time, and you swear you do not have matches on. It is wonderful to see ladies stop compassionate decided to give to beggars who are just waiting for an opportunity to snatch purses, and would be interesting to know how many lost purses and watches annually by the wrong method of distributing largess.

Let me conclude by saying that if you want to be as safe as possible in a questionable neighborhood, your best friends are a quick ear, a quick eye, a quick step, and a predilection for middle of the road. The two former helps to detect, because the last two can permit to avoid a sudden onslaught.

= SERIES All England .=

Illustrated. Price 1s.

400 Exercises Competition Gymnastic & Display

Set at various open competitions and displays over the past twelve years, and preceded by years VOLUNTARY

Winners of the Open Championship and gymnastics.

Edited by F. Graf, Orion Gymnastic Club.

The book also contains an illustrated glossary mainly gymnastics, exercises for the second and third class badge of AG and FA (Illustrated), 42 exercises for muscle development and one on training for competitions, and A. Barnard, Captain Orion Club Gymnasium.

On sheets 17 "x 27". Price 6d or. Mounted on cardboard, 1s.

AG exercises on tools and FA TEST third grade.

By A. F. JENKIN.

The ONS ILLUSTRATOR 28 B. M. JENKIN.

Issued by amateur gymnastics association, published by G. Bell & Sons LTD. York House, PORTUGAL Street, London, closet

= SERIES All England .=

Numerous illustrations. Box. Price 1s.

G-ALLANSON R. Winn,

COURT OF ARMS INN's School, winner of the middle weights, Cambridge, 1876-7; weights, 1877-8.

"Mr. Winn his book is worthy of high praise, for that is at once one of the cheapest and best on the subject." - Field.

"His (Mr Allanson-Winn's) book offers ample testimony to his ability to write about boxing. If only for illustrations that allow novice to see what he should do with gloves and what he should not do with it, the book is well worth the modest price charged for it. "- Pendragon in referee.

"The art of self-defense is treated here from a practical point of view better. Clear that the text is, its value is less enhanced by numerous illustrations and beautifully executed." - St. James's Official Gazette.

New edition, revised.

Illustrated. Wrestling. Price 1s.

FOR ARMSTRONG Walter ("cross-BUTTOCKER")

LATE HON. SEC.
