When accosted never stop, never draw out watch or box of lights, and never know the way anywhere. Always make a good guess at the time, and swear you have no matches about you. It is wonderful to notice kind-hearted ladies stopping to give to stalwart beggars who are only waiting for an opportunity to snatch purses, and it would be interesting to know how many annually lose their purses and watches through this mistaken method of distributing largess.

Let me conclude by saying that, if you want to be as safe as possible in a doubtful neighbourhood, your best friends are a quick ear, a quick eye, a quick step, and a predilection for the middle of the road. The two former help you to detect, as the two latter may enable you to avoid a sudden onslaught.

=the all-england series.=

Illustrated. Price 1s.

400 gymnastic competition & display exercises

Set at various open competitions and displays during the last twelve years, and voluntary exercises shown by

Winners of open and championship gymnastic competitions.

Edited by f. Graf, orion gymnastic club.

The book also contains an illustrated glossary of the principal gymnastic terms; the exercises for the second and third class badge of the a.G. And f.A. (illustrated); 42 exercises for developing muscles; and an article on training for competitions, by a. Barnard, captain of the orion gymnasium club.

On sheets 17" × 27". Price 6d.; or mounted on cardboard, 1s.

Exercises on the instruments for the a.G. And f.A. Third-class test.

By a. F. Jenkin.

With 28 illustrations by b. M. Jenkin.

Issued by the amateur gymnastic association, and published by g. Bell & sons, ltd. York house, portugal street, london, w.C.

=the all-england series.=

Numerous illustrations. Boxing. Price 1s.

By r. G. Allanson-winn,

Inns of court school of arms, winner of the middle weights, cambridge, 1876-7; heavy weights, 1877-8.

"mr. Winn's book is worthy of great praise, for it is at once one of the cheapest and best on the subject."--field.

"his (mr. Allanson-winn's) book gives ample testimony of his ability to write on boxing. If only for the illustrations that enable the novice to see what he should do with the gloves and what he should not do with them, the brochure is well worth the modest price charged for it."--pendragon in the referee.

"the art of self-defence is here treated from a thoroughly practical point of view. Clear as the text is, its value is no little enhanced by the numerous and admirably executed illustrations."--st. James's gazette.

New edition, revised.

Illustrated. Wrestling. Price 1s.

By walter armstrong ("cross-buttocker"),

Late hon. Sec.
