
The music and dancing are as dull as might be expected among beings so full of phlegm. The
Mexican has a turn for painting and sculpture; and retains the same fondness for flowers that
struck Cortez so forcibly upwards of three centuries ago. The "Indios Bravos," or Wild Indians,
are said to display more energy; but our information respecting them is remarkably scanty.

Among the active vices of the Mexican Indian, that of drunkenness prevails to a most lamentable
extent. In the upper districts, pulque, or the fermented juice of the aloe, is the principal
tempter; sometimes a spirit, distilled from the same plant, called Vino de Mescal; while, in
the hotter districts, the same effects are ensured by the chinguirito, a very coarse kind of
rum. Combined with this disposition to intoxication, the Indian is constitutionally indolent;
and, now that he is a free man, he will rarely work, except to obtain just as much as will
afford him the means of enjoying his greatest luxury--that of steeping his senses in oblivion.
This last tendency is much to be deplored, as, in the larger towns, we know that every Sunday
(which is the day of greatest indulgence) assassinations, to the extent of six or eight each
day, are the melancholy consequence of its indulgence. Humboldt states that the police were
in the practice of sending tumbrels round, to collect the unhappy victims of intoxication.
The punishment was, and we believe still is, three days' labour in the streets; but it does
not seem to be very efficacious, for generally within the week the delinquents are again in
custody.

There is something characteristic in the indolence of these sombre beings. They will travel
immense distances; but to steady labour they are, generally speaking, not prone. It is told
of them, that in one of the most fertile districts (the Baxio) it is not unusual for an Indian,
on receiving his wages, to get thoroughly drunk, go to sleep, and on awakening renew his potations
and repose, until the exhaustion of his finances compels him to return to labour. In some parts,
however, there are exceptions to this observation.

Education has been more attended to, by some of the leading personages, than could have been
expected in a society that had been so much kept in the shade. We apprehend the advantages
are chiefly prospective, and may be well defined in another generation; at present they are
but small. The whites have been, and still are, the most educated portion of the Mexicans,
owing, no doubt, to their greater opulence, and having access to official rank. The mass of
ignorance, however, among all classes, is inconceivable to any one who has only moved in the
principal countries of Europe.
