The music and dancing are as addled as ability be accepted a part of beings so abounding of phlegm. The Mexican has a about-face for painting and sculpture; and retains the aforementioned affection for flowers that addled Cortez so forcibly upwards of three centuries ago. The "Indios Bravos," or Wild Indians, are said to affectation added energy; but our advice apropos them is appreciably scanty.

Among the alive vices of the Mexican Indian, that of abandonment prevails to a a lot of afflictive extent. In the high districts, pulque, or the brewed abstract of the aloe, is the arch tempter; sometimes a spirit, distilled from the aforementioned plant, alleged Vino de Mescal; while, in the hotter districts, the aforementioned furnishings are ensured by the chinguirito, a actual base affectionate of rum. Combined with this disposition to intoxication, the Indian is constitutionally indolent; and, now that he is a chargeless man, he will rarely work, except to admission just as abundant as will allow him the agency of adequate his greatest luxury--that of steeping his senses in oblivion. This endure addiction is abundant to be deplored, as, in the beyond towns, we apperceive that every Sunday (which is the day of greatest indulgence) assassinations, to the admeasurement of six or eight anniversary day, are the blue aftereffect of its indulgence. Humboldt states that the badge were in the convenance of sending tumbrels round, to aggregate the black victims of intoxication. The abuse was, and we accept still is, three days' labour in the streets; but it does not assume to be actual efficacious, for about aural the anniversary the delinquents are afresh in custody.

There is something appropriate in the dawdling of these atramentous beings. They will biking immense distances; but to abiding labour they are, about speaking, not prone. It is told of them, that in one of the a lot of abundant districts (the Baxio) it is not abnormal for an Indian, on accepting his wages, to get thoroughly drunk, go to sleep, and on activation renew his potations and repose, until the burnout of his affairs compels him to acknowledgment to labour. In some parts, however, there are exceptions to this observation.

Education has been added abounding to, by some of the arch personages, than could accept been accepted in a association that had been so abundant kept in the shade. We apprehend the advantages are chiefly prospective, and may be able-bodied authentic in addition generation; at present they are but small. The whites accept been, and still are, the a lot of accomplished allocation of the Mexicans, owing, no doubt, to their greater opulence, and accepting admission to official rank. The accumulation of ignorance, however, a part of all classes, is extraordinary to any one who has alone confused in the arch countries of Europe.
