Indeed I never saw any people in such anguish about their soul. I cannot but regard this as a real answer to prayer. I have also several other persons in deep distress, and I feel that I am quite helpless in comforting them. I would fain be like Noah, who put out his hand and took in the weary dove; but God makes me stand by and feel that I am a child. Will God never cast the scenes of our labor near each other? We are in his hand; let Him do as seemeth Him good. Pray for me, for my people, for my own soul, that I be not a cast away." 
Few godly pastors can be willing to change the scene of their labors, unless it be plain that the Cloudy Pillar is pointing them away. It is perilous for men to choose for themselves; and too often has it happened that the minister who, on slight grounds, moved away from his former watch-tower, has had reason to mourn over the disappointment of his hopes in his larger and wider sphere. But while this is admitted, probably it may appear unwarrantable in Mr. M'Cheyne to have prayed for a sign of the Lord's will. It is to be observed, however, that he decided the point of duty on other grounds; and it was only with the view of obtaining an additional confirmation by the occurrences of providence, that he prayed in this manner, in submission to the will of the Lord. He never held it right to decide the path of duty by any such signs or tokens; he believed that the written word supplied sufficient data for guiding the believing soul; and such providential occurrences as happened in this case he regarded as important only as far as they might be answers to prayer. Indeed, he himself has left us a glance of his views on this point in a fragment, which (for it is not dated) may have been written about this time. He had been thinking on Gideon's Fleece. 

When God called Gideon forth to fight-- "Go, save thou Israel in thy might,"-- The faithful warrior sought a sign That God would on his labors shine. The man who, at thy dread command, Lifted the shield and deadly brand. To do thy strange and fearful work-- Thy work of blood and vengeance, Lord!-- Might need assurance doubly tried, To prove Thou wouldst his steps betide. But when the message which we bring Is one to make the dumb man sing; To bid the blind man wash and see, The lame to leap with ecstasy; To raise the soul that's bowed down, To wipe away the tears and frown To sprinkle all the heart within From the accusing voice of sin-- Then, such a sign my call to prove, To preach my Saviour's dying love, I cannot, dare not, hope to find.
