Really I never saw any people in such torment regarding their spirit. I cannot but look ahead this as a genuine reply to plea. I have also numerous other people in deep sorrow, and I sense that I am fairly weak in soothing them. I would fain be similar to Noah, who set out his hand and take in the exhausted dove; but God makes me position by and experience that I am a kid. Will God never direct the scenes of our effort close to each other? We are in his hand; let Him do as seemeth Him superior. Pray for me, for my populace, for my individual essence, that I be not a cast away." 

Few godly pastors can be keen to alter the view of their efforts, unless it is simple that the Cloudy Support is pointing them away. It is unsafe for men to prefer for themselves; and also often has it happened that the minister, who, on minor reason, stirred away from his previous watch-tower, has had cause to grieve more than the displeasure of his hopes in his superior and wider sphere. But while this is admitted, most likely it can show inexcusable in Mr. M'Cheyne to have prayed for a mark of the Lord's spirit. It is to be observed, however, that he determined the point of responsibility on other basis; and it was merely with the sight of obtaining an extra corroboration by the occurrences of fate, that he prayed in this way, in obedience to the will of the Lord. He never detained it correct to choose the lane of responsibility by any such symbols or tokens; he believed that the written statement supplied enough facts for guiding the believing essence; and such beneficial occurrences as happened in this case he regarded as vital only as far as they might be answers to plea. Indeed, he himself has left us a glimpse of his views on this point in a portion, which (for it is not dated) might have been written regarding this occasion. He had been thinking on Gideon's Fleece. 

When God called Gideon forward to clash "Go, save thou Israel in thy might,"-- The realistic fighter wanted a mark That God would on his efforts shine. The man who, at thy fear authority, lifted the safeguard and fatal brand. To do thy odd and scared work-- Thy vocation of blood and revenge, Lord! -- Might want pledge twice as tried; to establish Thou wouldst his steps betide. But while the memo which we carry Is one to build the dumb man chant; To offer the sightless man wash and see, The lame to jump with delight; To lift the spirit that's bent down, To clean away the tears and glare To spray all the spirit inside From the condemning accent of crime Then, such a symbol my call to confirm, To moralize my Saviour's failing adore, I cannot, challenge not, anticipate to discover.
