
According to the people, beyond the small upper fall where projections shut out the view, the
channel smoothens for a short space and carries canoes. Native travellers from Nkulu usually
take the mountain-path cutting across an easterly bend of the bed to Banza Menzi, the Manzy
of Tuckey's text and the Menzi Macooloo of his map. It is situated on a level platform 9 miles
north of Nkulu, and they find the stream still violent. The second march is to Banza Ninga,
by the First Expedition called "Inga," an indirect line of five hours = 15 miles. The third,
of about the same distance, makes Banza Mavunda where, 20 to 24 miles above the Yellala, Tuckey
found the river once more navigable, clear in the middle and flowing at the rate of two miles
an hour--a retardation evidently caused by the rapids beyond: I have remarked this effect in
the Brazilian "Cachoeiras."[FN#32] Above it the Nzadi widens, and canoeing is practicable with
portages at the two Sangallas. The southern feature, double like the Yellala, shows an upper
and a lower break, separated by two miles, the rapids being formed as usual by sunken ledges
of rock. Two days' paddling lead to the northern or highest Sangalla, which obstructs the stream
for 22 miles: Tuckey (p. 184) makes his Songo Sangalla contain three rapids; Prof. Smith, whose
topography is painfully vague, doubles the number, at the same time he makes Sanga Jalala (p.
327) the "uppermost fall but one and the highest." Finally, at Nsundi (on the map Soondy N'sanga),
which was reached on Sept. 9, a picturesque sandy cove at the opening of a creek behind along
projecting point, begins a lake- like river, three miles broad, with fine open country on both
banks: the explorer describes it as "beautiful scenery equal to anything on the banks of the
Thames."

Here the Nzadi is bounded by low limestone hills already showing the alluvial basin of Central
Africa; and the land is well populated, because calcareous districts are fertile in the tropics
and provisions are plentiful. Prof. Smith (p. 336) was "so much enraptured with the improved
appearance of the country and the magnificence of the river, that it was with the greatest
difficulty he was prevailed on to return." Of course, the coaster middle-men report the people
to be cannibals.

From the Vivi Rapids to Nsundi along the windings of the bed is a total of 115 miles, about
the distance of Vivi to the sea; the direct land march was 75 miles.
