I heard of him lately. He and one or two more are there."

"I suppose you'll look in on them if you go North?"

"Certainly. The place is badly perfumed, but picturesque, and there is generally plenty of
whisky about."

"When do you go North?"

"I don't know. In a week or two."

That was all that Lavender hinted of his plans. He went home early that night, and spent an
hour or two in packing up some things, and in writing a long letter to his aunt, which was
destined considerably to astonish that lady. Then he lay down and had a few hours' rest.

In the early morning he went out and walked across Kensington Gardens down to the Gore. He
wished to have one look at the house in which Sheila was, or perhaps he might, from a distance,
see her come out on a simple errand? He knew, for example, that she had a superstitious liking
for posting her letters herself: in wet weather or dry she invariably carried her own correspondence
to the nearest pillar-post. Perhaps he might have one glimpse of her face, to see how she was
looking, before he left London.

There were few people about: one or two well-known lawyers and merchants were riding by to
have their morning canter in the Park; the shops were being opened. Over there was the house--with
its dark front of bricks, its hard ivy, and its small windows with formal red curtains--in
which Sheila was immured. That was certainly not the palace that a beautiful sea-princess should
have inhabited. Where were the pine woods around it, and the lofty hills, and the wild beating
of the waves on the sands below? And now it seemed strange and sad that just as he was about
to go away to the North, and breathe the salt air again, and find the strong west winds blowing
across the mountain-peaks and through the furze, Sheila, a daughter of the sea and the rocks,
should be hiding herself in obscure lodgings in the heart of a great city. Perhaps--he could
not but think at this time--if he had only the chance of speaking to her for a couple of moments,
he could persuade her to forgive him everything that had happened, and go away with him--away
from London and all the associations that had vexed her and almost broken her heart--to the
free and open and joyous life on the far sea-coasts of the Hebrides.

Something caused him to turn his head for a second, and he knew that Sheila was coming along
the pavement--not from, but toward the house. It was too late to think of getting out of her
way, and yet he dared not go up to her and speak to her, as he had wished to do. She, too,
had seen him. There was a quick, frightened look in her eyes, and then she came along, with
her face pale and her head downcast. He did not seek to interrupt her.
