The question is, who was this "unfortunate lady?" She was the wife of Ralph, Earl of Westmoreland, who was attainted about the year 1570, and died in Flanders anno 1584. I learn this from a MS. of the period, now before me, entitled Some Account of the Sufferinges of the Ladye Jane of Westmorlande, who dyed in Exile. By T.C. Perhaps at some future time I may trouble your readers with an account of this highly interesting MS.

EDWARD F. RIMBAULT.

Gray and Dodsely.--As the HERMIT OF hHOLYPORT has repeated his Queries on Gray and Dodsley, I must make a second attempt to answer them with due precision, assured that no man is more disposed than himself to communicate inforamtion for the satification of others.

1. Gray: In the first edition of the ELegy the epithet in questions is droning; and so it stands in the Poems of Gray, as edited by himself, in 1753, 1768, &c.

2. Dodsley: The first edition of the important poetical miscellany which bears his name was published in 1748, in three volumes, 12mo.

BOLTON CORNEY

*****

MISCELLANEOUS.

NOTES ON BOOKS, SALES CATALOGUES, ETC.

The New Classical Dictionary of Biography, Mythology, and History, may be considered as the third in that important series of Classical Dictionaries for which the world is indebted to the learning of Dr. Smith. The present Dictionary may be divided into three portions. The Biographical, which includes all the historical names of importance which occur in the Greek and Roman writers, from the earliest times down to the extinction of the Western Empire; those of all Greek and Roman writes, whose works are either extant or known to have exercised an influence upon thier respective literatures; and, lastly, those of all the more important artists of antiquity. In the Mythological division may be noticed first, the discrimination, hitherto not sufficiently attended to, between the Greek and Roman mythology, and which in this volume is shown by giving an account of the Greek divinities under their Greek names, and the Roman divinities under the Latin names; and, secondly, what is of still more consequence, the care to avoid as far as possibile all indelicate allusions in the respective histories of such divinties. Lastly, in the Geographical portion of the work, and which will probably be found the most importnat one, very few omissions will be discovered of names occurring in the chief classical writers.
