The question is, who was this "unfortunate lady?" She was the wife of Ralph, Earl of Westmoreland, who was attained about the year 1570, and died in Fladers anno 1584, I learn this from a MS. of the period, now before me, entitled Some Account of the Sufferinges of the Ladye Jane of Westmorlande, who dyed in Exile. By T.C.Perhaps at some future time I may trouble your readers with an account of this highly interesting MS.

EDWARD F.RIMBAULT.

Gray and Dodsley.--As the HERMIT OF HOLYPORT has repeated his Queries on Gray and Dodsley, I must make a second attempt to answer them with due precision, assured that man is more disposed than himself to communicate information for the satisfaction of others.

1.Gray: In the first edition of the Elegy the epithet in question is droning; and so it stands in the Poems of Gray, as edited by himself, in 1753, 1768, &c.

2.Dodsley:The first edition of the impotant poetical miscellany which bears his name was published in 1748,in three volumes, 12mo.

BONTON CORNEY.

* * * * *

MISCELLANEOUS.

NOTES ON BOOKS, SALES, CATALOGUES, ETC.

The New Classical Dictionary of Biography, Mythology,and History, amy be considered as the third in that important series of Classical Dictionaries for which the world is indebted to the learning of Dr.Smith. The present Dictionary may be divided into three portions. The Biographical, which includes all the historical names of importance which occuri n the Greek and Roman writers, from the earliest times down to the extinction of the Western Empire; those of all Greek and Roman writers, whose works are either extant or known to have exercised an nfluence upon their respective litertaure; and, lastly, those of all the more important artists of antiquity. In the Mythological division may be noticed first, the discrimination, hitherto not sufficiently attended to, between the Greek and Roman mythology, and which in this volume is shown by giving an account of the Greek divinities under their Greek names, and the Roman diviniteies under their Latin names; and, secondly, what is of sill more consequence, the care to avoid as far as possible all indelicate allusions in the respective histories of such divinities. Lastly, in the Geographical portion of the work, and which will probably be found the most important one, very few omissions will be discovered of names occurring in the chief classical writers.
