A large number of mammals have been studied chemically in isolation and the results of such studies have been thoroughly described in the textbooks of physilogy and physiological chemistry. Haemoglobin is a very important element in the respiratory process of vertebrate animals. However it is not used usually for surface pigmentation except in the face of white races of man or in monkeys. The haemoglobin of the blood can be seen through the blood from the transparent skim of some specific worms. Also the haemoglobin is visible through the integument in certain fishes. One can call it a strange fact that in some ivertebrate animals in which no haemoglobin occurs, we meet with its derivatives. In slugs, snails, limpet and the crayfish one can find haematin. C16H18N2O4, a green bile pigment, a pigment apparentl identical with biliverdin is found in sea-anemones. This pigment yields some of the decomposition-products of haemoglobin. In the "dorsal streak" of the worm Lumbricus there is found haematoprphyrin. In the egg-shells of certain birds, we may find Haematoporphyrin and biliverdin, but they are derived from haemoglobin. Heamoglobin is even found in the lowest animals such as the Echinoderms. It is said to also occur in the blood of Planorbis corneus and in the pharyngeal muscles of other mollusca.





In the muscles of and tissues of animals, there is found a great number of other pigments. One of them is myohaematin. This is normally accompanies by haemoglobin in vertebrates, except for the pharyngeal muscles of the mollusca where it occurs alone. Histohaematins, closely related to haemoglobin and haemochromogen and yet totally different from them, are found in animals where there is no haemoglobin. Professor A. H. Churchfound that the pigment turacin, which contains about 7% of nitrogen, can be ectracted by water containing a trace of ammonia. Professor Church purified, isolated and analysed it. From it can be obtained turacoporphyrin, identical to haematoporphyrin, and gives the band in ultra-violet which is characteristic of haemoglobin and its compounds.
