Most of the bile pigments of mammals have likewise been isolated and studied chemically, and
all of these are fully described in the text-books of physiology and physiological chemistry.
Haemoglobin, though physiologically of great importance in the respiratory process of vertebrate
animals, is yet seldom used for surface pigmentation, except in the face of white races of
man or in other parts in monkeys, &c. In some worms the transparent skin allows the haemoglobin
of the blood to be seen through the integument, and in certain fishes also the haemoglobin
is visible through the integument. It is a curious and noteworthy fact that in some invertebrate
animals in which no haemoglobin occurs, we meet with its derivatives. Thus haematin is found
in the so-called bile of slugs, snails, the limpet and the crayfish. In sea-anemones there
is a pigment which yields some of the decomposition-products of haemoglobin, and associated
with this is a green pigment apparently identical with biliverdin (C16H18N2O4), a green bile
pigment. Again, haematoporphyrin is found in the integuments of star-fishes and slugs, and
occurs in the "dorsal streak" of the earth-worm Lumbricus terrestris, and perhaps in other
species. Haematoporphyrin and biliverdin also occur in the egg-shells of certain birds, but
in this case they are derived from haemoglobin. Haemoglobin is said to be found as low down
in the animal kingdom as the Echinoderms, e.g. in Ophiactis virens and Thyonella gemmata. It
also occurs in the blood of Planorbis corneus and in the pharyngeal muscles of other mollusca.

A great number of other pigments have been described; for example, in the muscles and tissues
of animals, both vertebrate and invertebrate, are the histohaematins, of which a special muscle
pigment, myohaematin, is one. In vertebrates the latter is generally accompanied by haemoglobin,
but in invertebrates--with the exception of the pharyngeal muscles of the mollusca--it occurs
alone. Although closely related to haemoglobin or its derivative haemochromogen, the histohaematins
are yet totally distinct, and they are found in animals where not a trace of haemoglobin can
be detected. Another interesting pigment is turacin, which contains about 7% of nitrogen, found
by Professor A. H. Church in the feathers of the Cape lory and other plantain-eaters, from
which it can be extracted by water containing a trace of ammonia. It has been isolated, purified
and analysed by Professor Church. From it may be obtained turacoporphyrin, which is identical
with haematoporphyrin, and gives the band in the ultra-violet which J. L. Soret and subsequently
A. Gamgee have found to be characteristic of haemoglobin and its compounds.
