If the Arunta recognize the need for prior preparation, then they are not as ignorant as they are considered and their perspective is produced, not so much of ignorance Stark, and their philosophy of eternal reincarnation Primary human spirit. Arunta philosophers, in fact, seem to focus on one point that puzzled speculation Mr Shandy. How animating principle, or soul, considered as insignificant, are clothed in flesh? material acts can make a spiritual incarnation. Therefore, women enter free spirit, and not a direct result of human action.

Southeastern tribes with female descent of Totem, and without faith in the universal and constant reincarnation of ancestral spirits, to take the "schylean, according to Mr. Howitt, who is only concerned originating male children, while female recipient and is only "assistance". These tribes, socially more advanced than the Arunta, not ignorance of the facts of procreation Arunta, an ignorance that we regard only as a consequence and corollary of the Arunta philosophy of reincarnation. Every child Arunta, through this philosophy was to be, because Alcheringa: his mother since it reproduces only prepared after "." He is not a new thing, it is as old as the development of organic forms. This is the faith Arunta, and I have it does not count as more primitive than the philosophy of reincarnation of ancestral spirits specific. Of course, such a design philosophy clearly can not be primitive. It is, however, philosophy Urabunna tribes on Lake Eyre (with female descent of totem), the northern most tribes with male descent.

But among any of these tribes has this great philosophy in the totemic institutions which, through a separate and isolated addition, it has septs among the Arunta nation, and in a limited way among Kaitish.

Of all these tribes, except the child inherits his totem from the mother, among Urabunna, from father to northern peoples. But among the Arunta and Kaitish, totem is not inherited from each parent. According to the faith of these tribes, each county is a place where the first human ancestors - in each case, all of a totem, whichsoever that Totem, in each case, it may happen to be - has died, "went under ground. "Stones and trees appeared to mark such spots.
