If the Arunta recognise the prior necessity
of 'preparation,' then they are not so ignorant as they are thought to be; and their view is
produced, not so much by stark ignorance, as by their philosophy of the eternal reincarnation
of primal human spirits. The Arunta philosophers, in fact, seem to concentrate their speculation
on a point which puzzled Mr. Shandy. How does the animating principle, or soul, regarded as
immaterial, clothe itself in flesh? Material acts cannot effect the incarnation of a spirit.
Therefore, the spirit enters women from without, and is not the direct result of human action.

The south-eastern tribes, with female descent of the totem, and with no belief in the universal
and constant reincarnation of ancestral spirits, take the 'schylean view, according to Mr.
Howitt, that the male is the sole originating cause of children, while the female is only the
recipient and 'nurse.' These tribes, socially less advanced than the Arunta, have not the Arunta
nescience of the facts of procreation, a nescience which I regard as merely the consequence
and corollary of the Arunta philosophy of reincarnation. Each Arunta child, by that philosophy,
has been in being since the Alcheringa: his mother of the moment only reproduces him, after
'preparation.' He is not a new thing; he is as old as the development of organic forms. This
is the Arunta belief, and I must reckon it as not more primitive than the peculiar philosophy
of reincarnation of ancestral spirits. Certainly such an elaborate philosophy manifestly cannot
be primitive. It is, however, the philosophy of the tribes from the Urabunna, on Lake Eyre
(with female descent of the totem), to the most northerly tribes, with male descent.

But among none of these tribes has the philosophy that extraordinary effect on totemic institutions
which, by a peculiar and isolated addition, it possesses among the septs of the Arunta nation,
and in a limited way among the Kaitish.

Among all tribes except these the child inherits its totem: from the mother, among the Urabunna;
from the father in the northern peoples. But, among the Arunta and Kaitish, the totem is not
inherited from either parent. According to the belief of these tribes, in every district there
is a place where the first human ancestors--in each case all of one totem, whichsoever that
totem, in each case, might happen to be--died, 'went under the earth.' Rocks or trees arose
to mark such spots.
