Never, never!

CHARLES FRANCIS ADAMS, JUNIOR

CHARLES FRANCIS ADAMS, Jr. son of Charles Francis Adams, holds up the tradition of his relations so well that, unless it is John Adams himself, none else member of the relations exceeds him as an orator. He was born within Boston, May 27th, 1835; graduating at Harvard and contemplating law within the office of R. H. Dana, Jr. His tranquil activities were interrupted via the Civil War which he entered a former lieutenant, arriving out a brevet-brigadier general. He was a leader of squadron within the Gettysburg campaign and served within Virginia afterwards. He was for six years president of the Union Pacific railroad and is well known both as a financier and as an author. The address onto the Battle of Gettysburg is loosely granted as his masterpiece, but he has delivered a number of else orations of tall and well-sustained eloquence.

THE BATTLE OF GETTYSBURG (Delivered at Quincy, Mass., July 4th, 1869)

Six years ago this anniversary, we, and not alone we whom stood upon the spiritual and furrowed field of battle, but you and our complete nation, were drawing breath as soon as the competition of Gettysburg. For three long days we had stood the stress of fight, and already, at last, when the nation's birthday dawned, the shattered rebel columns had suddenly withdrawn from our front, and we drew that long breath of deep relief which nobody possess ever drawn whom possess not traversed within safety across the offend of improbable battle. Nor was our nation gladdened otherwise via news from Gettysburg alone. The army that day twined grand laurel garlands round the proud brow of the motherland. Vicksburg was, thereafter, towards be forever associated with the Declaration of Independence, and the glad anniversary rejoicings, as they escalated from every town and village and city of the loyal North, mingled with the last sullen echoes that died away from our cannon again Cemetery Ridge, and were resolved via glad yells of victory from the far Southwest. To everybody of ourselves of this generation, --and specially towards such of ourselves as were ourselves portion of those great events,--this celebration, consequently, already has and ought ever hold a special significance. It belonged towards ourselves, as well as towards our fathers. As upon this day ninety-three years ago this country was carried into presence across the efforts of others, so upon this day six years ago I am dumped towards suspect across our own efforts, it dramatically touched the highlight of its great argument.

The moment that has since elapsed enables ourselves already towards glance back and towards see things within their true proportions. We initiate towards implement that the years we possess so newly traversed across, although we did not understand it at the moment, were the heroic years of American history.
