Charles Francis Adams Jr.

Charles Francis Adams Jr., was born in Boston May 27th,1835. Son of Charles Francis Adams, he keeps up the tradition of his family, in fact no other member of his family surpasses him as an orator. Charles graduated from Harvard and is studying law in the office of R. H. Dana Jr. He entered the war as a first lieutenant which ended his peaceful pursuit.  He came out of the war a brevet-brigadier general.  In the Gettysburg campaign, he was a chief of squadron and served in Virginia afterwards. For six years he served as president of the Union Pacific railroad, and is well known both as a financier and as an author. He has delivered a number of orations of high and well-sustained eloquence.  The address on the Battle of Gettysburg is generally given as his masterpiece.

THE BATTLE OF GETTYSBURG (Delivered at Quincy,Mass.,July 4th,1869)

This anniversary will mark the sixth year we,and not only we who stood upon the sacred and furrowed field of battle,but you and our whole country were drawing breath after the struggle of Gettysburg. For three longs days we had stood the strain of conflict.  Now, at last, when the nation's birthday dawned, the shattered rebel columns had suddenly withdrawn from our front.  We then drew that long breath of deep relief, which none have ever drawn who have not passed in safety through the shock of doubtful battle. Nor was our country gladdened then by news from Gettysburg alone.  That day the army twined nobel laurel garland around the proud brow of our motherland.  Thereafter, Vicksburg was to be forever associated with the Declaration of Independence,which marked the glad Anniversary and rejoicings. As they rose from every town, village and city of the loyal North, they mingled with the last sullen echoes that died away from our cannon over Cemetery Ridge. Those echoes were answered by glad shouts of victory from the far Southwest. To those of us who took part in those great events and to this generation now celebrating, must now and always retain a special significance. It belonged to us,as well as our fathers. As upon this day ninety-three years ago, this nation was brought into existence through the efforts of others. Upon this day six years ago I am disposed to believe through our own efforts, it dramatically touched the climax of its great argument.

The time that has since passed, enables us to now look back and see things in their true proportions.  We begin to realize that the years we have so recently passed through, even though we did not appreciate it at the time, were the heroic years of Amerian history.
