Never, never!

CHARLES FRANCIS ADAMS, JUNIOR

CHARLES FRANCIS ADAMS, Jr.  son of Charles Francis Adams, keeps up the tradition of his family
so well that, unless it is John Adams himself, no other member of the family surpasses him
as an orator. He was born in Boston, May 27th, 1835; graduating at Harvard and studying law
in the office of R. H. Dana, Jr.  His peaceful pursuits were interrupted by the Civil War which
he entered a first lieutenant, coming out a brevet-brigadier general.  He was a chief of squadron
in the Gettysburg campaign and served in Virginia afterwards.  He was for six years president
of the Union Pacific railroad and is well known both as a financier and as an author. The address
on the Battle of Gettysburg is generally given as his masterpiece, but he has delivered a number
of other orations of high and well-sustained eloquence.

THE BATTLE OF GETTYSBURG (Delivered at Quincy, Mass., July 4th, 1869)

Six years ago this anniversary, we, and not only we who stood upon the sacred and furrowed
field of battle, but you and our whole country, were drawing breath after the struggle of Gettysburg.
For three long days we had stood the strain of conflict, and now, at last, when the nation's
birthday dawned, the shattered rebel columns had suddenly withdrawn from our front, and we
drew that long breath of deep relief which none have ever drawn who have not passed in safety
through the shock of doubtful battle.  Nor was our country gladdened then by news from Gettysburg
alone.  The army that day twined noble laurel garlands round the proud brow of the motherland.
Vicksburg was, thereafter, to be forever associated with the Declaration of Independence, and
the glad anniversary rejoicings, as they rose from every town and village and city of the loyal
North, mingled with the last sullen echoes that died away from our cannon over Cemetery Ridge,
and were answered by glad shouts of victory from the far Southwest.  To all of us of this generation,
--and especially to such of us as were ourselves part of those great events,--this celebration,
therefore, now has and must ever retain a special significance.  It belonged to us, as well
as to our fathers.  As upon this day ninety-three years ago this nation was brought into existence
through the efforts of others, so upon this day six years ago I am disposed to believe through
our own efforts, it dramatically touched the climax of its great argument.

The time that has since elapsed enables us now to look back and to see things in their true
proportions.  We begin to realize that the years we have so recently passed through, though
we did not appreciate it at the time, were the heroic years of American history.
