[Foot note:Mental things which are relities of course within the mental world.]

we may now glance at some special types of knowing. so as to see better whether the humanistic account fits. On the mathematical and logical types we need not enlarge and also further, nor need we return at much length to the case of our descriptive knowledge of the course of nature. So far as this involves anticipation, all tho that MAY mean copying, it need, as we saw, mean little more than getting ready and also in advance. But with many distant and the future is followed by the objects, our practical relatioins are to the last degree potential and those relations are to the last degree potential and renote. innosense can we now get ready for the arrest of the earth's revolution by the tidal brake, for inselves to know it truly, we have no practical relations at all it is obyious that, altho interests strictly practical have been the original starting and to the ending point of our search for true phenomenal and to the descriptions, yet an intrinsic interst in the bare describing function has grown up. We wish accounts that shall be true, whether they bring collateral profit or not. The primitive function has developed its demand for mere exercise. This theropotic curiosity seems to be the characteristically human differentiate, and humanism recognizes its enormous scope. A true idea now means not only one that prepares us for an actual perception. It means also one perception, or one that, if spoken, would suggest possible perceptions to others, or suggest actual perceptions which the speaker can not share . The ensemble of perceptions thus thought of as either actual or possible from a system which it has obisity advantageous to us to get in to a stable and consistern shape: And here it is that the common-sense notion of permanent beings finds triumphant use. Beings acting outside of the thinker explain, not only his actual percprions. past and future,but his possible perceptions and those of every one else. 
Accordinly they gratify to our theiretic to need in a supremely beautiful way. we pass from our immediate actual through them in to the foriegn and the potential, and back again intp tje future actual, accounting for innumerable particulars by a single cause. As in those circular panoramas, where a real foreground of dirt, grass, bushes, rocks and a broken down and can not is enveloped by a  raging battle, and the continuing the foreground so cunningly that the spectator can detect no joint; so these conceptual objects, added to our present perceptual reality, fuse with it in to the whole universe of our belief. Inspite of all berk eleyan criticism, we do not doubt that they are really there.
