[Footnote: Mental belongings which are realities of course inside the mental world.] 

We can at present quick look at a few particular types of knowing, so as to notice better whether the humanistic description fits. On the numerical and reasonable types we must not expand more, nor require we come back at a lot extent to the case of our expressive familiarity of the course of environment. So far as this involves expectation, tho that MAY signify repetition, it require, as we saw, mean little extra than 'getting ready' in advance. But with several remote and prospect matter, our realistic relations are to the last scale impending and distant. In no logic can we now get prepared for seize of the earth's revolution by the tidal brake, for example; and with the past, though we imagine ourselves to spot it precisely, we have no realistic associations at all. It is obvious that, although interests firmly sensible have been the unique starting-point of our hunt for correct phenomenal descriptions, yet an inherent attention in the bare recitation function has grown up. We hope the books that shall be correct, whether they carry collateral return or not. The primitive purpose has developed it’s insist for simple work out. This theoretic interest seems to be the characteristically human differentia, and humanism recognizes its massive range. A true plan now means not merely one that prepares us for a real awareness. It means also one that might get ready us for a just likely perception, or one that, if spoken, would propose likely perceptions to others, or recommend genuine perceptions which the lecturer cannot share. The ensemble of perceptions thus thought of as either real or likely form a scheme which it is clearly beneficial to us to get into a steady and reliable form; and here it is that the common-sense view of lasting beings finds winning use. Beings acting exterior of the thinker explain, not simply his real perceptions, past and future, but his likely perceptions and those of each one else. Hence they please our theoretic want in an enormously dazzling manner. We pass from our instant genuine through them into the overseas and the possible, and back again into the prospect actual, accounting for numerous facts by a sole reason. As in those circular panoramas, where a genuine foreground of grime, lawn, scrub, rocks and a crashed cannon is enveloped by a canvas portrait of sky and earth and of a intense clash, continuing the foreground so deceitfully that the viewer can notice no joint; so these theoretical items, added to our current perceptual truth, combine with it into the entire world of our faith. In spite of every berkeleyan censure, we do not doubt that they are actually present.
