"Mrs.
Ashleigh presents her compliments," and went on to thank me, civilly enough, for my attendance
the night before, would not give me the trouble to repeat my visit, and inclosed a fee, double
the amount of the fee prescribed by custom.  I flung the money, as an asp that had stung me,
over the high wall, and tore the note into shreds.  Having thus idly vented my rage, a dull
gnawing sorrow came heavily down upon all other emotions, stifling and replacing them.  At
the mouth of the lane I halted.  I shrank from the thought of the crowded streets beyond; I
shrank yet more from the routine of duties, which stretched before me in the desert into which
daily life was so suddenly smitten.  I sat down by the roadside, shading my dejected face with
a nervous hand.  I looked up as the sound of steps reached my ear, and saw Dr. Jones coming
briskly along the lane, evidently from Abbots' House.  He must have been there at the very
time I had called.  I was not only dismissed but supplanted.  I rose before he reached the
spot on which I had seated myself, and went my way into the town, went through my allotted
round of professional visits; but my attentions were not so tenderly devoted, my kill so genially
quickened by the glow of benevolence, as my poorer patients had found them in the morning.
I have said how the physician should enter the sick-room.  "A Calm Intelligence!"  But if you
strike a blow on the heart, the intellect suffers.  Little worth, I suspect, was my "calm intelligence"
that day. Bichat, in his famous book upon Life and Death, divides life into two classes,--animal
and organic.  Man's intellect, with the brain for its centre, belongs to life animal; his passions
to life organic, centred in the heart, in the viscera.  Alas! if the noblest passions through
which alone we lift ourselves into the moral realm of the sublime and beautiful really have
their centre in the life which the very vegetable, that lives organically, shares with us!
And, alas! if it be that life which we share with the vegetable, that can cloud, obstruct,
suspend, annul that life centred in the brain, which we share with every being howsoever angelic,
in every star howsoever remote, on whom the Creator bestows the faculty of thought!

CHAPTER XII.

But suddenly I remembered Mrs. Poyntz.  I ought to call on her.  So I closed my round of visits
at her door.  The day was then far advanced, and the servant politely informed me that Mrs.
Poyntz was at dinner.  I could only leave my card, with a message that I would pay my respects
to her the next day.  That evening I received from her this note:--

   Dear Dr. Fenwick,--I regret much that I cannot have the pleasure of
   seeing you to-morrow.
