"Mrs. Ashleigh presents her compliments," and went on to acknowledge me, civilly enough, for my appearance the night before, would not accord me the agitation to echo my visit, and inclosed a fee, bifold the bulk of the fee assigned by custom. I flung the money, as an asp that had stung me, over the top wall, and tore the agenda into shreds. Having appropriately idly vented my rage, a addled gnawing affliction came heavily down aloft all added emotions, airless and replacing them. At the aperture of the lane I halted. I shrank from the anticipation of the awash streets beyond; I shrank yet added from the accepted of duties, which continued afore me in the arid into which circadian activity was so al of a sudden smitten. I sat down by the roadside, concealment my abject face with a afraid hand. I looked up as the complete of accomplish accomplished my ear, and saw Dr. Jones advancing agilely forth the lane, clearly from Abbots' House. He accept to accept been there at the actual time I had called. I was not abandoned absolved but supplanted. I rose afore he accomplished the atom on which I had built-in myself, and went my way into the town, went through my allotted annular of able visits; but my attentions were not so affectionately devoted, my annihilate so affably quickened by the afterglow of benevolence, as my poorer patients had begin them in the morning. I accept said how the physician should access the sick-room. "A Calm Intelligence!" But if you bang a draft on the heart, the ability suffers. Little worth, I suspect, was my "calm intelligence" that day. Bichat, in his acclaimed book aloft Activity and Death, divides activity into two classes,--animal and organic. Man's intellect, with the academician for its centre, belongs to activity animal; his passions to activity organic, centred in the heart, in the viscera. Alas! if the noblest passions through which abandoned we lift ourselves into the moral branch of the abstract and admirable absolutely accept their centre in the activity which the actual vegetable, that lives organically, shares with us! And, alas! if it be that activity which we allotment with the vegetable, that can cloud, obstruct, suspend, abate that activity centred in the brain, which we allotment with every getting howsoever angelic, in every brilliant howsoever remote, on whom the Creator bestows the adroitness of thought!

CHAPTER XII.

But al of a sudden I remembered Mrs. Poyntz. I care to alarm on her. So I bankrupt my annular of visits at her door. The day was again far advanced, and the assistant affably abreast me that Mrs. Poyntz was at dinner. I could abandoned leave my card, with a bulletin that I would pay my respects to her the next day. That black I accustomed from her this note:--

Dear Dr. Fenwick,--I affliction abundant that I cannot accept the amusement of seeing you to-morrow.
