His overall intention is the sole means of strength acceptable for the accomplishment of the glory of nature - the single solution for the most incredible problems which plague human reason. There are still those who fail to believe in the existence of God.

One Newton's unqiue laws of motion is, that a body is required to forever continue a state of rest, with inertia being a property of matter, or else remain in motion in a continuously straight line, forever, so long as it is not effected by a unique, external cause.

So, let's apply this rule to our planet, as a unique object, and record the outcome. First, what was the reason for that we are put motion? The answer is another, unique agent or effort enabled our body. And the next conclusion? An agency or unique effort is overcoming the original motion, ultimately causing the departure from a straight line. Is the reason for this associated with other planets and bodies? Perhaps, we could say, but is this good enough? Hardly, the rule has just been simplified. A pool ball is an object with the potential to effect another, but only with an agent pushing it first, it cannot put itself in motion. Here is the rule: an object or body will forever remain motionless unless a seperate agent acts upon it. Now, moving from one planet to the next, each in order until arriving at the end of further means, and ponder this question: as a property of matter, does inertia qualify? And then, does the law of motion therefore apply? And finally, if so, is there a requirement of planets and other bodies beyond planets being an agent in order to put them in motion? Furthermore, carrying them forward in circles? Ha, and the fool says in his heart says "there is no God".

SUCH MISINTERPRETATION BY PRESENTDAY UNBELIEVERS AND IGNORANT MATERIALISTS.

Such people as these are significantly bound to a self-formed contradiction of which there is no forfeiting. Denying the eternity of matter, duration, space, and surely all the material philosophy carries with it.

His guidance is: Space is real. It surely exists. Bounds are not applicable, and surely, it is infinite.

Matter, too, is real. It cannot be destroyed, and does not decay, it is truly everlasting.

Duration is real, as well. I know this. Limitless, and ultimately infinite.

Surely there is no contest in finding the means upon which either case founds it's thoughts.
