His universal agency is the only organ of power adequate to the accomplishment
of the wonders of nature—the only solution of its great problems which lies within the reach
of human reason. Some fools still say in their hearts there is no God.

One of Newton’s great laws of motion is, that a body must continue forever in a state of rest,
inertia being a property of matter, or being put in motion continues forever in a straight
line, if it be not disturbed by the action of an external cause.

Now let us apply this law to our planet, as a body, and see the result. What is the first necessary
conclusion to which we are driven? Ans. Some external agency or cause put our planet in motion.
What is the second conclusion? Ans. Some agent or cause controls its motion causing it to depart
from a straight line. Do you say the cause is in the influence of other planets? Well, suppose,
for the sake of the argument, we admit it, are we then through with the problem? No. We have
only moved the difficulty one step backward. We can see how one billiard ball may set another
in motion, but it is only thinkable upon the supposition that there was an agent behind the
ball which put the second ball in motion. What put the first ball in motion? Did it put itself
in motion? No. The law is this: A body must remain forever at rest without some external agency
to put it in motion. Now, you step out from our planet to its nearest neighbor, and from thence
to the next, and so on till you get to the furthest limits of matter—carry along with you the
idea that one planet has put another in motion until you arrive at the last one thinkable,
and then ask yourself this question: Is inertia a property of matter here? Is the law of motion,
already quoted, a law of motion here? If it is, then, of necessity, science demands an agent
outside of planets, or behind the whole of them, to put them in motion, and to control them
while in motion in order to carry them forward in circles—do you see? “But the fool says in
his heart there is no God.”

THE INCONSISTENCY OF MODERN UNBELIEVERS OR MATERIALISTS.

The materialistic unbeliever is necessarily bound up in a contradiction from which there is
no escape short of a denial of the eternity of matter, space and duration, on the one hand,
or a denial of the materialistic philosophy, upon the other.

His reasoning is this: Space exists. I know it exists. I can’t set bounds to space, therefore
it is infinite.

Matter exists. I know it exists. I can’t annihilate matter, therefore matter is eternal.

Duration is. I know it is. I can’t set limits to it; therefore duration is infinite.

Now, it is easy to discover that the conclusion in each case rests upon two thoughts.
