Here was an opportunity for Christ's disciple to demonstrate his heroic, benign gospel.  His omnipresent brandy bottle embraced his heart, hidden, and he felt it.  He looked nonchalantly over the bushes at the wretched soul lying
there passed out.  And that form was familiar to him.  It must be her, he thought, because he had pedaled through the town after the hunt had begun.  The whole town was buzzing with the news
of Miss Vancourt's sudden appearance that morning.  She had been the hunt's matriarch.  In fact, she had ridden by him at full tilt.  He grinned and brushed the sweat from his brow.   

"Royalty will soon be dethroned," he murmured quietly, "And,thankfully,those empty seats will soon be filled! Now, if that coward Walden were here -- " 

He stopped and thought.  The lingering memory of the disgrace he had endured because of Julian Adderley stuck in his mind.  It was an 
injustice, and all because of this very woman that, perhaps, lay dead or dying before him.  He parted the damaged bushes, carefully advancing 
toward "Cleopatra."  A sick thought took root:  He could scare the animal, and it would stomp her body completely.  And, as demented as the thought was, it came easily to him.  He aided in the demise of butterflies, so why not this woman?  The action was the same in both cases.  He attempted to grab the horse's bridle, but the animal stood steadfast.  She would not budge.  Her huge kind eyes warned him of attempting another indiscretion.  She wasn't in the mood for games. Again, he stopped and thought. 

"Oliver Leach passed by," he pondered, "And went by almost at the same time she did.  I wonder if he did it?"  He reached for his filthy handkerchief and smoothed his face with gentle care as though it 
belonged to a gentleman.  "I wouldn't be shocked,"  he quietly said to himself, " if he had arranged this nasty affair.  Ingenious! Deadly hunting
accidents are not rare.  He is aware of this fact.  And so am I.  But I will find the truth.  Yes, I will find the truth!"  

He nearly jumped out of his own skin!  Suddenly, "Cleopatra, Queen of Egypt," flexed her lengthy bowed neck and bellowed a pitiful, begging
yelp.  An almost mystical quiet followed the horse's cry, a calm interrupted only by a smattering of rain drops.
