Now was the chance for a minister
of Christ to show his brave and gentle ministry! He had a flask of brandy in his pocket,--
he never went anywhere without it. He felt it, where it was concealed, comfortably pressed
against his heart,--then he peered blandly over the hedge at the helpless human creature lying
there unconscious. He knew who it was,--who it must be,--for, as he had cycled through the
village after the hunt had started, he had heard everyone talking of Miss Vancourt's unexpected
return, and how she had been the 'queen' of the meet that morning. Besides, she had passed
him on the road, riding at full gallop. He wiped his forehead now and smiled pleasantly.

"Queens are very soon discrowned!"--he said to himself--"And, fortunately, vacant thrones are
soon filled! Now if that sneak Walden were here---"

He paused considering. The remembrance of the indignity he had suffered at the hands of Julian
Adderley was ever fresh with him,-- an indignity brought about all through the very woman who
was now perhaps dying before his eyes, if she was not already dead. Suddenly, pushing his way
through the broken hedge, he approached 'Cleopatra' cautiously. The malignant idea entered
his brain that if he could make the animal start and plunge, her hoofs would crush the body
of her mistress more surely and completely. Detestable as the impulse was, it came quite naturally
to him. He had helped to kill butterflies often--why not a woman? The murderous instinct was
the same in both cases. He tried to snatch the mare's bridle-rein, but she jerked her head
away from him, and stood like a rock. He could not move her an inch. Only her great soft eyes
kindled with a warning fire as he hovered about her,--and a decided movement of one of her
hind hoofs suggested that possibly he might have the worst of any attempt to play pranks with
her. He paused a moment, considering.

"Oliver Leach came this way,"--he mused--"He passed me almost immediately after she did. Is
this his work, I wonder?" Here he drew out his always greasy pocket-handkerchief and wiped
his face with as much tender care as though it were a handsome one--"I shouldn't be surprised,"--he
continued, in a mild sotto-voce--"I shouldn't be at all surprised if he had arranged this little
business! Clever--very! Fatal accidents in the hunting-field are quite common. He knows that.
So do I. But I shall find out,--yes!--I shall find out---"

Here he almost jumped with an access of 'nerves'--for 'Cleopatra, Queen of Egypt' suddenly
stretched out her long arched neck and whinnied with piteous, beseeching loudness. A pause
of intense stillness followed the mare's weird cry,--a stillness broken only by the slow pattering
of rain.
