Since the days of the sixteenth century onwards over the years until today, the construction of submarines and shipping have gone through various stages of development. Captain Thomas A. Kearney, USN, in an interesting monograph published by the U.S. Naval Institute in Annapolis, said that the first American inventors, special mention should be made of the work of David Bushnell and Robert Fulton, both of which have been called " father of the submarine. Bushnell ship, completed in 1775-6, was long before anything in its class at the time. The ship, which was, of course, waterproof, was comfortable enough to contain the operator and air enough to support him for thirty minutes. Water was admitted to a tank in order to descend and two bronze pumps force expels the water when the operator wishes to increase. Propulsion was by an oar, working as the propeller of a ship-to-day work. Virtually Bushnell in an attempt to destroy a British warship in the Hudson River was able to get under the British frigate Eagle has not been detected, but could not link the mine carrying the boat.

inventive genius of Fulton directed toward a submarine took concrete form in 1800 when the French Government has built the Nautilus, in accordance with its plans. Both France and the United States carried on the work of Fulton experimental designs under his personal supervision, but there is no record of any accomplishment marks.

The first submarine in memory of men who live by day, the first practice, though crude, the boat submarine, the HL Hunley was built in Mobile, Alabama, under auspices of the Confederate Navy and brought from that port Charleston on flat cars to try to break the blockade of that port by Federal warships. The Hunley was forty feet long, six in diameter, and shape of a cigar. His driving force came from seven men turning cranks attached to the propeller-shaft. When you are working harder than their men could drive the boat at a speed of about four miles per hour.

Several attempts to use the Hunley did not succeed every time it sank, drowning its crew eight-ten men. These experiments, carried out in shallow waters in Charleston, marks one of the brightest pages in the annals of the sea, the crew after the crew entered the boat facing almost certain death, so that the boat can be effective. Every time the ship sank was raised, removed dead crew, and a new experiment with a new crew did. In the thirty-three men were killed before they finally decided that the ship could break through the blockade line.
