There she was, dancing away dreamily. As for me, I thought that my dancing days were over. The evening wore on and she still danced, now twirling in a waltz, now swaying to the music.

Eventually, she danced with me, holding my hands and leaning on my shoulder. A feeling of bliss enveloped me. I bent down, our eyes met and I knew that I was in love with her. The music around us swelled, stirring our passions. We stopped dancing. Our hearts beat as one and there was no need for words. Only our eyes spoke. Finally, the time had come to say good bye. As we stood close to each other, the gentle breeze blew a strand of her lovely stresses across my face. I was now so much in love that I was emboldened to cut off a curl of her hair that caressed my lips. The golden coil looked like a little serpent of Campagna. These golden strands that were once part of her are now mine to keep. The very sight of these glorious golden strands drives me crazy with passion. 

Now I have to see to everything that has to be done after our victory. We go forward once more. In the days that followed I got a few glimpses of the Austrian beauty, now looking out of a window, now at Church or sometimes, walking in the gardens. As the days grew hot, I had to be in the barracks. She came there, tending to the sick and ministering to the wounded. In course of time, I had no thought for her or for anything else. 

We reached Rome. She had preceded us there. At night, having attended to the day’s work of sending and receiving messages, finalizing the plans for the next day, every one is ready for bed and a good night’s rest. Nature herself was in deep slumber, it seemed. But for me, I was unable to close my eyes in blessed sleep because I was weighed down too many cares. The stress of the responsibilities of the day refused to wear out and permit me to sleep. Further, I was tortured by the conflict in my mind. On one hand I felt a deep loyalty for my country. On the other hand I felt I could never forget the Austrian lady. In this state of mind I could take no pleasure in the sights and scenes of Rome.
