
Still she swims along the lazy line with indolent pleasure, still floats in dreamy waltz-circles
perchance, still bends to the swaying tune as the hazel-branch bonds to the hidden treasure,--but
as for me, my dancing days are over.

By-and-by it was I with whom she danced, whose hand she touched, on whom she leaned. I wondered
if there were any man so blest; I listened to her breath, I watched her cheek, our eyes met,
and I loved her. The music grew deeper, more impassioned; we stood and listened to it,--for
she danced then no more,--our hearts beat time to it, the wind wandering at the casement played
in its measure; we said no words, but now and then each sought the other's glance, and, convicted
there, turned in sudden shame away. When I bade her good-night, which I might never have done
but that the revel broke, a great curl of her hair blew across my lips. I was bold,--I was
heated, too, with this half-secret life of my heart, this warm blood that went leaping so riotously
through my veins, and yet so silently,--I took my dagger from my belt and severed the curl.
See, friend! will you look at it? It is like the little gold snakes of the Campagna, is it
not? each thread, so fine and fair, a separate ray of light: once it was part of her! See how
it twists round my hand! Haste! haste! let me put it up, lest I go mad!--Where was I?

I busied myself again in the work to be done; because of our victory we must not rest; once
more all went forward. I saw the Austrian woman only from a window, or in a church, or as she
walked in the gardens, for many days. Then the times grew hotter; I left the place, and lived
with stern alarums; and thither she also came. I never sought what sent her. She was with the
wounded, with the dying. Then the need of her was past, and she and all the others took their
way. At length that also came to an end.

We were in Rome,--and thither, some time previously, she had gone.

One night, our business for the day was over, our plans for the morrow laid, our messages received,
our messengers despatched, and those who had been conspirators and now bade fair to be saviours
were sleeping. Sleep seemed to fold the world; each bough and twig was silent in repose; the
spectral moonlight itself slept as it bathed the air. I alone wandered and waked. With me there
were too many cares for rest; work kept me on the alert; to court slumber at once was not easy
after the nervous tension of duty. I was torn, too, with conflicting feelings: half my soul
went one way in devotion to my country, half my soul swerved to the other as I thought of the
Austrian woman. I grew tired of the streets and squares; something that should be fragrant
and bowery attracted me.
