The key to this  adversity  lies in the distinction between  understanding  as verified and  accomplished,  and the  identical   understanding  as in transit and on its way. To recur to the Memorial Hall  demonstration   recently   utilised,  it is only when our  concept  of the Hall has  really  terminated in the percept that we  understand  'for certain' that from the  starting  it was  really  cognitive of THAT. Until established by the end of the  method,  its  value  of  understanding  that, or  really  of  understanding   any thing,  could still be doubted; and yet the  understanding   actually  was there, as the  outcome  now shows. We were VIRTUAL knowers of the Hall long before we were  declared  to have been its  genuine  knowers, by the percept's retroactive validating power. Just so we are 'mortal' all the time, by  cause  of the virtuality of the  inescapable   happening  which will make us so when it  will  have come. 

Now the immensely  larger  part of all our  understanding   not ever  gets  after  this virtual stage. It  not ever  is  accomplished  or  hammered  down. I  talk  not  only  of our  concepts  of imperceptibles like ether-waves or dissociated 'ions,' or of 'ejects' like the contents of our neighbors' minds; I  talk   furthermore  of  concepts  which we might verify if we would take the  problem,  but which we  contain  for  factual  altho unterminated perceptually, because  not anything   states  'no' to us, and there is no contradicting  reality  in sight. TO CONTINUE THINKING UNCHALLENGED IS, NINETY-NINE TIMES OUT OF A HUNDRED, OUR PRACTICAL SUBSTITUTE FOR KNOWING IN THE COMPLETED SENSE. As each  know-how   sprints  by cognitive transition into the next one, and we nowhere  seem  a collision with what we  in another  location    enumerate  as  reality  or  detail,  we  consign   us  to the  present  as if the  dock  were sure. We  reside,  as it, were, upon the front  for  demonstration   of an  accelerating  wave- crest, and our sense of a determinate  main heading  in  dropping   ahead  is all we cover of the future of our path. It is as if a differential quotient should be  attentive  and  heal  itself as an  ample   alternate  for a traced-out curve. Our  know-how,  inter alia, is of variations of rate and of  main heading,  and  inhabits  in these transitions more than in the journey's end. The  knowledge  of  inclination  are  adequate  to  proceed  upon--what more could we have DONE at those  instants  even if the  subsequent  verification  arrives  complete? 

This is what, as a  fundamental  empiricist, I  state  to the  ascribe  that the  target   quotation  which is so flagrant a  feature  of our  knowledge   engages  a chasm and a mortal leap. A positively conjunctive transition  engages  neither chasm  neither  leap. Being the very  initial  of what we  signify  by continuity, it makes a continuum  while  it appears. Objective  quotation  is an  occurrence  of the  detail  that so much of our  know-how   arrives  as an insufficient and  comprises  of  method  and transition.
