
The key to this difficulty lies in the distinction between knowing as verified and completed,
and the same knowing as in transit and on its way. To recur to the Memorial Hall example lately
used, it is only when our idea of the Hall has actually terminated in the percept that we know
'for certain' that from the beginning it was truly cognitive of THAT. Until established by
the end of the process, its quality of knowing that, or indeed of knowing anything, could still
be doubted; and yet the knowing really was there, as the result now shows. We were VIRTUAL
knowers of the Hall long before we were certified to have been its actual knowers, by the percept's
retroactive validating power. Just so we are 'mortal' all the time, by reason of the virtuality
of the inevitable event which will make us so when it shall have come.

Now the immensely greater part of all our knowing never gets beyond this virtual stage. It
never is completed or nailed down. I speak not merely of our ideas of imperceptibles like ether-waves
or dissociated 'ions,' or of 'ejects' like the contents of our neighbors' minds; I speak also
of ideas which we might verify if we would take the trouble, but which we hold for true altho
unterminated perceptually, because nothing says 'no' to us, and there is no contradicting truth
in sight. TO CONTINUE THINKING UNCHALLENGED IS, NINETY-NINE TIMES OUT OF A HUNDRED, OUR PRACTICAL
SUBSTITUTE FOR KNOWING IN THE COMPLETED SENSE. As each experience runs by cognitive transition
into the next one, and we nowhere feel a collision with what we elsewhere count as truth or
fact, we commit ourselves to the current as if the port were sure. We live, as it, were, upon
the front edge of an advancing wave- crest, and our sense of a determinate direction in falling
forward is all we cover of the future of our path. It is as if a differential quotient should
be conscious and treat itself as an adequate substitute for a traced-out curve. Our experience,
inter alia, is of variations of rate and of direction, and lives in these transitions more
than in the journey's end. The experiences of tendency are sufficient to act upon--what more
could we have DONE at those moments even if the later verification comes complete?

This is what, as a radical empiricist, I say to the charge that the objective reference which
is so flagrant a character of our experiences involves a chasm and a mortal leap. A positively
conjunctive transition involves neither chasm nor leap. Being the very original of what we
mean by continuity, it makes a continuum wherever it appears. Objective reference is an incident
of the fact that so much of our experience comes as an insufficient and consists of process
and transition.
