The key to this challenge is to distinguish between knowing as verified and completed, and knowledge the same as in transit and on the road. To return to the Memorial Hall example lately used, it is only when our idea of actually terminated Hall perceived that we know for certain "that the beginning was really thinking about it. Set up by the end of the process, its quality of knowing, really knowing nothing or it could be questioned, and yet really know was there, now showing results. We were virtual knowers Hall long before we were certified to have been its actual knowers, by the perceived power of retroactive validation. That's why we are 'mortal' all the time, because of the virtuality of the inevitable event that we will do so when they arrived.

Now never very big part of all knowing that reach beyond the virtual stage. It is never completed or nailed down. I speak not only of our ideas imperceptibles as light waves or dissociated ions, "or" eject "the contents of our neighbors' minds; speak also of ideas which we could verify if we would have problems but you have to really, although unterminated perceptually, because nothing says "no" to us, and there is no truth to the contradictory. To continue unchallenged thinking IS OUT ninety-nine times one hundred, Substitute our practical knowledge, the purpose is completed. As each experience runs by cognitive transition into the next, and we feel no means a collision with what we count as truth or fact elsewhere, we are committed to the current if the port were sure. We live, as were the front edge of an advancing wave-crest, and our sense of a fixed direction in falling forward is all we cover the future of our path. It's like a differential coefficient should be aware and treat itself as an adequate substitute for a drawn-out curve. Our experience, inter alia, is of variations of rate and direction, and lives in these transitions than the journey's end. The experiences of tendency are sufficient to act upon - what more could I do in those moments, even if the later verification comes complete?

This is what, as a radical empiricist, I say charge the reference target, which is so flagrant a character of our experiences involving a chasm and a mortal leap. A positively conjunctive transition involves neither chasm nor leap. Very original of what we mean by continuity, it makes a continuum wherever it appears. Benchmark is an incident that so much of our experience comes as an insufficient and consists of process and transition.
