Having recently been producing some study amidst our British poets, as to the feature of the nightingale's recital, I was much hit with the large amount and diversity of epithets that I discovered directed to the bird. The distinction of attitude that has lived with consider to the value of its recital, has of course directed the poetical supporters of either edge to twosome the nightingale's title with that very large kind of adjectives which I will presently set down in a tabular pattern, with the titles of the poetical sponsors adhered thereto. And, in producing this the subject of a Note, I am only unfastening up an vintage Query; for the feature of the nightingale's recital has often been a issue for consideration, not only for poets and scribblers, but even for large statesmen like Fox, who, in the middle of all the concerns of a political life, could yet find time to fight back the nightingale from being a "most melodious, most melancholy" bird. 
The fable of the nightingale's source would, of course, in academic times, give the feature of melancholy to its song; and it is rather amazing that Æschylus makes Cassandra talk of the joyous chirp of the nightingale, and the Chorus to comment upon this as a farther verification of her insanity. (Shakspeare makes Edgar state, "The stinking fiend haunted poor Tom in the voice of a nightingale."--King Lear, Act III. Sc. 6.)
   Tennyson appears to be nearly the only bard who has methodically identified the large kind of epithets that may be directed to the nightingale's recital, through the very converse sentiments which it {398} appears to own the power to awaken. Fierce extremes provide work Thy essence in the dusking leaf, And in the midmost heart of sorrow Thy passion clasps a mystery joy." 
         With which evaluate these lines in The Gardener's Daughter: 

"Yet might I advise of meetings, of farewells,-- Of that which came between, more pleasant than each, In speaks softly, like the speaks softly of the moves out That tremble around a nightingale--in sighs Which exact Joy, perplexed for utterance, Stole from her sister Sorrow." 
  But the most singular verification that, I believe, I have contacted with, in relative to the diversity of attitude moving the recital of the nightingale, is to be discovered in the next example. When Shelley (Prometheus Unbound) is recounting the luxurious delights of the Grove of Daphne, he mentions (in some of the finest lines he has ever written) "the voluptuous nightingales, ill with sugary love," to be amidst the large enticements of the place: while Dean Milman (Martyrs of Antioch), in recounting the very identical "dim, licentious Daphne," is specific in mention that everything there 

"Ministers Voluptuous to man's transgressions"
