
Having lately been making some research among our British poets, as to the character of the
nightingale's song, I was much struck with the great quantity and diversity of epithets that
I found applied to the bird. The difference of opinion that has existed with regard to the
quality of its song, has of course led the poetical adherents of either side to couple the
nightingale's name with that very great variety of adjectives which I shall presently set down
in a tabular form, with the names of the poetical sponsors attached thereto. And, in making
this the subject of a Note, I am only opening up an old Query; for the character of the nightingale's
song has often been a matter for discussion, not only for poets and scribblers, but even for
great statesmen like Fox, who, amid all the anxieties of a political life, could yet find time
to defend the nightingale from being a "most musical, most melancholy" bird.

The fable of the nightingale's origin would, of course, in classical times, give the character
of melancholy to its song; and it is rather remarkable that Æschylus makes Cassandra speak
of the happy chirp of the nightingale, and the Chorus to remark upon this as a further proof
of her insanity. (Shakspeare makes Edgar say, "The foul fiend haunted poor Tom in the voice
of a nightingale."--King Lear, Act III. Sc. 6.)

Tennyson seems to be almost the only poet who has thoroughly recognised
the great variety of epithets that may be applied to the nightingale's
song, through the very opposite feelings which it {398} seems to
possess the power to awaken. Fierce extremes employ
       Thy spirit in the dusking leaf,
       And in the midmost heart of grief
     Thy passion clasps a secret joy."

With which compare these lines in The Gardener's Daughter:

    "Yet might I tell of meetings, of farewells,--
     Of that which came between, more sweet than each,
     In whispers, like the whispers of the leaves
     That tremble round a nightingale--in sighs
     Which perfect Joy, perplexed for utterance,
     Stole from her sister Sorrow."

But the most singular proof that, I think, I have met with, concerning the diversity of opinion
touching the song of the nightingale, is to be found in the following example. When Shelley
(Prometheus Unbound) is describing the luxurious pleasures of the Grove of Daphne, he mentions
(in some of the finest lines he has ever written) "the voluptuous nightingales, sick with sweet
love," to be among the great attractions of the place: while Dean Milman (Martyrs of Antioch),
in describing the very same "dim, licentious Daphne," is particular in mention that everything
there

                              "Ministers
    Voluptuous to man's transgressions"
