Having recently been some research conducted among our British poets, on the character jug, I was struck with much greater quantity and variety of epithets, which I found applied to poultry. Difference of opinion that existed about the quality of his play, has certainly led his followers on either side of young poetic name of the nightingale wide variety of adjectives that are currently set down in a tabular form related poetic name sponsors. And make this topic note, I'm just opening an old Request for character jug was often a matter of discussion, not only for poets and scribblers, but even for great statesmen such as Fox, which amid all the anxieties of a political life, could still find time to defend nightingale as a "most musical, most melancholy" bird.

Fable of the nightingale's home would be, of course, in classical times, give the song its melancholy character, and is quite remarkable that Aeschylus is happy buzz of talk Cassandra nightingale, and choir to remark that this further proof of her insanity. (Shakspeare makes Edgar say, "foul fiend haunted poor Tom in the voice of a nightingale." - King Lear, Act III. Sc. 6.)

Tennyson seems to be almost the only poet who duly acknowledged a variety of epithets that can be applied to the nightingale tune, very opposite feelings through it (398) seems to have the power to awaken. Fierce extremes employ Thy spirit in dusking leaves, and pain in the heart of your passion clasps a secret joy. "

Compare these lines with the gardener's daughter:

"However, it might tell of meetings, farewell - of what came between, more sweet than each, in whispers, and whispers of leaves, which tremble round a nightingale - in sighs Which perfect Joy, perplexed of voice, stolen from her sister Sorrow. "

But the evidence itself, which, believe me, I met with the diversity of opinion reached jug, is to be found in the following example. When Shelley (Prometheus unbound) describes the pleasures of luxury is the Grove of Daphne, he mentions (in some of the best lines he ever wrote), "voluptuous nightingales, lovesick," to be among the big attractions of the place: while Dean Milman (Martyrs of Antioch), in describing the very same "off, licentious Daphne" is particularly noted that everything that exists

"Ministers Voluptuous human transgressions"
