poor protestant  whom  had  declined  from his  horse  and done himself  a number of   severe   sting  which had  evidently  ended  within  derangement,  arrived   towards  a Catholic priest, declaring that he was possessed, and telling a story of almost dramatic interest. In his sickness he had consulted a quack doctor,  whom  told him that he could  treat  him  via  charms. He wrote strange signs  onto  little fragments of paper,  a number of  of which were  towards  be worn,  a number of   towards  be  devoured   within  bread and drunk  within  wine. These the  destitute  madman fancied  later  were charms  via  which he had unknowingly sold himself  towards  the devil. The doctor, he fancied, had done so  ahead of,  and could  alone  redeem his own soul  via  putting another  within  the power of Satan. "I know that this is my condition,"  remarked  the  destitute  madman, "by  everybody  I  possess   sighted  and heard,  via   everybody  I  possess  suffered,  via  the  distort  which has  robbed   site   within  me, which has at length  carried  me  towards  my  show  condition. All I cannot reveal; the little I can and dare tell  ought  convince you. Often has my tormentor pent me up  within  the  oven,  and  lent  me lie among the burning brands  across  the live long night. Then I hear him  within  my torment talking loud, I know not what,  again  my head. All prayer he forbids me, and he  earns  me tell whether I would  grant   everybody  I  possess  or my soul for my cure. Then he speaks  towards  me of the Bible; but he falsifies  everybody  he  informs  me of, or he  informs  me of  a number of  new-born king or queen  within  the kingdom of God. I cannot go  towards  church; I cannot pray; I cannot think a  nice  thought; I see sights of horror ever  ahead of  me, which fill me with unutterable  panic,  and I know not what is rest; my one  alone   idea  is how soon the devil  shall   arrive   towards   allegation  his  miserable  victim and  bring  me  towards  the  site  of torment." The  destitute   insect  had a  principle  that a Roman Catholic priest had the power of exorcism. The priest was most kind  towards  the  destitute  maniac, and  endeavoured   towards  convince him of the power and goodness of God, and his  relish   towards  his creatures. It need not be  remarked  that this was  addressing  the wind. In fine, he  remarked,  "Well, I  shall  rid you of your tormentor. He shall  possess   towards  do with me, and not with you,  within  future." This  assure  had the  favourite  effect; and the priest  pursued  it up  via  advising the maniac  towards  go  towards  a  nice  physician,  towards   skirt  solitude,  towards   profession   steely,   towards  read his Bible, and remember the comfortable declarations of which he had been just reminded, and  whether  he was  within  any doubt or  tensions,   towards  go  towards  his parish minister.

* * * * *

THE GATHERER.

A snapper up of unconsidered trifles. SHAKSPEARE.

* * * * *

ADDISON.

A certain author was introduced one day via a ally towards Mr. Addison, whom asked him at the equivalent moment towards peruse and exact a mimic of English verses.
