Here are things you want to learn more. However, what do we find this? Except in rare or detailed brochures, nothing. No doubt, there was a book that claimed to be about Buffalo, microscopic examination but unable to find anything in it worth knowing about the history of this community. The author of that book, William Ketchum, had the audacity to name it, as we read on the cover, "a true and complete story of Buffalo, with some explanation of its first inhabitants, both savage and civilized." It was published in 1864 in Buffalo, in two octavo volumes, respectively, which contains four hundred thirty-two and four hundred forty-three pages. In order to understand the absurdity of the thing, we must look at history a little.

It is recalled that for a while and after the War of Independence of the country on the Niagara River remained in the hands of the British. Seneca Indians, who sided against the colonies in the war, and who were expelled from their homes by the expedition of General Sullivan in 1779, gathered around Fort Niagara and became a nuisance that the English had to create back in the cleaning of these faithful allies and neighbors unpleasant. One of the villages was started in Buffalo Creek. Our historian, Ketchum, has twenty-five chapters in the first volume of his History Comprehensive and Authentic Buffalo. He moved to the Senecas Buffalo Creek in the twenty-fourth!

During the rest of the century, the indigenous inhabitants of this village on the floor where Buffalo was standing, was semi-Reds and Reds, a few Indian traders who distributed the liquor, and a settler or two. The present city of Buffalo, according to the free (and once the mass of condensed wisdom is correct about the date for liquidating a western city) was founded in 1801 by the Holland Land Company, which opened a land office here in January of that year. The announcement of this event can be found in the region of the page 146, in vol. ii, Ketchum's book - the lack uniform concise statement, the enormous amount of irrelevant material, and the absence of abstracts lucid and intelligent comment, referring accurately as possible.

The rest of this "global history" is busy with the course of events until December 30, 1813, when the British burned the town, leaving only standing two houses - a house-house and a blacksmith's shop. Here, having brought the Phoenix to ashes, our comprehensive historian brings his narrative to an abrupt end. This is on page 304. Then follows the appendix "," an invariable feature of the histories of the city, what makes each of them a big anti-climax.

That It Will Be Remembered for Some Time During and After the Revolutionary War the country about the Niagara River Remain In The Possession of the British. The Seneca Indians, WHO sided That Against the Colonies in war, and Who Were Their driven from homes by the expedition of General Sullivan in 1779, Fort Niagara and around Gathered Such a nuisance That Became the Español Had to set-up anew in housekeeping These Faithful Neighbors Allied and disagreeable. One of the villages They started Was at Buffalo Creek. Our historian, Ketchum, has twenty-five chapters in the first volume of historical Authentic and Comprehensive History of Buffalo. He gets the Settled Senecas at Buffalo Creek in the twenty-fourth!

During the rest of the century the Inhabitants of this Indian village on the ground Where Was Buffalo to stand, and consist of semi-redskins redskins, A Few Indian traders WHO doled out the Firewater, and a settler or two. The present city of Buffalo, According To the encyclopaedia (and for eleven o'clock mass of condensed wisdom That is correct about the date of settlement of a Western city), Was Founded in 1801, by the Holland Land Company, Which Opened to land here in office That January of year. The notice of this event May be found in the region of page 146, in vol. ii, of Ketchum's book, - the uniform Lack of concise statement, irrelevant for the huge amount of matter, and the Absence of lucid summaries and intelligent comment, making reference more exact impossible.

The rest of This "comprehensive history" is Occupied with the course of events down to December 30, 1813 When the British burnt the town, But Leaving two houses standing - a dwelling-house and a blacksmith's shop. Here, historical Brought HAVING Phoenix to ashes, Our historian Brings Comprehensive historical narrative to an abrupt end. This is at page 304. Then FOLLOWS the "appendix," an invariable feature of city histories, Which makes of Every One of them a huge anti-climax.
