Music concert in the first half of the eighteenth century was in its entirety a trivial diversion, mind and spirit. " In the same way that I write now "popular music books," they wrote in that day, the way "how a Galant Homme attain complete understanding and taste in music," says Matheson, not satirical, but seriously: "Previously only two things were required composition, ie, melody and harmony, but today could be badly off if not add a third thing, namely, bravery, which, However, in any way to learn or set under the rules, but is acquired only by taste and discernment If one wanted an example. and the reader may not have been bold enough to understand what the music prowess , may not come to a bad use of a dress, the cloth that could be much needed harmony, style, song right, and then probably embroidery could be brave. "

With such personal and artistic taste like spread gallant world of that day, is all the more amazing that a high lonely spirit that Sebastian Bach's thoughts dared to develop the best and most curious forms, also in concert music. To be sure, as a natural consequence to remain solitary.

Music above for the diversion of the mind and spirit, "love songs short, concise composition, minor measures, frequent repetitions same thought. Grasps the ear although slightly intellectual, and entertaining to compare themes repeated in the same or modified form. We, on the contrary, almost always to listen to music with a dreamy, rarely with a comparative intellectual ear, modern music, therefore, is more influential, but also more dangerous than the old. Music increase in length from year to year, because during its execution, may have needed time to dream. Composition became infinitely more complicated. Four measures were sufficient for a simple melodic phrase, then six, then eight, twelve sixteen are now hard enough. Dignified old Schicht called young Beethoven's musical pig when he first learned to know the general composition of the architectural works of the latter. He heard the man next to the ear of his age and past, to the extent that it was quite well. For people to work from before the eighteenth century Beethoven would certainly seem terribly confused and bombastic, really like music and crazy products, moreover, full of the worst kind stylistic and grammatical gaffes, as did indeed occur at times even to contemporaries old master.
