
(A Reminiscence of the Opening of the Imperial Institute.)

    SCENE--The Hyde Park South Road, opposite the Cavalry Barracks.
    Closely-packed ranks of Sightseers have formed in front of the
    long line of unharnessed carriages under the trees. Outside
    this line the feebler folk, who invariably come on such
    occasions, and never find the courage to trust themselves in
    the crowd, are wistfully wandering, in the hope of procuring a
    place by some miraculous interposition.

Lament of Feeble Females. I told you how it would be--not the slightest use staying here!...
I can't see anything except a lamp-post and the top of a soldier's bearskin!... We might just
as well have stopped at home! (Viciously.) Where all the people come from, I don't know! I'm
sure we were here early enough!

Comments by Feeble Males. No--not much to be seen where we are, certainly, but--um--I don't
know that we're likely to do better anywhere else.... Not the least good attempting to get
in there. Well, we can try lower down, of course, but it'll be just the same. They ought to
arrange these things better!

    [They drift on discontentedly.

The Self-Helper (squeezing between the wheels, and elbowing himself past the people who have
been standing patiently there for hours). By your leave--'ere, just allow me to pass, please.
Thenk you. One moment, Mum. "No right to push in 'ere," 'aven't I? I've as much right as what
you 'ave. Think the ole Park b'longs to you, I suppose? You orter 'ave a space roped in a-purpose
for you, you ought! Tork about selfishness!

    [He arrives triumphantly in the foremost row, and obtains the
    tolerance, if not the sympathy, of all who are not near enough
    to be inconvenienced by his presence.

    Contented People in the Crowd. Oh, we shall do well enough 'ere.
They'll put their sunshades down when the QUEEN passes ... I can ketch
a view between the 'eads like. And you don't get the sun under the
trees ... Sha'n't have much longer to wait now. She'll be starting
in another arf hour--(&c., &c.)

A Lady in a Landau (to her husband). I don't think we could have done better, Horace--we shall
see everything; and it's quite amusing to be close to the crowd, and hear their remarks--much
nicer than being in one of the Stands!

    [Her self-congratulations are cut short by the arrival of
    three Humorous Artisans, who have taken a day off, and are in
    the highest animal spirits.

Joe (first Humorous Artisan). You shove in first, BILL--push along, JOE; there's room for three
little 'uns! Don't you mind about me--I'll git up 'ere, and see over your 'eds. [He mounts
on one of the front wheels of the landau, and holds on by the lamp.) I can see proper where
I am.
