(A Recollection of the Opening of the Imperial Institute.) 
SCENE-- The Hyde Park South Road, opposite the Cavalry Barracks: Compact ranks of sightseers have formed in the facade of the long line of unharnessed carriages beneath the trees. Outside this line the poor populace, who perpetually come on such occasions, and never find the audacity to trust themselves in the multitude, are pensively roving, in the hope of procuring a situate by some phenomenal interposition. 
Grieving of Feeble Females:  I told you how it would be--not the slightest use staying here!  I can't see anything excluding a lamp-post and the apex of a soldier's bearskin! We might just as well have stopped at home! (Ferociously) Where all the nation comes from, I don't know! I'm sure we were here early enough! 

Comments by Feeble Males: No--not a lot to be seen where we are, undoubtedly, but--um--I don't know that we're expected to do well anyplace else. Not the slightest fine attempt to get in there. Well, we can try lower down, of course, but it'll just be alike. They should assemble these things enhanced! 

[They drift on discontentedly.
 
The Self-Helper (squeezing flanked by the wheels, and elbowing himself past the populace who have been stationed tolerantly there for hours): By your leave--'ere, just permit me to go by, please. Thank you. One moment, Mum. "No right to push in 'ere," 'haven't I? I've as much right as what you 'have. Think the ole Park belongs to you, I suppose? You ought to 'have a gap roped in a-purpose for you, you ought! Talk about self-centeredness!
 
( He arrives victoriously in the primary row, and obtains the forbearance, if not the compassion, of all who are not near enough to be inconvenienced by his charisma.)

Contented People in the Crowd: Oh, we shall do well enough here. They'll put their sunshades down when the QUEEN passes ... I can sketch a view between the 'ends like. And you don't get the sun underneath the trees ... Shall not have much longer to wait now. She'll be starting in another half hour.

A Lady in a Landau (to her husband): I don't think we could have done better, Horace--we shall see the whole thing; and it's quite entertaining to be close to the multitude, and hear their remarks--much more pleasant than being in one of the Stands! 
[Her self-congratulations are cut short by the advent of three Humorous Artisans, who have taken a day off, and are in the utmost brute state of mind. 

Joe (first Humorous Artisan). You thrust in first, BILL--push along, JOE: there's room for three little 'of us! Don't you worry about me--I'll get up 'ere, and see over your 'eds. [He mounts on one of the front wheels of the landau, and holds on by the lamp.) I can see properly from where I am.
