They cried together over their love. 
Pleasure was not the only bond between them.  There was an indefinable poetry of memories and dreams which were owned by them as their own. This type of bond or love will be mostly possible for the men and women who had been loved before them together and who had been before with great intimacy each other and in them.  Without a word or perhaps even without having knowledge about it, they will be preserving the fascination of the first moments of their meeting in the woods.  Especially their precious sweet moments on the first days, the first nights together, those hours of sleep in each other's arms etc., will be still unthinking and sinking down into a flood of love and silent joy. It will be also included with some other sweet memories such as swift fancies, visions, dumb thoughts, titillating, making them to go pale, and they will all make their hearts to sink together under their desire.  Besides, they will be bringing all about them as a buzzing as of bees, a fine light and tender heartedness.  Their hearts will be sinking and beating no more, and it will bear down in excess of sweetness, silence, languor, and fever.  The mysterious weary smile of the earth will quake them under the first sunlight of spring.  So a fresh love between two young creatures is like an April morning. But at the same time as the month of April it will pass. Youth of the heart is always like an early feast of sunshine. 
Nothing could have brought Christopher closer to Ada in his love than the way in which he was judged by others. 
After their first meeting, in another day it became known all over the town. There were no attempts made by Ada to cover up the adventure. She had plumed herself on her conquest. Christopher would have liked more on his own tendencies.  But he felt that the curiosity of the people was upon him.  As he did not wish to seem to fly from it, he threw his lot of love with Ada. The entire little town totally had become drone with chatter. Christopher’s colleagues in the orchestra presented him clever compliments to which he did not reply.  The reason is he would not allow any interference with his affairs. The respectable people of the town judged his conduct very severely. He lost his music lessons with certain families. With others, the mothers thought that they must now be present at the daughters' lessons, watching with suspicious eyes, as though Christopher were intending to carry off the precious darlings. 
The young ladies were supposed to know nothing. Naturally they would have been known everything. And while they were in cold towards Christopher for his lack of taste, they were longing to have further details. It was only among the small trade’s people and the shop people.  Even though Christopher was popular, it was not longing for a longer period.  He was just as irritated by their approval as by the condemnation of the rest.  Instead of being unable to do anything against that condemnation, he took steps not to keep their approval. There was no difficulty about that. He was furious with the general indiscretion. 
The most indignant of all with him were Justus Euler and the Vogels. The reason is they have taken Christopher’s misconduct as a personal outrage.
