Their love for each other was so deep they thought their hearts would break.  It wasn't just a physical attraction that brought them together; they seemed to be kindred souls in so many ways.  They discovered a shared passion for the same ideas and goals.  They seemed to be part of a long procession of lovers, so that they were part of a parade of starry-eyed partners.  They kept in their hearts and memories the utter joy they felt when they first met in the forest, replaying those first days and night over and over.  The mere thought of the other was so overpowering it was almost impossible to breathe or to function coherently during the mundane hours when they must be apart, until they could be together again and once again be engulfed in the utter joy of each other.  This is what young love is like; it is all-encompassing, and it is as sweet as a spring morning.  But just as spring must pass, so too does young love.

As for Christophe and Ada,  the comments of the villagers did not dissuade him from her, but rather, made his desire for her even more intense.  The villagers had wasted no time:  they knew of the tryst the day after it occurred.  Ada was excited by it all and did not try to hide what had happened.  Christophe was more reserved and wished Ada herself would have been more demure about it all.  Nevertheless, once he felt the eyes of the villagers on him, he decided to rise to the occasion and stood by his Ada.  

The village was alive with gossip; even Christophe's fellow orchestra players commented on it, but Christophe did not respond.  He felt that his business was his own.  

Though he resolved to stand by Ada, he lost some business because of it.  The more conservative families censured him and refused to allow their children to continue with their music lessons with him.  Other families retained his services but decided that the mother must be present during any lessons involving a daughter, and these mothers sat close by as if their daughters' very virginity was at risk. 

Of course, all the girls in town were theoretically ignorant of the events, and of course, they all knew every detail.  They held up their noses in his presence, but inside they itched for every scrap of information they could find.  The blue-collar workers remained staunchly in Christophe's corner, but he did not appreciate their support.  He was just as disgusted by their rallying behind him as he was by the disapproval evidenced by everyone else.  Since he could do nothing about the disapproval, he did not even make an attempt to retain their good graces.  He was absolutely livid with the pettiness of it all.

Those who were most horrified by his actions were Justus Euler and the Vogels, who acted as though Christophe had affronted them personally.
