We should hold our existence as a nation by the basest
of tenures, were we to admit the monstrous doctrine that only one party is competent to govern
the Republic, and that there is an appeal from the decision of the ballot to that of the bayonet.
There never existed a great people so craven as to make such an admission; and were we to set
the example of making it, we should justify all that has been said adversely to us by domestic
traitors and foreign foes. We should prove that we were unfit to enjoy that greatest of all
public blessings, constitutional freedom, by surrendering it at the demand of a faction, merely
that we might live in security, and enjoy the property we had accumulated. Ancient history
mentions a people who were so fond of their ease that they placed all power in the hands of
their slaves, on condition that the latter should not meddle with those pleasures to the unbroken
pursuit of which they purposed devoting all their means and time. The slaves soon became masters,
and the masters slaves. We should fare as badly as the Volsinians, were we to place all power
in the hands of slaveholders, who then would own some millions of white bondmen, far inferior
in every manly quality to those dark-faced chattels from among whom the Union has recruited
some of its bravest and most unselfish champions. But there is no ground, none whatever, for
believing that the Rebels would cease to be Rebels, if there should be a Democratic restoration
effected. Not even the election of Mr. Buchanan to a second Presidential term would lead them
to abandon their purpose: and he was their most useful tool in 1860, and without his assistance
they could not have made one step in the road to rebellion, or ruin. Their purpose is to found
a new nation, as they have never hesitated to avow, with a frankness that is as commendable
as the cause in which it is evinced is abominable. They would be glad to see a Democrat chosen
our next President, because they would expect from him an acknowledgment of their "independence";
but they would no more lay down their arms at his entreaty than they would at the command of
a President of Republican opinions. Their arms can be forced from their hands, but there exists
no man who could, from any position, induce them to surrender, or come back into the Union
on any terms. They mean to abide the wager of battle, and are more likely to be moved from
their purpose by the bold actions of General Grant than by the blandest words of the smoothest-tongued
Democrat in America. To any mere persuader, no matter what his place or his opinions, they
would turn an ear as deaf as that of the adder,--refusing to listen to the voice of the charmer,
charm he never so wisely.

