He owed, but his success to the high number of his troops, and the talents of the generals and officers serving under him. It has a counselor of the State of Napoleon, was charged with the command of the army against the Chouans. Here he is again seduced by his promises, and deceived by his intrigues, acted infamously - and was successful.

LETTER XXXIX.

PARIS, September, 1805.

MY LORD: - Three months before Brown set out on his embassy to Constantinople, Talley and Fouche had gathered together all the desperadoes of our revolution, and all the Italian, Corsican, Greek and Arab renegadoes begging in our country, to form his a set of servants willing that the real purpose of his mission.

You know too much of our national character and my own truth, it is unlikely that, when I assure you that most of our big men in the place is so vain and pretentious, and sometimes in vain, and a suspicion of the better their discretion and good sense will. What I going to tell myself I did not hear, but it was for my report by a female friend, as worthy of her virtues as admiration for her achievements. She is frequently honored with invitations to Talley's famous parties, composed mainly of people whose fortunes are as independent as their principles, which, although not the revolutionary adoption, not by his enemies against his fans, who prefer quiet and dark and stirring celebrity. Their number is much higher than half a dozen, and the Minister called it the only honest people in France, with whom he thinks he is safe.

If they are here reported that two hundred people from Brown's suite began at 84 in Marseille and Genoa, and when it next known that almost fifty people with him in his right, an unusual occurrence, many conversations and much speculation in all our coteries and fashionable circles. About that time my friend ate with Talley, and, by coincidence, also called the large embassy, observing, at the same time, it is too much honor done to the Ottoman Porte, and too much money thrown away the glory, to honor such an imbecile and swik government.

"How people talk," interrupted Talley, "about what they do not understand. More than a Bonaparte, he will not throw away his expenses, perhaps within twelve months after all this renegadoes or adventurers, to whom everyone regarded as valets of Brown , three-tailed Pachas or Beys, leading friends of freedom, breaking their fetters raised as slaves of a Selim to be the subjects of a Napoleon. The Eastern Empire has, indeed, a long-expired but it may suddenly be revived. "
