He related, however, its success in higher number of troops, and the talents of generals and officers serving under him. Being made a State Counsellor by Bonaparte was charged with command of the army against Chouans. Here he again seduced by his promises, and duped by his intrigues, had acted infamously - but was successful.

LETTER XXXIX.

Paris, September, 1805.

My Lord - three months before Brown set the embassy in Constantinople, Talleyrand and Fouche were gathering together all the desperadoes of our revolution, and all Italian, Corsican, Greek, and Saudi renegadoes homeless in our country and to form and an accompanying set of real object agrees with its mission.

You know too much of our national character and the veracity of my own I think it unlikely, when I assure you that most men in our great location are as vain as naughty, and sometimes get a vanity and presumption improved their discretion and prudence. What I'm going to tell you not hear me, but was reported to me by a female friend as her virtues estimated as admired for her accomplishments. It is frequently honored with invitations to parties Talleyrand's family, composed mainly of people whose fortunes are as independent as their principles, which, while not approving the Revolution, nor joined his opposers, no opposed to its members, preferring silence and obscurity to fame and excitement. Their number is well over half a dozen, and the Minister requesting only honest people in France, who believes himself safe.

When it was reported here that two hundred people in his brown suit he joined Marseille and eighty-four in Genoa, and when it was known that apart from nearly fifty individuals together from the start to this unusual event caused much discussion and much speculation in all our fashionable circles and coteries. About this time my friend dined with Talleyrand, and, by chance, mentioned also the Grand Embassy, respecting at the same time, it was done too much honor to the Porte, and too much money thrown at glory, to honor such a moron and tottering Government.

"How people talk," Talleyrand interrupted, "what they do not understand. Generous as Bonaparte is, he does not drop its charges, probably within twelve months, all these renegadoes or adventurers, it takes into account all Brunei as valets will be Pachas three tail or drink, leading friends of freedom, which broke their fetters glorious as slaves to become subjects of Napoleon Selim. Eastern Roman Empire was, indeed, much has passed, but may suddenly be revived. "
