He went however further than this and so changed the inflections and orthography that the language
is no longer of the fourteenth but rather of the fifteenth century. But in no other way could
it have been made to harmonize with his proposed continuation, concerning which he proceeds
to say: "and also am auysed to make another booke after this sayd werke whiche shal be sett
here after the same, And shal haue his chapytres and his table a parte. For I dar not presume
to sette my book ne ioyne hit to his, for dyuerse causes". Accordingly he begins his "Liber
ultimus" with a new signature, preceded by a blank page. His "table" nevertheless is combined
with that of the preceding seven books in one alphabet. Wynkyn de Worde's edition has a more
elaborate index of ninety pages in which each of the eight books is indexed in a separate alphabet.

Apart from the interest attaching to this "Liber ultimus" as the only original work of any
length from Caxton's pen, the Polychronicon is next to the Golden Legend his largest book,
and in the Prohemye they are grouped together as the "twoo bookes notable" which treat of history.
It happens also, probably because of larger editions printed, that of these two books many
more copies have survived than of any of his other books, about one-fourth of which are now
represented only by single copies. Of the Polychronicon, Seymour de Ricci's "Census of Caxtons"
(1909) enumerates forty known copies (very few of them entirely complete), evenly divided between
public and private libraries. To this list he adds, under the heading "Present owners untraced,"
forty-eight copies (nos. 41-88) which appeared at sales between 1698 and 1901, some of them
possibly identical with copies already described as "known." In this second division is found
the present copy (no. 79), purchased by the donor of this collection at the Smets sale, New
York, May, 1868, in calf binding, with the name of the owner "A.A. Smets, Savannah, May 28,
1836" on the fly-leaf. It was at once sent to Francis Bedford for binding, with instructions
to have the "inlaying, repairing etc. done over in the very best manner, by the best restorer
in France or England." Bound in brown morocco, richly blind-tooled, with Tudor rose, fleur-de-lis
and acorn emblems. Leaf 10-1/4 × 7-1/2 in. The Smets fly-leaf and the original instructions
sent to Mr. Bedford with the volume and returned by him with an added note over his own signature,
laid in.

Other copies of the Polychronicon which have passed through Mr. Bedford's hands have been bound
in the same style, among them the Menzies copy, sold New York, November, 1876, which de Ricci
wrongly conjectured might be identical with the Smets.

25. ORDINARY OF CHRISTIAN MEN.
