
I hope no Body will be offended at my asserting Things so positively, since 'tis the Priviledge
of us Commentators, who understand the meaning of an Author Seventeen Hundred Years after he
has wrote, much better than ever he cou'd be suppos'd to do himself. And certainly, a Critick
ought not only to know what his Authors Thoughts were when he was Writing such and such Passages,
but how those Thoughts came into his Head, where he was when he wrote, or what he was doing
of; whether he wrote in a Garden, a Garret, or a Coach; upon a Lady, or a Milkmaid; whether
at that Time he was scratching his Elbow, drinking a Bottle, or playing at Questions and Commands.
These are material and important Circumstances so well known to the True Commentator, that
were Virgil and Horace to revisit the World at this time, they'd be wonderfully surpris'd to
see the minutest of their Perfections discover'd by the Assistances of Modern Criticism. Nor
have the Classicks only reap'd Benefit from Inquiries of this Nature, but Divinity it self
seems to be render'd more intelligible. I know a Divine, who understands what St. Paul meant
by Higher Powers, much better than that Apostle cou'd pretend to do; and another, That can
unfold all the Mysteries of the Revelations without Spectacles.

I know there are some People that cast an Odium on me, and others, for pointing out the Beauties
of such Authors, as have, they say, been hitherto unknown, and argue, That 'tis a sort of Heresie
in Wit, and is like the fruitless Endeavours of proving the Apostolical Constitutions Genuine,
that have been indisputably Spurious for so many Ages: But let these Gentlemen consider, whether
they pass not the same Judgment on an Author, as a Woman does on a Man, by the gayety of his
Dress, or the gaudy Equipage of his Epithets. And however they may call me second-sighted,
for discerning what they are Blind to, I must tell them this Poem has not been altogether so
obscure, but that the most refin'd Writers of this Age have been delighted with the reading
it. Mr. Tho. D'Urfey, I am told, is an Admirer, and Mr. John Dunton has been heard to say,
more than once, he had rather be the Author of it than all his Works.

How often, says my Author, have I seen the Tears trickle down the Face of the Polite Woodwardius
upon reading some of the most pathetical Encounters of Tom Thumb! How soft, how musically sorrowful
was his Voice! How good Natur'd, how gentle, how unaffected was the Ceremoniale of his Gesture,
and how unfit for a Profession so Merciless and Inhumane!

I was persuaded by a Friend to write some Copies of Verses and place 'em in the Frontispiece
of this Poem, in Commendation of My self and my Comment, suppos'd to be compos'd by AG. FT.
LM.
