The next step is to seek favorable signs, and two men are told off for it. They repair to some spot in the jungle, or more frequently on the river, where they built a small hut, they adorn the poles of the collapse of its framework, and as insurance against disruptions by passing acquaintances. Or the sound of certain birds and animals is favorable, others unfavorable, but friendly creatures to be respected in a specific order, where there are signs to be entirely satisfactory. If very bad signs are observed, the men return home to report the facts, and will make another attempt, after a few days. Where are signs of mixed character, they will persist for some time, hoping to get a sufficient number of good signs to counter or undo bad. When seeking to place their comments, their choice is determined to see a spider-hunter (ARACHNOTHERA) flying across the river, chirping like flies. This is seen when they stop the boat, shouting at the birds, "Oh, ISIT friend, to protect us and give us success." One land men on the bench, hews a pole about eight feet long, cuts her bouquets of chips, without detaching (pl. 97) were from the pole, and thrusts one end of its soil, so as to remain slope to the abode of the enemy. While this is done on shore, a fire of some sort (if only one cigarette) is lit in the boat, and the position is explained more fully in birds, but no mention of the name of the enemy. Observers then raise a hut near the sign-pole for their shelter, and pass the night there before to look out for signs of birds near desired. This is trogan (HARPACTES DUVAUCELII), which has a unique soft Trilling and a bright red breast. When you see this bird, is addressed in the same way as the spider-hunter, and this second phase of the process is also marked by a feathered stick thrust into the ground before the hut. Then they spend a night in the hut hoping for significant dreams. To dream of abundance of fruit (which symbolizes the head) is favorable to any dream or fear of an unpleasant situation is unfavorable. After a favorable dream comes the most important stage of work, observation Hawks. They look for Laki NEHO the door of their hut at nine o'clock in the morning. Once an eagle is seen, they light a fire and call on him to go left, waving a stick with feathers in this direction, and shouting at the top of his voice, one of them pours out a torrent of words addressed to hawk. If he leaves the right, have noted that the console is a low grade, and they sit down to wait for another.
