
The next step is to seek favourable omens, and two men are told off for this work. They repair
to some spot in the jungle, or more commonly on the bank of the river, where they build a small
hut; they adorn it by fraying the poles of its framework, and so secure themselves against
interruptions by passing acquaintances. The sight or sound of certain birds and beasts is favourable,
of others unfavourable; but the favourable creatures must be observed in a certain order, if
the omens are to be entirely satisfactory. If very bad omens are observed, the men return home
to report the fact, and will make another attempt after a few days. If the omens are of mixed
character, they will persist for some time, hoping to get a sufficient number of good omens
to counteract or nullify the bad. When seeking for their place of observation, their choice
is determined by seeing a spider-hunter (ARACHNOTHERA) flying across the river, chirping as
it flies. When this is seen they stop the boat, calling out to the bird, "O friend ISIT, protect
us and give us success." One of the men lands on the bank, hews out a pole about eight feet
long, cuts upon it bunches of shavings without detaching (Pl. 97) them from the pole, and thrusts
one end of it into the ground so that it remains sloping towards the abode of the foe. While
this is being done on the bank, fire of some sort (if only a cigarette) is lighted in the boat,
and the position is explained more fully to the bird, but without any mention of the name of
the enemy. The observers then erect a hut near the omen-pole for their shelter, and pass the
night there before looking out for the omen-bird next desired. This is the trogan (HARPACTES
DUVAUCELII), which has a peculiar soft trilling note and a brilliant red chest. When this bird
appears, it is addressed in the same way as the spider-hunter; and this second step of the
process is also marked by a feathered stick thrust into the ground before the hut. Then they
spend another night in the hut hoping for significant dreams. To dream of abundance of fruit
(which symbolises heads) is favourable; any dream of a disagreeable or fearful situation is
unfavourable. After a favourable dream comes the most important stage of the business, the
observation of the hawks. They look for LAKI NEHO from the door of their hut about nine o'clock
in the morning. As soon as a hawk is seen, they light a fire and call on him to go to the left,
waving a feathered stick in that direction, and, shouting at the top of his voice, one of them
pours out a torrent of words addressed to the hawk. If he goes out of sight towards the right,
they console themselves by remarking that he is one of low degree, and they sit down to wait
for another.
