Soit!" quoth the Baron, in excellent French, "you may take it from me (if I'll
part with it) that the Hole book is by no means a half-and-half sort of book, but is vastly
entertaining." The stories of "The Cloth" form the most entertaining part of the work. The
Baron wishes success to this work of the Dean in Holey Orders, and suggests that the volume
should be re-entitled Gathered Leaves from Dean Hole's Rose Garden, a better title than "Reminiscences."

MARION CRAWFORD'S Don Orsino (published by MACMILLAN & CO.) would be worth reading were it
only for the colour of its word-painting, and for its high-comedy dialogue. Yet is Mr. CRAWFORD
rather given to pause in his story, for the sake of moralising on the tendencies of the age;
and the reader, patient though he may be, when he has become interested in the personages of
the novel, does not care to be button-holed by a digression. MARION CRAWFORD'S recipe for commencing
an amorous duologue (early in Vol. III.), which is to lead up to a declaration of love, is
deliciously ingenious. It begins with the gentleman taking a seat, and his first remark is
upon the chair. Mr. CRAWFORD evidently remembers the old story of how the tenor who knew but
one song, "In my Cottage near a Wood," used to introduce it into any scene of any Opera by
the simple process of making his entrance alone and finding a chair on the stage. "Aha!" quoth
he. "What's this? A chair? and made of wood! Ah! that word! how it reminds me of my 'umble
home, 'my cottage near a wood.'" Cue for band; chord; song. In this instance, the love-scene,
admirably led up to on the above plan, is strikingly powerful; it is the work of a master-hand.
The dénoûment is both artistically original and, at the same time, ordinarily probable. May
all readers enjoy this excellent novel as much as has the sympathetic

BARON DE BOOK-WORMS.

       *       *       *       *       *

CLASSICAL QUESTION.--If some schoolboys, home for Christmas holidays, wanted Sir AUGUSTUS DRURIOLANUS
to give them a Christmas Box (not a private one at the Pantomime), what Ancient Philosopher
would they mention? Why--of course--"ARISTIPPUS."

       *       *       *       *       *

       *       *       *       *       *

LOCAL COLOUR.

Mr. ALFRED AUSTIN, in his new poem, Fortunatus, the Pessimist, has hit upon a new notion, to
say nothing of a novel rhyme. Sings he:--

  "When the foal and brood-mare hinny,
  And in every cut-down spinney
  Lady's-Smocks grow mauve and mauver,
  Then the Winter days are over."

This opens a polychromatic vista to the New Poetry. Technical Art comes to the aid of the elder
Muses. The products of gas-tar alone should greatly regenerate a something time-worn poetic
phraseology. As thus:--

