OSIM "quoth the Baron!, The excellent French language, you can get from me (if I part with him) that the hole card is not a kind of half and half of the book, but it is entertaining. "Stories" fabric "the most fun working. Baron wants success in this work by Dean on Orders drilling, and suggests that the volume should be re-titled Gathered Leaves from the Dean Hole's Rose Garden, a better title than "Memoirs."

MARION Crawford Don Orsino (published by Macmillan & Co) should be worth reading was only color word-painting, and its high-comedy dialogue. However, Mr. Crawford gave rather to interrupt the story for the sake of moralizing about age trends, and the reader, although he can be patient when he became interested by the novel's characters, not to care be button-holed by a digression. MARION recipe Crawford love to start a dialogue (at the beginning of Vol. III). which is to lead to a declaration of love, is ingeniously delicious. It begins with Mr taking a seat, and his first remark is on the seat. Mr. Crawford remembers, of course, old story of how the tenor who knew but one song, "In my house near a wood, used for placing in any stage of any opera, by a simple process to make single entry and find a seat on stage. "Aha!" quoth he. "What is this? A chair? And made of wood! Oh! That word! Way that reminds me of my house" walk "my cottage near a forest." Cue the band, chord, song. In this case, the love-scene, admirably led by the plan above, is surprisingly strong, it is the work of a master hand. Dénoûment is so original and artistic, while usually expected. May all readers enjoy this excellent novel is funny as long as

BARON DE BOOK-worms.

* * * * *

CLASSICS QUESTION .-- If some students, home for the Christmas holidays, Sir AUGUSTUS DRURIOLANUS wanted to give them a box of Christmas (Pantomime not one private), which the ancient philosopher, is mentioned? Why - of course - "ARISTIPPUS."

* * * * *

* * * * *

LOCAL COLOUR.

ALFRED M. Austin, in his poem again, Fortune, pessimistic, hit a new notion, let alone a novel rhyme. He sings: -

"When juveniles hinny foal and Mare and cut down every spinney Lady's-purple robes and mauver increase, then winter days are over."

This opens up a vista of new poetry polychrome. Art comes to technical support elder Muses. Single gas tar products should regenerate some time bore much a poetic phraseology. Such as: -
