
"I know I hain't done by ye like a brother," said Lucas, anxious to get his self-imposed humiliation
over, "and I'm sorry, and I'd like to begin over again."

"I'm just as much a transgressor as you be," said Armida, anxious to spare him. "If I hadn't
said what I did, I 'spose you'd married Ianthe, and like as not had a family round ye."

"I don't know as I care now," said Lucas; "I have felt hard to ye; but I see Ianthe last March"--he
laughed--"and I didn't mourn much that her name wa'n't Huxter. But that's neither here nor
there. If you feel as if you could git along with two old brothers to look after instead of
one, and overlook what's passed--"

"I'd be glad to, Lucas, if you won't lay up anything against me."

"Well, then;" and coming to her side Lucas bent over her, and, to her great surprise, kissed
her. Turning away before she could return the kiss, he opened the back door and called to Theodore.

As Theodore came in, Lucas said: "If you had a shawl round ye, Armidy, wouldn't you like to
git out a minute before breakfast?" and without waiting for an answer, he brought her shawl
and wrapped it round her, then put on her bonnet.

"Can't you and I," he said to Theodore, "make a chair and take her out? You hain't forgot sence
you left school, hev you?"

Locking their hands together they formed what school-children call a chair, and lifting Armida
between them, carried her through the hall, out at the front door, down the walk to the gate,
and turned round, while Theodore bade his sister look up at the house. Armida obeyed. She saw
the house glistening with paint, her side of it as white as Lucas's, and blinds adorning her
front windows, while the front porch, with new-laid floor and steps and bristling with brackets,
was, in her eyes, the most imposing of entrances.

Could it be true? she asked herself, and shut her eyes; then glanced again, then looked at
her brothers, who were both silent, Theodore smiling with joy, while Lucas looked gravely down
at her.

"Oh, Lucas!" she cried, throwing her arms around his neck, "you done this for me!"

"I told you I was sorry, Armidy," he said.

SCIENTIFIC KITE-FLYING.

BY CLEVELAND MOFFETT.

On the long peninsula that separates New York Bay from Newark Bay, there is, among other things,
a red house by an open field, in which lives the king of kite-flyers. Every one in Bayonne,
the town which covers this peninsula, knows the red house by the open field; for scarcely a
day passes, winter or summer, that kites are not seen sailing above this spot--sometimes a
solitary "hurricane flyer," when the wind is sweeping in strong from the ocean; sometimes a
tandem string of seven or eight six-footers, each one fastened to the main line by its separate
cord.
