"I realize that I have not treated you like a sibling," mentioned Lucas, ready to pass over his self-induced shame, "and I apologize, I would wish to start anew."

"I am similarly a violator," relied Armida, willing to spare him. "If I had not said what I have said, I figure that you would have married Ianthe, and likewise would not have been surrounded by family."

"I no longer care," said Lucas. "I have felt hard to you; however, I have seen Ianthe last March"-- he chuckled-- "and I was not saddened extensively that she did not share my surname. But no matter. If you believe that you could continue with two old brothers to care for in place of one, and forget what has happened--"

"I would be happy to, Lucas, as long as you won't hold it against me."

"I see;" and coming to her side Lucas bent over her, and surprisingly, kissed her. He faced away before she return the favor, threw open the back entrance and yelled to Theodore.

As Theodore entered, Lucas spoke: "If you were wearing a shawl, Amidy, would you like to go out a minute before breakfast?" and before waiting for a reply, gave her a shawl and wrapped her in it, before placing a bonnet on her head. 

"Can't the two of us," he asked Theodore, "make a chair and help her leave? Have you forgotten since leaving school?"

Interlocking their fingers they created what young students call a seat, and raising Armida between them, they lifted her down the hall, out the front entrance, down the path to the gate, and turned around. Meanwhile, Theodore asked his sister to look up at their home. Armida did so. She realized that the house was bright with fresh paint, just as white as Lucas's, and that the front windows were adorned with blinds. The front porch had a new floor and stairway, was bristling with brackets, and was, in her opinion, quite an intimidating entryway. 

Is it possible? she wondered, and closed her eyelids, then looked again, who did not speak. Theodore was grinning with happiness, while Lucas returned a solemn glance.

"Oh, Lucas!" She exclaimed, grasping his neck with her arms, "you have done this for me!"

"I told you that I had apologized, Armidy," he replied.

SCIENTIFID KITE-FLYING.

BY CLEVELAND MOFFET

On the stretched peninsula between New York and Newark Bays, there lies many things, including a red home in an empty span of field, in which the king of kite-flyers resides. Every inhabitant of Bayonne, the town on the peninsula, is aware of the red home by the field; as kites can be seen above this spot each day of the winter and summer - sometimes a single "hurricane flyer," when the wind blows in gusts from over the sea, sometimes a tandem cord of seven to eight six-footers, with each secured to the main line by a different cord.
