MAINE 1876—
We have already spoken of the capital of the Cenomanni. Some of us have mentioned the district naturally follows on that of the capital. In no part of Gaul, in the days at least when Le Mans and Maine stand out most prominently in general history, are the city and the district more closely connected. Maine was not such a large territory. Nor was it inhabited too greatly by a distinct people. It was a territory which, in all but name, was a kingdom rather than a duchy--a territory which, though cumbered by the relations of a nominal vassalage, fairly ranked, according to the standard of those times, among the great powers of Europe.

We do not know who the guilty ones are.
Maybe there is some stuck-up Mayor or Prefect who thinks of himself as a great man if he could make Le Mans as ugly and uninteresting as the dreary modern streets of Rouen or of Paris. It is certain that Mr. Haussmann was seen not long ago in Le Mans, and such a presence at such a time is frightfully bad.
At any rate, the facts which can be seen by the traveler's own eyes are beyond doubt. The later walls close by the river have been broken down to leave fragments here and there as ornaments in a kind of garden, and still worse, the extremely ancient wall has been broken through. The ancient city itself cleft in twain! By an amount of labor which reminds one of Trajan cutting through the Quirinal, la Cite has been cut into two halves with a yawning gulf between them; the Roman wall is broken through, and the very best of the twelfth-century houses has been ruthlessly swept away.
The excuse for this brutal reckoning? To make some kind of street direct from the newer town down to the river and if the savages could have been persuaded to pay a visit to Devizes, then they might have learned that the claims of past and present may be forgiven. There the simple device of a tunnel carries the railway under the ancient mound without doing the least harm; and a tunnel might in the same way have connected the modern town with the Sarthe without doing the least damage either to Roman walls or Romanesque houses.
A great part of Saint Julian's is more than seven hundred years old, and in the eyes either of Mayor or Prefect it may be ugly. The vast monument which rests against one of its walls has seen many more than seventy years, and the most devoted antiquary can hardly call it beautiful. When the Roman walls of Le Mans are torn down, not a thing will have a chance of survival. All that can be done is for those in whose eyes antiquity is not a crime to run back and forth, over the world as fast as may be, and see all that they can while anything is left.
