We
know not who are the guilty ones. Perhaps there is some stuck-up Mayor or Prefect who would
think himself a great man if he could make Le Mans as ugly and uninteresting as the dreary
modern streets of Rouen or of Paris itself. It is at all events certain that M. Haussmann was
not long ago seen in Le Mans, and such a presence at such a time is frightfully ominous. At
any rate the facts which can be seen by the traveller's own eyes are beyond doubt. The later
walls close by the river have been broken down to leave fragments here and there as ornaments
in a kind of garden, and, worse still than this, the ancient wall has been broken through,
and the ancient city itself cleft in twain. By an amount of labour which reminds one of Trajan
cutting through the Quirinal, la Cité has been cut into two halves with a yawning gulf between
them; the Roman wall is broken through, and the very best of the twelfth-century houses has
been ruthlessly swept away. The excuse for this brutal havoc is to make a road or street of
some kind direct from the modern town to the river. If the savages could have been persuaded
to pay a visit to Devizes, they might there have learned that the claims of past and present
may be reconciled. There the simple device of a tunnel carries the railway under the ancient
mound without doing the least harm; and a tunnel might in the same way have connected the modern
town with the Sarthe without doing the least damage either to Roman walls or Romanesque houses.
But there are minds to which mere havoc gives a pleasure for its own sake. A great part of
Saint Julian's is more than seven hundred years old, and in the eyes either of Bishop or of
Prefect it may be ugly. The vast menhir which rests against one of its walls has seen many
more than seven centuries, and the most devoted antiquary can hardly call it beautiful. When
the Roman walls of Le Mans are not spared, nothing can be safe. All that can be done is for
those in whose eyes antiquity is not a crime to run to and fro over the world as fast as may
be, and see all that they can while anything is left.

MAINE

1876

We have already spoken of the capital of the Cenomanni, and some mention of the district naturally
follows on that of the capital. In no part of Gaul, in the days at least when Le Mans and Maine
stand out most prominently in general history, are the city and the district more closely connected.
Maine was not, like Normandy, a large territory, inhabited to a great extent by a distinct
people--a territory which, in all but name, was a kingdom rather than a duchy--a territory
which, though cumbered by the relations of a nominal vassalage, fairly ranked, according to
the standard of those times, among the great powers of Europe.
