Talking of hunting, and more especially of falconry, he told me that his deserts abounded with
game, and that if I would stay with him, I should see herds of antelopes fall to his noble
hawks. He was curious about our field sports, but showed very little interest in more important
matters; because, said he, "I am already well informed in all that concerns Europeans and their
empires."

The sheikh is held in great veneration by all the tribes, who fly to Fellahi at his summons,
bringing their own materiel of war. In this way he can command the services of six or seven
thousand cavalry, and above fifteen thousand infantry, independently of the wandering Illyauts,
who inhabit the deserts of Chab.

(At Bebuhan are some interesting notes.)

The Khans and Meerzas of Bebuhan are considerable consumers of coffee, but not after the fashion
of Turks, Arabs, or Europeans. It is with them a kind of bon-bon eaten in a powdered and roasted
state, without having had any connexion with hot water. When Meer Goolam Hussein called on
me, he was always accompanied by his coffee-bearer, who carried about the fragrant berry in
a snuff-box, and handed it frequently to the company present. The first time it was brought
to me, deceived by its colour and quality, and strengthened in the delusion by its singular
repository, I took a pinch of the coffee and applied it to my nose, amidst the roars of laughter
and looks of surprise of all the party.

(A vestry dinner in Persia must be one of our selections.)

At the convent of Julfa the governing bishop and his confreres have ample room, plenty of society,
and a well furnished table. I dined once with his lordship and the churchwardens, and found
that vestry honours and vestry appetites are not exclusively English characteristics. The dinner
was spread as usual on the ground, on a large white cloth, around which the guests assembled.
Placed opposite each guest was a plate, knife, fork, spoon, and glass, a piece of cheese, two
or three feet of bread, and a hard boiled egg. The feast commenced by each person drinking
a dram of aniseed; then came in quick succession mutton chops, boiled fowls, boiled kidneys,
sour curds, tea, apricots, apples, and grapes, sweetmeats, and salt fish; to each of which
laymen and churchmen did equal justice, finishing the feast with a sacrifice to Bacchus.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

       *       *       *       *       *

BOYHOOD OF CRANMER--SCHOOLS BEFORE THE REFORMATION.

Cranmer received his early education from a parish-clerk. This may seem singular, for he was
of gentle blood, and was entered at Cambridge amongst "the better sort of students." But probably
such shifts were not unusual before the Reformation.
