Speaking of hunting, and especially of falconry, he told me his deserts abounded in game, and that if I stayed with him, I see herds of antelope fell to their noble falcons. He was curious about sports in our field, but showed little interest in more important matters, because, he said, "I am well informed on everything that relates to the Europeans and their empires."

The sheikh is kept in great veneration by all tribes, flying to Fellahi to subpoena, with your own material of war. This way you can command the services of six or seven thousand cavalry, and over fifteen thousand foot, regardless of the Illyauts wanderer, living in the deserts of Chab.

(In Bebuhan there are some interesting notes.)

The Khans and Meerza of Bebuhan are major consumers of coffee, but not in the way of the Turks, Arabs or Europeans. It is with them a kind of bon-bon eating in a state powder and roasted, without having had any connection with hot water. Meer Goolam When Hussein asked me, he was always accompanied by his coffee-bearer, who carried fragrant berry in a box of snuff, and handed it to society often present. The first time you brought me, fooled by their color and quality, and strengthened in the deception by its unique repository, I took a pinch of coffee and applied it to his nose, amid the laughter and looks of surprise on the whole game .

(A dinner sacristy in Persia should be one of our choices.)

In the convent of Julfa Governing Bishop and his brothers have ample room, full of society, and a well furnished table. I dined once with his lordship and the stewards, and found that pays homage to the sacristy and vestry appetites are not exclusively English characteristics. The dinner was spread as usual on the floor, on a large white cloth, around which guests. Located next to each guest was a plate, knife, fork, spoon, and glass, a piece of cheese, two or three feet of bread and a boiled egg. The party started for each person to drink a glass of anise, and then came in quick succession the lamb chops, poultry, cooked, boiled kidneys, sour curd, tea, apricots, apples and grapes, sweet and salted fish each of which the laity and clergy did equal justice, ending the party with a sacrifice to Bacchus.

* * * * *

THE PUBLIC JOURNALS.

* * * * *

CHILDREN OF CRANMER - SCHOOLS BEFORE THE REFORM.

Cranmer received his early education in a parish-dependent. This may seem singular, for he was of noble birth, and enrolled in Cambridge between "the better class of students." But probably, these changes were not unusual before the Refor
