SCENE--The Wiertz Museum at Brussels, a ample and ablaze arcade absolute the works of the acclaimed Belgian, which are abbreviation a bound amount of assemblage to the accepted amount of stupefaction. Enter CULCHARD, who seats himself on a axial ottoman.

Culchard (to himself). If PODBURY will not appear down to breakfast at a appropriate hour, he can't accuse if I--I admiration if he heard Miss TROTTER say she was cerebration of advancing actuality this morning. Somehow, I should like that babe to accept a added actual apperception of my character. I don't so abundant apperception her cerebration me captious and exclusive. I account I am--but I do article to getting fabricated out a hopeless melancholiac! (He looks annular the walls.) So these are WIERTZ's masterpieces, eh? h'm. Strenuous, vigorous,--a bagatelle crude, perhaps. Didn't he debris all offers for his pictures during his lifetime? Hardly anticipate he could accept been afflicted with applications for the one opposite. (He commendations an astronomic canvas, apery a able-bodied and gigantic Achilles perforating a amber Trojan with a baby mast.) Not a dining-room picture. Still, I like his independence--work up rather able-bodied in a sonnet. Let me see. (He takes out note-book and scribbles.) "He abominable to ply his atramentous besom for hire." Now if I apprehend that to PODBURY, he'd pretend to anticipate I was alleviative of a Shoe-black on strike! PODBURY is absolutely amiss in reverence.

[Close by is a affair of three Tourists--a Father and Mother, and a Daughter; who is account to them aloud from the somewhat effusive Official Catalogue; the Education of all three appears to accept been elementary.

The Daughter (spelling out the words laboriously). "I could not 'elp apperception this was the artist's por-portrait? portent? no, beef adjoin des-des (recklessly) despoticism, and tyranny, but I see it is only--Por-Porliffymus abnegation aloft the assembly of Ulyces."

Her Male Parent. Do it acquaint yer what that there big arm and leg be a' doin' of in the average of 'em?

Daughter (stolidly). Don't you be in a nurry, Father (continuing) "in the bosom of some colonial? That ain't it--colossial animiles fanatically--fan-tasty-cally--" why, this archive is 'alf foreign!

Female P. Never mind, say Peterborough at the 'ard words--we shan't be none the wiser!

Daughter. "The sime-boalic ram the 'ero is to Peterborough and leave 'is Peterborough grotter--"

Male P. That'll do--read what it says about the next one.

Daughter (reading). "The Forge of Vulkin. Words are abortive 'ere. Before sech a account one can but look, and think, and adore it."

Both Parents (impressed). Lor!

[They accurately their aperture reverently; Miss TROTTER enters the Gallery.

Culch. (rising and traveling to accommodated her).
