
    SCENE--The Wiertz Museum at Brussels, a large and
    well-lighted gallery containing the works of the celebrated
    Belgian, which are reducing a limited number of spectators to
    the usual degree of stupefaction. Enter CULCHARD, who seats
    himself on a central ottoman.

Culchard (to himself). If PODBURY won't come down to breakfast at a decent hour, he can't complain
if I--I wonder if he heard Miss TROTTER say she was thinking of coming here this morning. Somehow,
I should like that girl to have a more correct comprehension of my character. I don't so much
mind her thinking me fastidious and exclusive. I daresay I am--but I do object to being made
out a hopeless melancholiac! (He looks round the walls.) So these are WIERTZ's masterpieces,
eh? h'm. Strenuous, vigorous,--a trifle crude, perhaps. Didn't he refuse all offers for his
pictures during his lifetime? Hardly think he could have been overwhelmed with applications
for the one opposite. (He regards an enormous canvas, representing a brawny and gigantic Achilles
perforating a brown Trojan with a small mast.) Not a dining-room picture. Still, I like his
independence--work up rather well in a sonnet. Let me see. (He takes out note-book and scribbles.)
"He scorned to ply his sombre brush for hire." Now if I read that to PODBURY, he'd pretend
to think I was treating of a Shoe-black on strike! PODBURY is utterly deficient in reverence.

    [Close by is a party of three Tourists--a Father and Mother,
    and a Daughter; who is reading to them aloud from the somewhat
    effusive Official Catalogue; the Education of all three
    appears to have been elementary.

The Daughter (spelling out the words laboriously). "I could not 'elp fancying this was the
artist's por-portrait? portent? no, protest against des-des (recklessly) despoticism, and tyranny,
but I see it is only--Por-Porliffymus fasting upon the companions of Ulyces."

Her Male Parent. Do it tell yer what that there big arm and leg be a' doin' of in the middle
of 'em?

Daughter (stolidly). Don't you be in a nurry, Father (continuing) "in the midst of some colonial?
That ain't it--colossial animiles fanatically--fan-tasty-cally--" why, this catalogue is 'alf
foreign!

Female P. Never mind, say Peterborough at the 'ard words--we shan't be none the wiser!

Daughter. "The sime-boalic ram the 'ero is to Peterborough and leave 'is Peterborough grotter--"

Male P. That'll do--read what it says about the next one.

Daughter (reading). "The Forge of Vulkin. Words are useless 'ere. Before sech a picture one
can but look, and think, and enjoy it."

Both Parents (impressed). Lor!

    [They smack their lips reverently; Miss TROTTER enters the
    Gallery.

Culch. (rising and going to meet her).
