As a true diplomat should, Cambon ate at the Russian embassy.

*******

From the Latin point of view, the visit by Miss Roosevelt to Cuba was pretty much a failure. It seems that while there, Miss Roosevelt simply didn't mingle well with the Cubans. She is without a doubt too Anglo-Saxon in nature and seems unable to adapt to the culture of another race. She could not form a bond with the children of Cuba, and to the women of Cuba Miss Roosevelt seemed lacking in the charms that they are so used to with each other. Although we here like her just fine, due to her inflexibility and lack of experience, she didn't not have the best reception in Cuba. Miss Roosevelt Scovel was recently seen eating at Sherry's where she was adorned in a beautiful white dress. She is not the most beautiful of women but her elegance makes up for her lack of striking beauty.

Brides are the ones who are expected to dress to the utmost. Why then do we find Mrs. Depew driving about Washington D.C. in a wretched automobile that most would be ashamed to be seen in. Is she being humble? What could she be thinking driving around in that old car? Although she is a rather undistinguished looking woman, she is pleasant and smart. She has a difficult position and she doesn't let it get her down. She shows no signs that she is effected negatively by the Senator's advanced age. Although just waiting for an opportunity to make fun of the couple, there has been nothing that she has done to cause this to happen.

We have Mr. Vanderbilt returning from a rather wretched spot on Fifth Avenue to his much more comfortable and gracious home where he can idle away the hours.

We have all read about the huge amounts of money, then thousand dollars at least, that the ambassador has spent on Brook House. We must allow though that neither Mr. nor Mrs. Reid have let this knowledge out about the vast sums being spent. They live simply and did not request such grand housing, and would have been quite happy in his own home. Fit as can be for this position, the elegance of the job itself would have been enough to garner respect. Why then do we have to go beyond this, spending such a fortune and having it told to the masses will only hurt him.
