"Look, men, he shouted," Bird of Ra killed thief errant waters And so I hit the big spoilers .. "

Then he took counsel with the Masters, some reliable and men were sent to the camp of the barbarians. And they were accused of giving a report ill host of Pharaoh, and say that so that he was expected to debut barbarian on the hill behind the house after the move.

Then called Wanderer Masters archers, and took all their force hiding among rocks and thorns on each side of the mountain passes, and not wait until he drew the hosts of the enemy pass. Archers and spearmen sent some, but he hid under the shelter of the hill on the side of the pass.

Now, the ambush was set, and all went just save horsemen's spies came and said that the barbarian host left their camp, but the Achaeans marched not, but off the river to guard the camp and ships. Then he took the riders pass Wanderer walk and stand in the plain beyond, and there await the enemy. But when the barbarian hosts pay, they must roll before tax and a long fly upside down as it passes in fear. And he would lead the flight in his chariot, and where there would be led to follow.

So, go horseback riding through the form squadrons and their plain beyond. Now the enemy drew near, and was a wonderful sight to see the sun sparkling on their spears into countless lunch. The riders were not many, but there were many chariots and swordsmen, and spearmen, slingers and beyond count. Came to the nation, and the center of each nation host nation SAT king in a chariot of glory, with girls and eunuchs, who have fans to fan him and silk blinds to hide the sun.

Now, Wanderer hung back behind squadrons of cavalry, as in fear. But now, he sent messengers to collect bidding Masters squadrons first nation and fight for a while, but weak, and then turn the saw horses and gallop through the pass, to follow him as if in doubt, but in a manner such as to draw the enemy on their heels.

This mercenary commanders did. Once they were beaten and charged back, then they pay again, but people did as they feared the onset. Now the enemy came hard after them, and Wanderer turned his chariot and fled through the pass, followed by slower riders. And when the barbarians saw the hosts themselves have set up a clamor of laughter, asking rent, and charged after them.
