"Look, men," he cried; "the Bird of Ra has slain the wandering thief from the waters. And so
shall ye smite the spoilers from the sea."

Then he held counsel with Captains, and certain trusty men were sent out to the camp of the
barbarians. And they were charged to give an ill report of the host of Pharaoh, and to say
that such of it as remained awaited the barbarian onset behind the shelter of the hill on the
further side of the pass.

Then the Wanderer summoned the Captains of the archers, and bade them hide all their force
among the rocks and thorns on either side of the mountain pass, and there to wait till he drew
the hosts of the foe into the pass. And with the archers he sent a part of the spearmen, but
the chariots he hid beneath the shelter of the hill on the hither side of the pass.

Now, when the ambush was set, and all were gone save the horsemen only, his spies came in and
told him that the host of the barbarians marched from their camp, but that the Achæans marched
not, but stopped by the river to guard the camp and ships. Then the Wanderer bade the horsemen
ride through the pass and stand in the plain beyond, and there await the foe. But when the
hosts of the barbarians charged them, they must reel before the charge, and at length fly headlong
down the pass as though in fear. And he himself would lead the flight in his chariot, and where
he led there they should follow.

So the horsemen rode through the pass and formed their squadrons on the plain beyond. Now the
foe drew nigh, and a glorious sight it was to see the midday sun sparkling on their countless
spears. Of horsemen they had no great number, but there were many chariots and swordsmen, and
spearmen, and slingers beyond count. They came on by nations, and in the centre of the host
of each nation sat the king of the nation in a glorious chariot, with girls and eunuchs, holding
fans to fan him with and awnings of silk to hide him from the sun.

Now the Wanderer hung back behind the squadrons of horsemen as though in fear. But presently
he sent messengers bidding the Captains of the squadrons to charge the first nation, and fight
for a while but feebly, and then when they saw him turn his horses and gallop through the pass,
to follow after him as though in doubt, but in such fashion as to draw the foe upon their heels.

This the Captains of the mercenaries did. Once they charged and were beaten back, then they
charged again, but the men made as though they feared the onset. Now the foe came hard after
them, and the Wanderer turned his chariot and fled through the pass, followed slowly by the
horsemen. And when the hosts of the barbarians saw them turn, they set up a mighty shout of
laughter that rent the skies, and charged after them.
