"Look, man," he exclaimed, "the bird of Ra has killed the thief wandering waters. And so you have to punish the saboteurs of the sea."

Then he took counsel with the captains, and some trusted men were sent to the camp of the barbarians. And they were accused of giving a bad report of the army of Pharaoh, and say that it is kept waiting for the great start away from the hill across the step.

Then the Wanderer summoned the captains of the archers, and ordered them to hide all his strength among the rocks and thorns on both sides of the mountain pass, and wait until he called the hosts of the enemy at the pass. And with the archers, sent a part of the Lancers, but the cars crept into the shelter of the hill on this side of the card.

Now, when the ambush was set, and all were gone save the horse only, their spies came and said that the army of the barbarians marched from their camp, but the Achaeans marched, but stopped beside the river protect the camps and ships. Then the Wanderer ordered the horse ride over and stand in the plain, and not wait for the enemy. But when the hosts of the barbarians commanded, must reel before loading, and finally flying upside down, as if the passage in fear. And he himself would lead the flight in your car, and where there should be further addressed.

So the riders rode through the passage and formed their armies on the plain. Now the enemy was approaching, and a glorious sight it was to see the sparkling midday sun in their innumerable spears. Of riders did not have great numbers, but there were many cars and swordsmen, spearmen and, beyond counting and slingers. Reached by the nations, and the host of each nation the king sat in the nation in a glorious chariot, with girls and eunuchs, fans holding fan with him and silk canopies to hide the sun .

Now the Wanderer hung behind squads of horsemen, as if in fear. But today, he sent messengers bidding the captains of the squadrons to charge the first nation and fight for a while, but weakly, and then, when they saw him turn his horse and galloped across the way, to follow after him as if in doubt, but in such a way as to draw the enemy on his heels.

The mercenary captains did. Once loaded and were rejected, then returned to the charge, but the men made as if they feared the start. Now the enemy came hard after them, and the Wanderer returned to his car and fled through the pass, gradually followed by the horsemen. And when the hosts of the barbarians were in turn created a mighty shout of laughter that rent the heavens, and charged after them.
