I am constantly astonished by the earths capacity to take the sleepiest summers day, the balmiest wind, the apparent quietest moment -  and to suddenly catch it up, rend it asunder and fling it aside with all the carelessness  and  casual cruelty of a cat toying with a mouse.

I speak, of course, of the power and might of the electrical storm, slumbering one minute, crackling destructively through the sky in the next instant.

The earths energies distilled in purest form,the nearest we will see of the vitality that created life from matter and gave it it form.

Poets of old find strange allies in modern science, both in awe and admiration of the phenomenon  found not only on  earth, but throughout the known universe. Human life, human nerves are allied to this force in some as yet mysterious fashion, as we seem to be in the thrall of the moon. Whilst the rationality of scientific thought may one day find conclusive answers, humans know instinctively to fear and respect this great natural force.

II
We live  our lives surrounded by mostly invisible forces that shape our natural world - whilst sometimes in harmony with us, we are all too often in conflict with Mother Earth and her forces. We try as a species to harness and to be the Master of nature, but events prove that she can overcome us with a single swipe should she wish. The chemical elements that surround humanity, can also overpower, the tsunamis, earthquakes, tornados, volcanic eruptions - we must bow down towards the might of nature.

 It is this very nature, the chemical and mechanical elements that make up our bodies -  and make them live - the air that we breathe, the food we ingest, the chemical reactions in our bodies and brains, that make us as one with the planet and all that exists within in it, not separate entities living shallowly on its surface, taking what we can with no redress given. The earth has its ways of  showing our species that, despite what we arrogantly would like to think, we may not be the mightiest force on Planet Earth.

It is only when what man terms a 'natural disaster' takes place, that we realize that, sometimes, nature could overwhelm even us.
