The old form of return contained merely a statement of the liabilities and assets of
the bank, but in the new form the balance-sheets of the Issue Department and the Banking Department
are shown separately. A copy of the weekly return in both the old and new forms will be found
in A History of the Bank of England, p. 290, by A. Andréadès (Eng. trans., 1909); see also
R. H. I. Palgrave, Bank Rate and the Money Market, p. 297.

One result of the division of the accounts of the bank into two departments is that, if through
any circumstance the Bank of England be called on for a larger sum in notes or specie than
the notes held in its banking department (technically spoken of as the "Reserve") amount to,
permission has to be obtained from the government to "suspend the Bank Act" in order to allow
the demand to be met, whatever the amount of specie in the "issue department" may be. Three
times since the passing of the Bank Act--during the crises of 1847, 1857 and 1866--authority
has been given for the suspension of that act. On one of these dates only, in 1857, the limits
of the act were exceeded; on the other two occasions the fact that the permission had been
given stayed the alarm. It should be remembered, whenever the act of 1844 is criticized, that
since it came into force there has been no anxiety as to payment in specie of the note circulation;
but the division of the specie held into two parts is an arrangement not without disadvantages.
[Sidenote: Bank rate.] Certainly since the act of 1844 became law, the liability to constant
fluctuations in the Bank's rate of discount--one main characteristic of the English money market--has
greatly increased. To charge the responsibility of the increase in the number of those fluctuations
on the Bank Act alone would not be justifiable, but the working of the act appears to have
an influence in that direction, as the effect of the act is to cut the specie reserve held
by the bank into two parts and to cause the smaller of these parts to receive the whole strain
of any demands either for notes or for specie. Meanwhile the demands on the English money market
are greater and more continuous than those on any other money market in the world. Of late
years the changes in the bank rate have been frequent, and the fluctuations even in ordinary
years very severe. From the day when the act came into operation in 1844, to the close of the
year 1906, there had been more than 400 changes in the rate. The hopes which Sir Robert Peel
expressed in 1844, that after the act came into force commercial crises would cease, have not
been realized.

The number of changes in the bank rate from 1876[3] to 1906 in England, France, Germany, Holland
and Belgium were as follows:--

  England.
