IfThe old  model  of return contained merely a  pronouncement  of the  debts  and  resources  of the bank, but in the  fresh   model  the balance-sheets of the Issue Department and the Banking Department are shown separately. A  photocopy  of the weekly return in both the old and  fresh   models   shall  be found in A History of the Bank of England, p. 290,  via  A. Andréadès (Eng. trans., 1909);  perceive  also R. H. I. Palgrave, Bank Rate and the Money Market, p. 297. 
            One  effect  of the division of the  bills  of the bank into  pair  departments is that,  whether  through any circumstance the Bank of England be  paged  on for a  bigger  sum in  letters  or specie than the  letters  held in its banking department (technically spoken of as the "Reserve")  quantity  to,  consent  has to be  received  from the  federal  to "suspend the Bank Act" in  command  to  permit  the  request  to be  welcomed,  whatever the  quantity  of specie in the "issue department" may be. Three times since the  exceeding  of the Bank Act--during the  emergencies  of 1847, 1857 and 1866--authority has been given for the suspension of that act. On one of these dates  merely,  in 1857, the  restrictions  of the  behave  were exceeded; on the other  pair  occasions the  observation  that the  consent  had been given  remained  the alarm. It  must  be remembered, whenever the  behave  of 1844 is criticized, that since it came into  coerce  there has been no  concern  as to payment in specie of the  letter  circulation; but the division of the specie held into  pair   branches  is an arrangement not without disadvantages. [Sidenote: Bank rate.] Certainly since the  behave  of 1844 became law, the  debt  to constant fluctuations in the Bank's rate of discount--one main  distinctive  of the English  cash  market--has greatly increased. To  commission  the  accountability  of the  boost  in the  figure  of those fluctuations on the Bank Act alone would not be justifiable, but the  laboring  of the  behave   emerges  to have an  impact  in that  instruction,  as the  impression  of the  behave  is to cut the specie  park  held  via  the bank into  pair   branches  and to  activate  the  lower  of these  branches  to receive the  entire  strain of any  mandates  either for  letters  or for specie. Meanwhile the  mandates  on the English  cash  market are greater and more continuous than those on any other  cash  market in the world. Of late years the  adjustments  in the bank rate have been frequent, and the fluctuations even in ordinary years very severe. From the day  as  shortly  as  the  behave  came into  mission  in 1844, to the  plug  of the year 1906, there had been more than 400  adjustments  in the rate. The hopes which Sir Robert Peel  conveyed  in 1844, that  afterwards  the  behave  came into  coerce  commercial  emergencies  would  discontinue,  have not been realized. 
    The  figure  of  adjustments  in the bank rate from 1876[3] to 1906 in England, France, Germany, Holland and Belgium were as follows:--

England.
