Why, it appears to me you cannot do it. You are the most
unfit man possible. Whosever duty it may be, it does not seem to me to be yours. You already
have more on your shoulders than you can carry; you are hardly able to keep your ground now,
with all the odium of this new theology upon you. Such an effort would break up your church,--destroy
the chance you have to do good here,--prevent the publication of your system."

"If it's nobody's system but mine, the world won't lose much, if it never be published; but
if it be God's system, nothing can hinder its appearing. Besides, Mr. Brown, I ought not to
be one man alone. I count on your help. I hold it as a special providence, Mr. Brown, that
in our own church an opportunity will be given to testify to the reality of disinterested benevolence.
How glorious the opportunity for a man to come out and testify by sacrificing his worldly living
and business! If you, Mr. Brown, will at once, at whatever sacrifice, quit all connection with
this detestable and diabolical slave-trade, you will exhibit a spectacle over which angels
will rejoice, and which will strengthen and encourage me to preach and write and testify."

Mr. Simeon Brown's usual demeanor was that of the most leathery imperturbability. In calm theological
reasoning, he could demonstrate, in the dryest tone, that, if the eternal torment of six bodies
and souls were absolutely the necessary means for preserving the eternal blessedness of thirty-six,
benevolence would require us to rejoice in it, not in itself considered, but in view of greater
good. And when he spoke, not a nerve quivered; the great mysterious sorrow with which the creation
groaneth and travaileth, the sorrow from which angels veil their faces, never had touched one
vibrating chord either of body or soul; and he laid down the obligations of man to unconditional
submission in a style which would have affected a person of delicate sensibility much like
being mentally sawn in sunder. Benevolence, when Simeon Brown spoke of it, seemed the grimmest
and unloveliest of Gorgons; for his mind seemed to resemble those fountains which petrify everything
that falls into them. But the hardest-shelled animals have a vital and sensitive part, though
only so large as the point of a needle; and the Doctor's innocent proposition to Simeon, to
abandon his whole worldly estate for his principles, touched this spot.

When benevolence required but the acquiescence in certain possible things which might be supposed
to happen to his soul, which, after all, he was comfortably certain never would happen, or
the acquiescence in certain supposititious sacrifices for the good of that most intangible
of all abstractions, Being in general, it was a dry, calm subject.
