Mr. Simeon Brown was convinced that I was not fit to be the man to take up this responsibility because I was already burdened with so many duties and find it difficult to keep up with them, particularly under the burden of this new theology. He felt that if I took on more it will certainly end up in breaking up my church, destroy any chances I might have to do some good. It will also block the publication of my system.

The Doctor had to tell him that if it was just ‘his’ system the world will not be the loser if it was never published. If, on the other hand, it was God’s system, nothing could stop its publication. He also told him that he will not be working on my own. He will depend on Mr. Brown’s help to keep him going. For him it seemed truly providential that the church had a great opportunity to witness just how wonderful benevolence without any ulterior or selfish motives could be. It would be simply marvelous for a man to give up his worldly goods and forsake his business and testify to the goodness of God above. He urged Mr. Brown to give up his business of slave trade immediately. He told him that if he did so there will be great rejoicings in heaven and he will get all the strength and courage needed to preach and serve in the church.

Generally, Mr. Brown is a man who is not easily moved to emotional expressions. He can expound in a dry and matter of fact manner any theological concept. He would say that it could be matter of rejoicing if six souls had to be condemned to eternal torment for the saving of thirty six, and that the sacrifice of the six for the benefit of the other thirty six could be a matter for rejoicing. Benevolence is not meritorious in itself unless it brings a great deal of good for a great many. He would say all this without any emotion. His assertion that man must submit unconditionally would be very painful for a sensitive person to hear. For Mr. Brown benevolence was not something that was beautiful. His attitude towards this was so cold any one who ventured to examine it will be shocked by his insensitivity. But then, however hard hearted a being one might be there is always a tiny opening. Perhaps it is no bigger than the point of a needle but it is there. And the Doctor touched this spot when he suggested that Mr. Simeon Brown give up his worldly business of slave-trade.
