Very often because of a want of
mutual forbearance.  It takes some little time really to know one another, and unless there
is a spirit of mutual forbearance the little differences will become great quarrels.  The husband
is to rule, but he is not to be a tyrant.  The wife is not bound to give a blind obedience
to all his commands, and the husband is bound to respect his wife's wishes.  It ought to be
a rule that in matters of importance, where either feels it to be a question of duty, that
if they cannot agree neither should endeavour to force the other to act against their conscience.

My first piece of practical advice to husbands would be to have a proper understanding about
money matters, and to be liberal therein.  Give your wife a regular sum per week, and let it
be clearly arranged what expenses she is responsible for.

Secondly, do not have any friends that you cannot or do not care to bring to your home, and
let no one come between you and your wife, or draw you away to enjoy yourself apart from her.

Thirdly, do your church-going together as far as you can, and when that is impossible arrange
one with the other, so that each may be able to go at some time every Sunday.  Above all keep
one another up to your regular Communions, for there is little blessing on the married union
that is not blessed with a higher communion.

Fourthly.  When you have children train them yourself, specially the boys, who will gain far
more good from father than from anyone else.  It is too much the custom to leave all the religious
training to mother or to school.  Take your children to Church with you instead of seeing that
they are sent.  Come is a much better word of instruction than go.

A few words in conclusion as to the general duties of a man, be he married or single.  You
have no right to shirk your duties as a man to your home, as a Christian to your Church, or
as a citizen to your country.  The support and training of your family is your first duty,
and nothing may rightly come in the way of that, but the fulfilling of that need not prevent
your carrying out your other duties.  You are a Christian, you receive spiritual benefits from
your connection with the Church, you are bound then to make some return.  Your prayers, your
alms, and your active work, according to your means and opportunities, ought to be available
for the work of the Church.  There ought not to be any drones in the Church's hive, but each
member should bear his share of the burdens, as well as partake of the blessings.  There is
work for everyone that is ready to help.

You have still your duty to your country.  Your own personal influence may not be great, but
you are nevertheless bound to use it on the side which you believe to be right.
