The burghers stood erect and fired on the
retreating foe as though they were so much game. So quickly did the waggons and guns wheel
round that many were overturned. To remove them was impossible. In vain did the English try
to save the guns. They succeeded, however, in getting two to the station house, where they
had rallied. With these they bombarded us for some time; but owing to our sheltered positions
only two men were wounded.

The Boer forces on the east of the Modder River had in the meanwhile been doing their best
to come to the assistance of General De Wet. But their progress was much retarded by the uneven
veldt and dongas through which they had to ride. After three hours, spent in fruitless attempts,
they forded the river, attacked the enemy with great energy, and succeeded in putting them
to flight, and this brought the battle to an end.

We made 480 captives. What their losses in wounded and killed were is difficult to estimate.
In the evening, when all was over, we went to the house where the wounded were gathered, and
there counted in one room alone 96 cases. Their own report made their losses 350 dead and wounded.
Besides, 7 guns and 117 waggons fell into our hands. Our loss consisted in 3 killed and 5 wounded.

On looking at the bodies of the dead and listening to the groanings of the wounded, one was
forced to say what a pity that the trap was discovered, that one brave man, through his very
bravery, prevented the bloodless capture of his column and his general.

MOSTERT'S HOEK.

The victory at Sanna's Post was soon followed up by another success over the British arms.
On the evening of the eventful day at the Waterworks De Wet handed the command over to Generals
A. Cronje and Piet De Wet, and, having taken three of his staff, he went in the direction of
Dewetsdorp on a reconnoitring expedition.

The following day he learnt that a party of the enemy had occupied Dewetsdorp. On receiving
the report his mind was made up: these too must be captured. He was then thirty miles away
from the commandoes, but instantly despatched a report to us to come post-haste so as to attack
the enemy at Dewetsdorp or intercept them, should they try to join the main body, which was
advancing under Gatacre on Reddersburg.

In the meanwhile the burghers of that district, who had gone to their farms on the fall of
Bloemfontein, were commandeered. With these, some 120, who were almost all unarmed, De Wet
started for Dewetsdorp to watch the movements of the British.

Early on the 2nd of April the enemy left Dewetsdorp, and resumed their march to Reddersburg.
While marching De Wet kept them all the while under surveillance. He was moving on one of their
flanks, parallel to them with an intervening distance of six miles.
