The burghers stood erect and discharged on the withdrawing foe as though they were so much game. So rapidly did the waggons and cannons wheel around that numerous were overturned. To eliminate them was impossible. In vain did the English trial to save the guns. They did well, although, in getting two to the position dwelling, where they had rallied. With these they bombarded us for some time; but be obliged to our protected places only two men were wounded. 

The Boer pushes onto the east of the Modder River had within the meanwhile been doing their greatest towards arrive towards the assistance of General De Wet. But their move was much retarded via the uneven veldt and dongas across which they had towards ride. After three hours, spent within fruitless tackles, they forded the river, attacked the enemy with great energy, and succeeded within putting them towards flight, and this carried the battle towards an end. 
    We made 480 captives. What their deficiency in hurt and slain were is tough to estimate. In the night, when all was over, we went to the dwelling where the hurt were accumulated, and there counted in one room solely 96 cases. Their own report made their deficiency 350 dead and wounded. Besides, 7 cannons and 117 waggons dropped into our hands. Our decrease comprised in 3 slain and 5 wounded. 
       
   On looking at the bodies of the dead and perceiving to the groanings of the injured, one was impelled to declare what a sympathise with that the snare was divulged, that one very gallant man, through his very bravery, averted the bloodless ensnare of his post and his general. 

MOSTERT'S HOEK. 
    The triumph at Sanna's Post was shortly pursued up by another achievement over the British arms. On the night of the eventful day at the Waterworks De Wet presented the order over to Generals A. Cronje and Piet De Wet, and, having taken three of his employees, he went in the main heading of Dewetsdorp on a reconnoitring expedition. 
     The next day he discovered that a party of the foe had used by Dewetsdorp. On obtaining the report his brain was made up: these too should be captured. He was then 30 miles away from the commandoes, but instantly despatched a report to us to arrive post-haste so as to strike the foe at Dewetsdorp or intercept them, should they trial to connect the major body, which was accelerating under Gatacre on Reddersburg. 

In the meantime the burghers of that locality, who had gone to their ranches on the drop of Bloemfontein, were commandeered. With these, some 120, who were nearly all unarmed, De Wet begun for Dewetsdorp to watch the movements of the British. 

Early on the 2nd of April the foe left Dewetsdorp, and restarted their stride to Reddersburg. While marching De Wet kept them all the while under surveillance. He was going on one of their flanks, aligned to them with an intervening expanse of six miles.
