When one of these
forest Elms is left by the woodman, and is seen standing alone in the clearing, it presents
to our sight one of the most graceful and beautiful of all arborescent forms.

The rows of Willows, so frequent by the way-side where the road passes over a wet meadow, afford
the most common examples of the pollard forms. Some of these willows, having escaped the periodical
trimming of the woodcutter, have become noble standards, emulating the Oak in the sturdy grandeur
of their giant arms extending over the road. Most of them, however, from the repeated cropping
which they have suffered, exhibit a round head of long, slender branches, growing out of the
extremity of the beheaded trunk.

My remarks thus far relate to trees considered as individual objects; but I must not tire the
patience of the reader by extending them farther, though there are many other relations in
which they may be treated. In whatever light we regard them, they will be found to deserve
attention as the fairest ornaments of Nature, and as objects that should be held sacred from
their importance to our welfare and happiness. The more we study them, the more desirous are
we of their preservation, and the more convinced of the necessity of using some active means
to effect this purpose. He takes but a narrow view of their importance who considers only their
value in the economy of animal and vegetable life. The painter has always made them a particular
branch of his study; and the poet understands their advantage in increasing the effect of his
descriptions, and believes them to be the blessed gifts of Providence to render the earth a
beautiful abode and sanctify it to our affections. The heavenly bodies affect the soul with
a deeper sense of creative power; but trees, like flowers, serve to draw us more closely to
the bosom of Nature, by exemplifying the beauties of her handiwork, and the wonders of that
Wisdom that operates unseen, and becomes, in our search for it, a source of perpetual delight.

VICTOR AND JACQUELINE.

[Concluded.]

VII.

The three days passed away. And every hour's progress was marked as it passed over the citizens
of Meaux. Leclerc, and the doctrines for which he suffered, filled the people's thought; he
was their theme of speech. Wonder softened into pity; unbelief was goaded by his stripes to
cruelty; faith became transfigured, while he, followed by the hooting crowd, endured the penalty
of faith. Some men looked on with awe that would become adoring; some with surprise that would
take refuge in study and conviction. There were tears as well as exultation, solemn joy as
well as execration, in his train. The mother of Leclerc followed him with her undaunted testimony,
"Blessed be Jesus Christ and His Witnesses!"
