When one of these elm forests left by the woodsman, and is seen standing alone in the clearing, is presented to our view one of the most elegant and beautiful of all tree shapes.

The rows of willows, so common indeed on the side where the road passes over a wet meadow, offering the most common examples of the ways Pollard. Some of these willows, having escaped the woodsman cut newspaper, have become noble standards, emulating the Oak in the greatness of his strong arm extends giant on the road. Most of them, however, since the crop that have suffered repeated, have a round head, long, thin branches that grow off the tip of the decapitated stem.

My comments relate to the trees so far considered as individual objects, but do not exhaust the reader's patience by extending them further, but there are many other relationships that can be treated. In any light to them, we found that deserve attention as the fairest ornaments of nature, and the items they should be held sacred for its importance to our welfare and happiness. The more we study, the more we look forward to their conservation, and the more convinced of the necessity of using some active means to effect this purpose. He has a narrow view, but its importance, which only takes into account the economic value of plant and animal life. The painter has always made them a particular branch of study, and the poet understands his advantage in increasing the impact of its descriptions, and believed to be the gifts of Providence blessed the earth to make a beautiful residence and sanctify our affections. The heavenly bodies affect the soul with a deeper sense of creative power, but the trees, like flowers, are used to get closer to the bosom of nature, which represent the beauty of his work, and the wonders of this wisdom that does not see, and becomes, in our search for him, a perpetual source of joy.

Victor and Jacqueline.

[Completed].

VII.

The three days passed. And the progress of each hour was marked by passing by the citizens of Meaux. Leclerc, and the doctrines he suffered, fills the people's thinking, was his theme of discourse. Wonder softened in pity; disbelief was prompted by his wounds to cruelty, faith transfigured, as he, followed by the howling crowd endured the pain of faith. Some men looked with amazement that worship would become, some took refuge with surprise that the study and conviction. There were tears and joy, the solemn joy and execration, in its train. The mother of Leclerc followed with his fearless testimony, "Blessed be the Lord Jesus Christ and his witnesses!"
