Not many old tombs are left in this sanctuary, since so many were torn down and crushed by Cromwell's men.  You can still see the brazen eagle; the table located in the middle of the choir where each day the Bible passages were shared with the people; an age-old rock located on  the east side of the structure, which was commonly thought to honor the eighty-four monks who were killed by the Danes in 870; (31), as well as a portrait of old Scarlet, who lived to be almost a hundred years old before passing away in 1594.  These are the items still standing which you would most likely want to view.

When you approach the cathedral, come in the west door, then make a left turn, and you will see a rendering of two of the most famous women in history, whose bodies lie inside:  Catherine of Aragon, whose life ended in 1536 in Kimbolton Castle, and Mary, Queen of Scots, who joined Catherine here fifty-one years later after she was beheaded.  There is an engraving alongside the portrait, which portrays the old sexton, attired with his shovel, ax, and more symbolic items relating to his office.

Turn to the south-west area of the narthex and you will discover an extremely old font, or fountain, which was built of local marble from the Alwalton quarries.  The bowl itself sat in the bottom of an ancient Norman pillar, over in a prebendal terrace, where it became a repository for colorful blossoms.  However, it was later moved to a new location:  the chapterhouse, by the then dean of Peterborough, Dr. Monk.  The renowned carving was moved once again to its present location which was made of Purbeck marble by Mr. Gresley of Oxford.  It enjoys wide acclaim as an excellent example of high quality craftmanship.

Now walk down the south path of the choir, and you will see on the wall above you a small marble slab presented in memory of the Rev. Dr. William Parker, who passed away October 3, 1730.

A loose translation of the plaque says,

"This grave contains three abbots:  John, Martin, and Andrew.  We have now buried them, and for those who have died, we offer our prayers."

Situated directly over this plaque is another, smaller one dedicated to the wife of the Rev. Payne Edmunds, whose name was Mary.

Adjacent to this slab is a marble stone honoring Robert Pemberton, a magistrate of the town and also servant to the Rev. the Dean and Chapter.  He passed away at the age of 75, in 1695.

Close by, no longer located in the chapter-house which was originated by King Peada, you will find the stone likenesses of three additional abbots.  We do not know their identities.

Also found next to these is an image of Abbot Alexander.  Workers laying the groundwork for the new choir in 1830 discovered his body there, including his boots and ceremonial staff.  This tale is related on page 15 of this article.

Directly opposing this image is a solid black marble stone which was the original location for Mary, Queen of Scots after she passed away.  Twenty-five years later, her body was disinterred and moved to Westminster Abbey as directed by her son, who was King James I.
