There are very few ancient monuments remaing in this   cathedral, the greater portion having been destroyed by Cromwell's soldiers. A brazen eagle, or lectern, in the centre aisle of the choir, from which the daily lessons are read; an ancient stone at the east end of the building, till lately supposed to be commemorative of the murder of eighty-four monks by the Danes, in 870;[31] and a picture of old Scarlet, who died in 1594, aged 98, are the principal objects of interest.

Turning to the left, as you enter the west door of the cathedral, hangs the portrait of this celebrated character, who buried within the walls of the cathedral, Catherine of Arragon, who died at Kimbolton Castle, in 1536; and Mary Queen of Scots, who was executed at Fotheringhay Castle fifty-one years afterwards. The accompanying engraving is a representation of the old sexton, with his spade, pickaxe, and other emblems of office.

In the south-west or opposite corner of the nave, is an ancient font, originally composed of native marble, obtained from the quarries at Alwalton. [32] The basin of this font was, for many years, in one of the prebendal gardens, wehre it was placed upon the base of an old  Norman pillar, and used for holding flowers, but was removed by Dr. Monk, when dean of Peterborough, to the chapterhouse. The celebrated statuary, Mr. Gresley, of Oxford, put it upon its present pediments, which are composed of Purbeck marble, and it was then placed where it nw stands. It is considered a very fine piece of workmanship.

As you enter the south aisle of the choir, upon the wall is a neat marble tablet to the Rev. Dr. William Parker, who died October 3rd, 1730.

The following is a free translation of the above:--

"These three abbots, of whom the first is abbot John, The other Martin, the last Andrew, This one tomb shuts up [incloses]; therefore for those shut up, let us pray."

Above this is a small tablet to the memory of Mary, the wife of the Rev. Payne Edmunds.

Next, is a marble tablet ot Robert Pemberton, who was a magistrate of this city, and steward tothe Rev. the Dean and Chapter. He died in 1695, in the 75th year of his age.

Near these, removed from the old chapter-house, founded by king Peada, are the statues of three other abbots, whose names are unknown.

Adjoining, is an effigy of Abbot Alexander, whose body, with his boots and crosier, were found by some workmen when making a foundation for the new choir in 1830, as related at page 15 of this work.

Opposite to this, is a black marble slab, beneath which the body of Mary, Queen of Scots, was at first deposited, and remained for twenty-five years, when it was disinterred and removed to Westminster Abbey, by order of her son, king James the 1st.
