
When men saw in dreams their dead relatives or friends, they had to seek what had appeared
to them. It was not the body which had been consumed on a funeral pyre, or swallowed up in
the sea and eaten by the fishes. It was, however, something, so they maintained; for they had
seen it; the dead man had spoken; the dreamer had questioned him. Was it +psychê+, was it +pneuma+,
was it +nous+, with whom one had conversed in the dream? One imagined a phantom, an airy figure:
it was +skia+, it was +daimôn+, a ghost from the shades, a little soul of air and fire, very
unrestricted, which wandered I know not where.

Eventually, when one wanted to sift the matter, it became a constant that this soul was corporeal;
and the whole of antiquity never had any other idea. At last came Plato who so subtilized this
soul that it was doubtful if he did not separate it entirely from matter; but that was a problem
that was never solved until faith came to enlighten us.

In vain do the materialists quote some of the fathers of the Church who did not express themselves
with precision. St. Irenæus says (liv. v. chaps. vi and vii) that the soul is only the breath
of life, that it is incorporeal only by comparison with the mortal body, and that it preserves
the form of man so that it may be recognized.

In vain does Tertullian express himself like this--"The corporeality of the soul shines bright
in the Gospel." (Corporalitas animæ in ipso Evangelio relucescit, DE ANIMA, cap. vii.) For
if the soul did not have a body, the image of the soul would not have the image of the body.

In vain does he record the vision of a holy woman who had seen a very shining soul, of the
colour of air.

In vain does Tatien say expressly (Oratio ad Græcos, c. xxiii.)--"The soul of man is composed
of many parts."

In vain is St. Hilarius quoted as saying in later times (St. Hilarius on St. Matthew)--"There
is nothing created which is not corporeal, either in heaven, or on earth, or among the visible,
or among the invisible: everything is formed of elements; and souls, whether they inhabit a
body, or issue from it, have always a corporeal substance."

In vain does St. Ambrose, in the sixth century, say (On Abraham, liv. ii., ch. viii.)--"We
recognize nothing but the material, except the venerable Trinity alone."

The body of the entire Church has decided that the soul is immaterial. These saints fell into
an error at that time universal; they were men; but they were not mistaken over immortality,
because that is clearly announced in the Gospels.

We have so evident a need of the decision of the infallible Church on these points of philosophy,
that we have not indeed by ourselves any sufficient notion of what is called "pure spirit,"
and of what is named "matter."
