VIII. To Siva Aqama's responsibilities.

IX. To Sreechakram's responsibilities(as given in "Isis Unvieled is untrue that belongs to ancient adepts of Aryavarta).*
______* Really. Though anyone is allowed to give the true one?--Ed. Theos.-----

X. In Atharvena Veda, &c.
 Among the major types several subtypes have been replicated rapidly with new combinations of the preliminary powers in different amounts. Though the subject should be left for now, "Fragments of Occult Truth" is to be considered and continued(since embodied in "Esoteric Buddhism").

Its well invesigated and results are found(in the Buddhist doctrine) that are not so indifferent from Aryan Philosophy's inference, but there may be differences in the mode of arguments. Let me now discuss the question from my convenience with the comparisons and convenience of discussions are followed, the sequence of classification of the sevenfold entities or principles comprised of human is present in the "Fragments". The hot topics for discussions are (1) The spirits that left the human bodies, whether they exist in the spiritual rooms?  and (2)the activity happening are produced solely through their medium?

It is difficult to reply to the above questions reasonably until the explanations intended to be transferred by the expression "disembodied spirits of human beings" be accurately defined. The two words Spiritualism and spirit are misguiding. Paricularly spiritualists and English writers are not responsible in conveying the meaning of spirits , then, the confusion never ends, and the reality of these spiritualistic phenomena and their occurence can never be clearly stated. Christian writers speak  in paricular of the soul and the spirit. European philosophers generally talk of mind and body, and argue that soul or spirit is nothing but mind. They are the same as Lingasariram and are unphilosophical. These ideas are not certain and are according to unwarrented assumptions as to the probabilities of nature, and on an bad idea of laws. Let me now examine the spiritual organization of man, the various components of principles present in him, and prove if any one of those components invading into his composition can show on earth after he dies, and after that, the thing shows itself.
