What I can tell the author? If after you buy it - Amen! pay money, take your book, and fall to. Between us, honest reader, is not very strong drink, which provider offers this to you. It will not head much drinking problems. It was designed for this type of mulled wine that is offered at the Christmas party in which women and children may attend with refreshments and fun. Last year I tried a beer that was old, bitter, and powerful, and scarce any one would drink. This year we send around a tap softer, and is liked by customers: although the critics (who like strong beer, thieves!) Turn their nose. On behalf of the sky, Mr. Smith served in soft-drink round folks. Pray madam, dear, another glass, it is time for Christmas, will do you no harm. This is no longer intended to keep this type of drink. (Come, foam up, Mr. Publisher, and quickly go round) and! For gentlemen, we need to get a more powerful way for them some day.

Times gentleman (a very difficult to please Gent) is the strongest and noisiest of all, and made more hideous face over drinks offered to him than any other critic. There is no use evasion this statement! when a man was abused in the Times, he can not hide, no more than they could hide his knowledge has been committed to prison by Mr. Henry, or public CANEDA in Pall Mall. You see it in the eyes of friends when you meet. They know. They chuckled over it from a man. They whisper about that club, and look over the paper from you. My neighbor next door came to see me this morning, and saw on his bed that was the whole story. "Hem!" he says, "Well, I heard it, and actually they were talking about you at dinner last night, and noting that the Times had - ahem - "! entered into you."

"My good ----" I say M - M ---- will confirm, if necessary, the declaration made here -" here is the Times article, dated January 4, which provides so-so, and here is a letter from the editor, also dated January 4, which says: -

"My dear Sir, - Having sold the last day of the first edition copy (x thousand) Kickleburys abroad, and have orders for more, we had better do a second edition? And you allow me to attach an order by "& C & C?

Singular coincidence! And if every author who has been so abused by a critic had a similar note from an editor, my God! how easy we would take censorship critic!

"Yes, yes, you say," everything is very good for a writer to affect to be indifferent to the criticism of times you act like a boy at school has a flogging without shouting;. But arrogance and praise as you like. "
