What else can tell the author? If after that we charge, - amen! pay your money, take your book, and fall. Between us, reading, honest, is not very strong potation current provider gives you. Do not break your head, both in consumption. It was designed for this kind of bleeding that are offered during the Christmas holidays and that the ladies and children can participate with refreshment and joy. Last year I tried a beer that was old, bitter and strong, and almost no one could drink. This year we sent around a touch softer, and pleasing to the customer: if the critics (who like strong beer, rogues!) Turn their noses. For heaven's sake, Mr. Smith served, the drink to the gentle people. Mrs. Pray, dear, another glass, it's Christmas time, you will not hurt. It is not intended to maintain long, this type of beverage. (Come on, foam up, Mr. Editor, and move quickly around!) And as for the professional gentlemen, we have to get a species stronger for them one day.

Knight of The Times (a gentleman's very difficult, please) is the strongest and highest of all and made it more expensive terrible drinks on offer than any other critic. It is no use to circumvent this statement! when a husband has abused Times, I can not hide, more than I could hide the knowledge that had been sent to prison for Mr. Henry, or flogged in public in Pall Mall you see in the eyes of your friends when they meet you. They know it. They laughed about it for a man. They whisper about him at the club, and look beyond the paper on you. My neighbor came to me this morning and looked at his face that he had the full story pat. "Hm!" says: "Well, I've heard about it, and the truth is that they talked about you at dinner the night before, and states that the Times had - ahem - 'came in you."

"My good ---- MI - M ---- and confirm if it is necessary statement to make here -" Here's the Times article, dated 4th January as saying this and that and here is a letter from the editor, also dated 4th January which reads: -

"MY DEAR Sir - Following today sold the last copy of the first edition (x thousand) of" Kickleburys abroad, and that orders for more if we had better proceed with a second edition? And let me lock you ordered, "& c. & C.?

Singular coincidence! And if all the authors who were abused by one critic as there was a similar note from a publisher, my God! the ease with which we take the censorship of criticism!

"Yes, yes," says "it's fine for an author to affect to be indifferent to the criticism of the Times. Use it as a kid is knocked up in school and not screaming, but not arrogance, and boasting as if you like. "
