What more
can the author say? If after this you WILL buy,--amen! pay your money, take your book, and
fall to. Between ourselves, honest reader, it is no very strong potation which the present
purveyor offers to you. It will not trouble your head much in the drinking. It was intended
for that sort of negus which is offered at Christmas parties and of which ladies and children
may partake with refreshment and cheerfulness. Last year I tried a brew which was old, bitter,
and strong; and scarce any one would drink it. This year we send round a milder tap, and it
is liked by customers: though the critics (who like strong ale, the rogues!) turn up their
noses. In heaven's name, Mr. Smith, serve round the liquor to the gentle-folks. Pray, dear
madam, another glass; it is Christmas time, it will do you no harm. It is not intended to keep
long, this sort of drink. (Come, froth up, Mr. Publisher, and pass quickly round!) And as for
the professional gentlemen, we must get a stronger sort for THEM some day.

The Times' gentleman (a very difficult gent to please) is the loudest and noisiest of all,
and has made more hideous faces over the refreshment offered to him than any other critic.
There is no use shirking this statement! when a man has been abused in the Times, he can't
hide it, any more than he could hide the knowledge of his having been committed to prison by
Mr. Henry, or publicly caned in Pall Mall. You see it in your friends' eyes when they meet
you. They know it. They have chuckled over it to a man. They whisper about it at the club,
and look over the paper at you. My next-door neighbor came to see me this morning, and I saw
by his face that he had the whole story pat. "Hem!" says he, "well, I HAVE heard of it; and
the fact is, they were talking about you at dinner last night, and mentioning that the Times
had--ahem!--'walked into you.'"

"My good M----" I say--and M---- will corroborate, if need be, the statement I make here--"here
is the Times' article, dated January 4th, which states so and so, and here is a letter from
the publisher, likewise dated January 4th, and which says:--

"MY DEAR Sir,--Having this day sold the last copy of the first edition (of x thousand) of the
'Kickleburys Abroad,' and having orders for more, had we not better proceed to a second edition?
and will you permit me to enclose an order on," &c. &c.?

Singular coincidence! And if every author who was so abused by a critic had a similar note
from a publisher, good Lord! how easily would we take the critic's censure!

"Yes, yes," you say; "it is all very well for a writer to affect to be indifferent to a critique
from the Times. You bear it as a boy bears a flogging at school, without crying out; but don't
swagger and brag as if you liked it."
