Polozov was sitting rigid as an idol; he did not even turn his face in his direction, did not even move an eyebrow, did not utter a sound. It was truly a sublime spectacle! After having admired him for a couple of minutes, Sanin was on the point of speaking, of breaking this hallowed silence, a young and beautiful lady in a white silk dress trimmed with black lace, and with diamonds on her arms and neck--Maria Nikolaevna Polozov. Her thick fair hair fell on both sides of her head, but not fastened up into a knot.

XXXIV

'Ah, I beg your pardon!' she said with a smile half-embarrassed, instantly taking hold of one end of a plait of her hair and fastening on Sanin her grey, clear eyes.

'I did not think you had come yet.'

'Sanin, Dmitri Pavlovitch--known him from a boy, as before not turning towards him and not getting up, but pointing at him with one finger.

'Yes.... I know.... You told me before. Very glad to make your acquaintance.My maid seems to have lost her senses to-day ...'

'To do your hair up?'

'Yes, yes, please. I beg your pardon,' She nodded to Sanin, and turning swiftly, vanished through the doorway, leaving behind her a fleeting but graceful impression of a charming neck, exquisite shoulders, an exquisite figure.

Polozov got up, and rolling ponderously, went out by the same door.

Sanin did not doubt for a single second that his presence in 'Prince Polozov's' drawing-room was a fact perfectly well known to its mistress;her hair, which was certainly beautiful.Part of Madame Polozov; if, he thought, she is anxious to impress me, to dazzle me, perhaps, who knows, she will be accommodating about the price of the estate. His heart was so full of Gemma that all other women had absolutely no significance for him; went no further than thinking, 'Yes, it was the truth they told me; that lady's really magnificent to look at!'

But had he not been in such an exceptional state of mind he would most likely have expressed himself differentl.Traces of her plebeian origin were rather clearly apparent in her. Her forehead was low, she could boast neither of the delicacy of her skin nor of the elegance of her hands and feet.
