Polozov was sitting rigid as an idol; he did not even
turn his face in his direction, did not even move an eyebrow, did not utter a sound. It was
truly a sublime spectacle! After having admired him for a couple of minutes, Sanin was on the
point of speaking, of breaking this hallowed silence, when suddenly the door from the next
room was thrown open, and in the doorway appeared a young and beautiful lady in a white silk
dress trimmed with black lace, and with diamonds on her arms and neck--Maria Nikolaevna Polozov.
Her thick fair hair fell on both sides of her head, braided, but not fastened up into a knot.

XXXIV

'Ah, I beg your pardon!' she said with a smile half-embarrassed, half-ironical, instantly taking
hold of one end of a plait of her hair and fastening on Sanin her large, grey, clear eyes.

'I did not think you had come yet.'

'Sanin, Dmitri Pavlovitch--known him from a boy,' observed Polozov, as before not turning towards
him and not getting up, but pointing at him with one finger.

'Yes.... I know.... You told me before. Very glad to make your acquaintance. But I wanted to
ask you, Ippolit Sidorovitch.... My maid seems to have lost her senses to-day ...'

'To do your hair up?'

'Yes, yes, please. I beg your pardon,' Maria Nikolaevna repeated with the same smile. She nodded
to Sanin, and turning swiftly, vanished through the doorway, leaving behind her a fleeting
but graceful impression of a charming neck, exquisite shoulders, an exquisite figure.

Polozov got up, and rolling ponderously, went out by the same door.

Sanin did not doubt for a single second that his presence in 'Prince Polozov's' drawing-room
was a fact perfectly well known to its mistress; the whole point of her entry had been the
display of her hair, which was certainly beautiful. Sanin was inwardly delighted indeed at
this freak on the part of Madame Polozov; if, he thought, she is anxious to impress me, to
dazzle me, perhaps, who knows, she will be accommodating about the price of the estate. His
heart was so full of Gemma that all other women had absolutely no significance for him; he
hardly noticed them; and this time he went no further than thinking, 'Yes, it was the truth
they told me; that lady's really magnificent to look at!'

But had he not been in such an exceptional state of mind he would most likely have expressed
himself differently; Maria Nikolaevna Polozov, by birth Kolishkin, was a very striking personality.
And not that she was of a beauty to which no exception could be taken; traces of her plebeian
origin were rather clearly apparent in her. Her forehead was low, her nose rather fleshy and
turned up; she could boast neither of the delicacy of her skin nor of the elegance of her hands
and feet--but what did all that matter?
