I have made a reasonably priced aeration case which serves this purpose. It consist of a rectangular case of drawers. There are twenty-five drawers in all. They are constructed in an low-priced manner, and they are the only parts of the case that are value illustration. They are shallow, 1-7/8 inches deep, the principal outlay would be for the materials of the bottom of the drawers should be poised, it was decided to make the bottoms of cotton cloth. This cloth is stretched on the frame, which the dimensions are greater than the paper to be dried. The stock of the frame is made of pine, 1¼ inches wide, and three-eighths of an inch thick. The corners are simply mitered together and attached to each other by wire staples that are commonly used for fastening together pages of script, and are called "novelty staples." Eight staples are used at each miter, four above and four below the joint. The joint is quite firm and strong, and is likely to hold for an imprecise period with reasonable treatment. The cloth, stretched upon the frame, is fastened to it by means of similar staples. A strip of pine, 1-13/16 inches wide, and three eighths of an inch thick, forms the vertical front of the drawer, and prevents the access of much light from the front while the sheet is drying. Two triangular knee pieces, three-quarters of an inch thick, serve to connect the front board with the frame, and four small screws with a few brads are used in attaching them. The lower edge of the front board drops one-quarter of an inch below the bottom of the drawer. My case stands in a weakly lighted room, and the paper dried in this case and removed to a portfolio as soon as it is dry does not seem to be injured by the light that reaches it. With the case in a well lighted room, one should favor to have outer doors to the case, made of ordinary board six or eight inches wide, hinged to one end, and arranged to swing horizontally across the front of the case. These would completely prevent the admittance of light. The opening of any one of the doors would allow three or four of the drawers to be filled, while the rest of the case would be relatively dark at the same time.
