I have made an inexpensive drying case which serves the
purpose very well. It consists simply of a light-tight rectangular case of drawers. There are
twenty-five drawers in all. They are constructed in an inexpensive manner, and are the only
parts of the case that are worth describing. They are very shallow, being but 1-7/8 inches
deep, and as it appeared that the principal expense would be for the materials of which the
bottoms of the drawers should be composed, it was decided to make the bottoms of cotton cloth.
This cloth is stretched upon a frame, the dimensions of which are greater than that of the
paper to be dried. The stock of which the frame is made is pine, 1¼ inches wide, and three-eighths
of an inch thick. The corners are simply mitered together and attached to each other by means
of the wire staples that are commonly used for fastening together pages of manuscript, and
which are called "novelty staples." Eight staples are used at each miter, four above and four
below the joint. Two of the staples, at the top and near the ends of the joint, are set square
across it, and two others, at the top and near the middle of the joint, are placed diagonally
across it. The staples at the bottom are similarly placed. The joint is quite firm and strong,
and is likely to hold for an indefinite period with fair usage. The cloth, stretched upon the
frame, is fastened to it by means of similar staples. A dark colored cloth not transparent
to light is to be preferred. A strip of pine, 1-13/16 inches wide, and three eighths of an
inch thick, forms the vertical front of the drawer, and prevents the admission of much light
from the front while the sheet is drying. Two triangular knee pieces, three-quarters of an
inch thick, serve to connect the front board with the frame, and four small screws with a few
brads are used in attaching them. The lower edge of the front board drops one-quarter of an
inch below the bottom of the drawer. My case stands in a poorly lighted room, and paper dried
in this case and removed to a portfolio as soon as it is dry does not seem to be injured by
the light that reaches it. With the case in a well lighted room, I should prefer to have outer
doors to the case, made of ordinary board six or eight inches wide, hinged to one end, and
arranged to swing horizontally across the front of the case. These would more completely prevent
the admission of light. The opening of any one of the doors would allow three or four of the
drawers to be filled, while the rest of the case would be comparatively dark at the same time.[2]

    [Footnote 2: Since this paper was read, I have seen in the
    office of the City Engineer of Boston a drying case which is
    similar in some respects to the one that I have devised.
