What time of sadness and melancholy! Here in the midst of life, we realize the disappointments, losses, painful diseases and heartbreaking disappointments, hopes faded defeated and honors. Here are good reasons for filing of redeeming love. The God who loves us to sympathize with us in our problems? We stand behind each step in the life of great personal and national calamities. No time can be free from the fear that what we value most about the land can be taken in the morning.

Trees and flowers grow to full height, fill your measure of time, and disappear. Beasts and birds are rarely interrupted by the disease. Their lives are not angry with the expectation of death, knowledge of the past and the present is all they have are not aware of the morning, live happy in their ignorance and indifference, and in the sink past in depths, endless night, "which are made to be taken and destroyed."

But this is not the history of man. He dies from the cradle to the grave - "suffers a hundred deaths in a fear." He is aware of the dangers that beset. He covers everywhere. Death is a constant destruction of their fondest hopes and causing him the most painful punishment. It breaks the ties that bind heart to heart, and the dearest grants are cut, and the joys of the blessed life wrapped in the gloom of death. All they had of earthly happiness in the past now is his distress. Is it possible that life and death "walk arm in arm? Yes, but we are happy in the enjoyment of one, another comes and takes up the mantle fear on all our earthly prospects. Sella this volume blessed life, and I do not know where the light is a spring that brighten this gloomy picture. Without this, man would be at a lower level of happiness of the beasts that perish. It would be better than anything rational, without the religion of Jesus Christ and understanding of the Bible. The Scriptures tell us that these things have a cause, which come from God's dealings with his creatures, that the invisible hand that allows these tests is benevolent and wise. The pain has its design and not is neither friendly nor evil. These things have a moral cause, are the great reproach of God for sin. They are also a part of the discipline of a Heavenly Father, designed to cooperate with the Gospel to bring back all those who are wisely exercised its abandoned God.

The antidote to all these evils which resulted in death was the tree of life. When man sinned against God put him in the tree of life. If he had stayed with him would have been beyond the reach of the reason for life, and beyond the holding power of the fear of death.
