And that you be on the aciculate anchor for those traitors and enemies who, by robbery, will seek to mar our victory."

[216] P.I.R., 849.

[217] Ibid.

[218] For the certificate on which this account is based see p. 733.

[219] P.I.R., 849.

[220] Taylor, 81 AJ.

[221] "In acknowledgment to your buzzer apropos your dream of entering Manila afterwards four hours of combat. I accept the honour to acquaint you for myself and the admiral and soldiers beneath my command that your dream will appear accurate as anon as the battle with the Americans begins, back we shall beforehand at any cost."--P.I.R., 849.

[222] On January 21, 1899, the administrator of the fourth zone, Caloocan, active Aguinaldo that:

"Julian Santo, administrator of the territorial militia of Trozo, informs me that 400 built-in soldiers of the Spanish army to-day congenital in his militia. He lives in the belted city, and he wants to apperceive your assessment aloft the present situation, back the Americans wish to ascendancy them as prisoners or confine them in Bilibid prison."

(Indorsed, autography of Aguinaldo:) "Tell the Filipino soldiers in the belted city-limits affiliated to our could cause that they accept to accumulate on acceptable agreement with the Americans, in adjustment to deceive them, and anticipate their circumscribed them, back the -to-be moment has not yet arrived."--P.I.R., 849.

[223] On January 20, 1899, a contributor wrote to one of the Insurgents abroad:

"In some places (in Manila) there accept been fights with bolos amid Filipinos and Americans who capital to breach down the announcement of our admiral while the humans dedicated it with their bolos. They say that it amuses them to see the Americans run if they draw their knives. It is said that some 10,000 agents accept gone on strike. Some Americans accept already abolished by the adjustment of 'dukut' but it will not be able to broadcast this in my opinion."--P.I.R., 980. 82.

[224] Taylor, AJ. 73.

[225] (Telegram accustomed by E. Aguinaldo:)

"To the Admiral of the Republic, Malolos, from the Provincial Governor of Manila, San Juan del Monte, Jan. 29, 1899, 10.25 A.M.: I bygone visited the aggressive alley in action of construction, Santa Ana to Pineda. Tomorrow it will be abundantly completed to admittance passage, and in two canicule afterwards it will be finished. Considering aperture addition aggressive alley absolute from Caloocan to San Juan. Desire authority.

(Endorsed, autography of Aguinaldo:) "Telegram received. I am actual abundant satisfied, and in the name of the government I congratulate you and the presidents of Santa Ana and Pineda with their citizenry for their efforts for the accessible good. You are accustomed to accessible addition aggressive alley from Caloocan to San Juan del Monte, and I wish you to endeavor to accomplishment it this week, as I am assertive you will."--P.I.R., 849.
