And that you be on the sharp lookout for those traitors
and enemies who, by robbery, will seek to mar our victory."

[216]  P.I.R., 849.

[217]  Ibid.

[218] For the document on which this statement is based see p. 733.

[219] P.I.R., 849.

[220] Taylor, 81 AJ.

[221] "In reply to your telegram concerning your dream of entering Manila after four hours
of combat. I have the honour to inform you for myself and the officers and soldiers under my
command that your dream will come true as soon as the conflict with the Americans begins, since
we shall advance at any cost."--P.I.R., 849.

[222] On January 21, 1899, the commander of the fourth zone, Caloocan, wired Aguinaldo that:

"Julian Santo, commander of the territorial militia of Trozo, informs me that 400 native soldiers
of the Spanish army to-day incorporated in his militia. He lives in the walled city, and he
wants to know your opinion upon the present situation, since the Americans want to hold them
as prisoners or confine them in Bilibid prison."

(Indorsed, handwriting of Aguinaldo:) "Tell the Filipino soldiers in the walled city affiliated
to our cause that they must keep on good terms with the Americans, in order to deceive them,
and prevent their confining them, since the hoped-for moment has not yet arrived."--P.I.R., 849.

[223] On January 20, 1899, a correspondent wrote to one of the Insurgents abroad:

"In some places (in Manila) there have been fights with bolos between Filipinos and Americans
who wanted to tear down the proclamation of our president while the people defended it with
their bolos. They say that it amuses them to see the Americans run when they draw their knives.
It is said that some 10,000 servants have gone on strike. Some Americans have already disappeared
by the method of 'dukut' but it will not be proper to publish this in my opinion."--P.I.R.,
980. 82.

[224] Taylor, AJ. 73.

[225] (Telegram received by E. Aguinaldo:)

"To the President of the Republic, Malolos, from the Provincial Governor of Manila, San Juan
del Monte, Jan. 29, 1899, 10.25 A.M.: I yesterday visited the military road in process of construction,
Santa Ana to Pineda. Tomorrow it will be sufficiently completed to permit passage, and in two
days after it will be finished. Considering opening another military road direct from Caloocan
to San Juan. Desire authority.

(Endorsed, handwriting of Aguinaldo:) "Telegram received. I am very much satisfied, and in
the name of the government I congratulate you and the presidents of Santa Ana and Pineda with
their inhabitants for their efforts for the public good. You are authorized to open another
military road from Caloocan to San Juan del Monte, and I want you to endeavor to finish it
this week, as I am certain you will."--P.I.R., 849.
