And that you are on the pointed watch for those traitors and enemies who, by burglary, will look for to ruin our win." 

[216] P.I.R., 849. 

[217] Ibid. 

[218] For the manuscript on which this declaration is based see p. 733. 

[219] P.I.R., 849. 

[220] Taylor, 81 AJ. 

[221] "In respond to your cable about your dream of entering Manila after four hours of battle. I have the respect to notify you for myself and the officers and military beneath my authority that your dream will come correct as soon as the clash with the Americans begins, as we shall proceed at any cost."--P.I.R., 849. 

[222] On January 21, 1899, the leader of the fourth region, Caloocan, wired Aguinaldo that: 

"Julian Santo, chief of the territorial armed force of Trozo, informs me that 400 local militia of the Spanish military to-day included in his armed force. He lives in the walled metropolis, and he needs to know your view upon the current condition, since the Americans desire to grip them as prisoners or confine them in Bilibid jail." 

(Indorsed, calligraphy of Aguinaldo:) "Inform the Filipino military in the walled city allied to our reason that they should stay on fine conditions with the Americans, in order to deceive them, and stop their confining them, since the hoped-for instant has not so far arrived."--P.I.R., 849. 

[223] On January 20, 1899, a reporter wrote to one of the Insurgents overseas: 

"In some places (in Manila) there have been fights with bolos among Filipinos and Americans who wanted to slash down the proclamation of our leader while the people shielded it with their bolos. They say that it amuses them to observe the Americans run when they draw their knives. It is said that some 10,000 servants have moved out on hit. Several Americans have already vanished by the technique of 'dukut' but it will not be correct to issue this in my view."--P.I.R., 980. 82. 

[224] Taylor, AJ. 73. 

[225] (Telegram received by E. Aguinaldo:) 

"To the President of the Republic, Malolos, from the Provincial Governor of Manila, San Juan del Monte, Jan. 29, 1899, 10.25 A.M.: I yesterday visited the armed highway in procedure of creation, Santa Ana to Pineda. Tomorrow it will be adequately finished to allow passage, and in two days following it will be completed. Considering opening one more military street straight from Caloocan to San Juan. Want power. 

(Endorsed, handwriting of Aguinaldo:) "Telegram acknowledged. I am extremely pleased, and in the name of the administration I praise you and the presidents of Santa Ana and Pineda with their populace for their hard work for the public good. You are endorsed to open an additional military way from Caloocan to San Juan del Monte, and I want you to attempt to end it this week, as I am convinced you will."--P.I.R., 849.
