A beautiful part of what they see as "religious discussion" was conducted between Mr Bruce and the Minister during the visit of the former presbytery, which we have failed to show, (although for some reason we do not intend to give it a name was) located outside the city of Aberdeen, a retired Strathclyde or valley, full-Sloe and hazel bushes, with Dee runs through them like a giant silver snake. Although slightly more than half a mile from Aberdeen, and much closer to the church of which Mr Comyn was minister, the priest seemed so lonely and quiet as thirty miles lay between her and a busy, crowded city. Now, though Mr. Bruce had rented apartment sleeping in the house of Mr. Bell's Comyn-husband, or the clerk who hard by the church, he spent all his free time with his friend at the rectory, where his meals were always taken, and in addition to the magnificent sum of polemical palaver we have alluded to a great deal of whiskey-toddy did the worthy minister and his guest plotting to swallow in the heat of their arguments. Time and often did good, innocent Miss Henny Comyn explained that when the shake-hands hours arrived, Mr. Bruce, "puir man seemed AFF dribbling his cosie beddie on strange fu Davy Bain's 'o' the spirit!" True it was, but the old maiden guessed not in its innocence, that the mind is an evil, and called the man and the fire from the unsuspecting barley grain.

Finally, as we have said, Mr Comyn said his desire - indeed, his command - that Barbara must prepare itself to Mr. Bruce received as a groom in six months thereafter. And now Mr. Bruce himself, a shy man and Dour at other times, courage in one day, after dinner, its - "love," so he was really hot, so we suppose we heard, our extreme ignorance of the exact category of the nomenclature of the feelings that actuated his. Honest man! narrow and selfish as he was, he was not cruel by nature, or unwilling, and he was even touched by the pathetic and frank confession, which he made with Barbara on the state of her heart. But, though touched by her tears, he did not understand them, but treated them as the natural mawkishness of girlish sentimentality nor had assured her that she ever would, but keep her cousin John, force him to dissuade the prosecution of his suit. He was void of any delicacy of feeling, was neither hurt nor dissatisfied with their professed loyalty to one another, but satisfied with a quote from himself, misquoting, and completely distorting the Scripture, and concluded by assuring her that her duty to obey her father before marriage - after her husband. He had no doubt that she would be happy if his wife because "he was rich, and a steady Presbyterian!"
