There is splendid characterization,
too, in the Song of Roland, together with a fine sense of poetic form; not fine enough, however,
to avoid a prodigious deal of conventional gag. The battling is lavish, but always exciting;
and in, at least, that section which describes how the dying Oliver, blinded by weariness and
wounds, mistakes Roland for a pagan and feebly smites him with his sword, there is real and
piercing pathos. But for all his sense of character, the poet has very little discretion in
his admiration of his heroes. Christianity, in these two poems, has less effect than one might
think. The conspicuous value of life is still the original value, courage; but elaboration
and refinement of this begin to appear, especially in the Song of Roland, as passionately conscious
patriotism and loyalty. The chief contribution of the Nibelungenlied to the main process of
epic poetry is plot in narrative; a contribution, that is, to the manner rather than to the
content of epic symbolism. There is something that can be called plot in Homer; but with him,
as in all other early epics, it is of no great account compared with the straightforward linking
of incidents into a direct chain of narrative. The story of the Nibelungenlied, however, is
not a chain but a web. Events and the influence of characters are woven closely and intricately
together into one tragic pattern; and this requires not only characterization, but also the
adding to the characters of persistent and dominant motives.

Epic poetry exhibits life in some great symbolic attitude. It cannot strictly be said to symbolize
life itself, but always some manner of life. But life as courage--the turning of the dark,
hard condition of life into something which can be exulted in--this, which is the deep significance
of the art of the first epics, is the absolutely necessary foundation for any subsequent valuation
of life; Man can achieve nothing until he has first achieved courage. And this, much more than
any inheritance of manner, is what makes all the writers of deliberate or "literary" epic imply
the existence of Homer. If Homer had not done his work, they could not have done theirs. But
"literary" epics are as necessary as Homer. We cannot go on with courage as the solitary valuation
of life. We must have the foundation, but we must also have the superstructure. Speaking comparatively,
it may be said that the function of Homeric epic has been to create imperishable symbolism
for the actual courageous consciousness of life, but the duty of "literary" epic has been to
develop this function, answerably to the development of life itself, into symbolism of some
conscious idea of life--something at once more formalized and more subtilized than the primary
virtue of courage.
