If we look at any map we cannot but be struck by the fact that some rivers terminate in a delta, some in an estuary. The thames, for instance, ends in a noble estuary, to which london owes much of its wealth and power. It is obvious that the thames could not have excavated this estuary while the coast was at its present level. But we know that formerly the land stood higher, that the german ocean was once dry land, and the thames, after joining the rhine, ran northwards, and fell eventually into the arctic ocean. The estuary of the thames, then, dates back to a period when the south-east of england stood at a higher level than the present, and even now the ancient course of the river can be traced by soundings under what is now sea. The sites of present deltas, say of the nile, were also once under water, and have been gradually reclaimed by the deposits of the river.

It would indeed be a great mistake to suppose that rivers always tend to deepen their valleys. This is only the case when the slope exceeds a certain angle. When the fall is but slight they tend on the contrary to raise their beds by depositing sand and mud brought down from higher levels. Hence in the lower part of their course many of the most celebrated rivers--the nile, the po, the mississippi, the thames, etc.--run upon embankments, partly of their own creation.

The reno, the most dangerous of all the apennine rivers, is in some places as much as 30 feet above the adjoining country. Rivers under such conditions, when not interfered with by man, sooner or later break through their banks, and leaving their former bed, take a new course along the lowest part of their valley, which again they gradually raise above the rest. Hence, unless they are kept in their own channels by human agency, such rivers are continually changing their course.

If we imagine a river running down a regularly inclined plane in a more or less straight line; any inequality or obstruction would produce an oscillation, which when once started would go on increasing until the force of gravity drawing the water in a straight line downwards equals that of the force tending to divert its course. Hence the radius of the curves will follow a regular law depending on the volume of water and the angle of inclination of the bed. If the fall is 10 feet per mile and the soil homogeneous, the curves would be so much extended that the course would appear almost straight. With a fall of 1 foot per mile the length of the curve is, according to fergusson, about six times the width of the river, so that a river 1000 feet wide would oscillate once in 6000 feet. This is an important consideration, and much labour has been lost in trying to prevent rivers from following their natural law of oscillation.
