Where and when? "

"Anyway, also I have my fears."

"He murdered them, sir - the bad man, 'Twasn't his mother, my poor niece, who rest in peace, he died as easy as a lamb. Actually, yes, she was not."

"Bring your tools," said Franz, and came with me. "

He led the secretary your camera - I wanted to lift the mysterious stone home, and the excavation of the ground beneath him. Therefore, it has become in a few minutes, with feelings of pity and horror unspeakable, Franz was less meat remains of two children, apparently by the size of the bones must have been about the age and figure, when deposited there, the little ghosts. He was also turning to the record that that opens in the page itself bears the name of the employee, and at the same place where the sight of miserable Weetzer Von expressed his finger was properly in the baptism of children killed and Registrar turned slightly birth entries elsewhere in the volume. Frantz buried the remains of these unfortunate creatures on consecrated ground - just to the left Steingarten - a development that had resigned (following terrible unusual incident with possession of it) so scared and upset him - he married his return Adelinda Leipzig - and gradually became an exemplary member of the Society.

M.L.B.

* * * * *

Censure is the tax a man pays for the public to occupy a prominent place .-- Swift.

* * * * *

THE NATURALIST

* * * * *

 NEST OF THE TAYLOR BIRD.

This is one of the most interesting objects from all the compass of Natural History. The young architect named Taylor Bird, Wren Taylor, or Taylor, singer, from the art, as it makes its nest, sewing, dry leaves of a green color at the end of a branch, forming a hollow cone, because then lines. The general structure of the nest, and a description of one individual, Dr. Latham assembly that is found on page 180, vol. xiii. the mirror.

Taylor bird is only about three and a half inches long and weighs, they say, three sixteenths of an ounce, its plumage is pale olive above, chin and throat yellow yellow breast and belly dark white. He lives in India and especially the islands of Ceylon. The eggs are white, not much larger than the eggs so-called ant [1].

In building the nest, making the peak office pierce the leaves of the necessary holes and the passage of fibers through them with the skill of a tailor. While these pieces in the back, which is not firm enough is sewn the same way.

[20] Notes to Ornithologia Jennings, pp 324th
