This, in any case had merit of tickling his sense of humor, where nothing used railway porters, and if any one remarks that he read the story in some old "Farmers' Almanack," I reply but it is still worth repeating.

My Little Red Book of the study 'of Italian Made Easy for Traveller is always in my pocket, but it is amazing how little use for me. Critics should not say that individuality is dying in the human race and that we are all more or less the same. If we were, we should find our practical everyday he met with such small books. Mine gives me a sentence that requires clothes washes to return three days hence, at midnight, at dawn, or the full moon, but can not find anywhere new arrival phrase for the next night or the day after -tomorrow. The book begs washes use a lot of starch, but the arrival of new wants fewer, or only light frills.

Before going dressmaker yesterday, I spent five minutes learning the Italian words "This shirt bags, she sits in wrinkles between the shoulders." Since it was granted only small criticism in the book, I imagined that Italian dressmakers erred in this particular direction. What was my discomfiture to find that my shirt was too small and refused to meet. I could only use gestures to illuminate the seamstress, but not to waste my newly acquired knowledge, I tried to tell the melodramatic story of a friend of mine whose shirt bags and sat in wrinkles between the shoulders. It failed because I was forced to substitute the past for present tense of the verb.

Someone said that if we learn irregular verbs of a language first, everything will be fine. I think using considerable mental agility, to avoid, in general they all, though significantly reduces a vocabulary, but in any case, there is no better way to learn to save the marriage with a native. A native, especially after marriage, irregular verbs used with great freedom, and one acquires a familiarity with them never gained a formal teacher training. This method of education may be considered radical, and where one is already married, illegal and bigamous, but overall is not followed with any more difficulty of immersing oneself in a study day after day and month months after learning a grammar irregular verbs.

My rule in studying a language is to take the bag at a time, or in a generally overlooked by foreigners, or some very subtle one known only to the scholar, and devote myself to his hands. A little knowledge here obedient to blind ignorance of much else.
