This at any rate had the merit of tickling his own sense of humour, if it
availed nothing with the railway porters, and if any one remarks that he has read the tale
in some ancient "Farmers' Almanack," I shall only retort that it is still worth repeating.

My little red book on the "Study of Italian Made Easy for the Traveller" is always in my pocket,
but it is extraordinary how little use it is to me.  The critics need not assert that individuality
is dying out in the human race and that we are all more or less alike.  If we were, we should
find our daily practical wants met by such little books.  Mine gives me a sentence requesting
the laundress to return the clothes three days hence, at midnight, at cock-crow, or at the
full of the moon, but nowhere can the new arrival find the phrase for the next night or the
day after to-morrow.  The book implores the washerwoman to use plenty of starch, but the new
arrival wishes scarcely any, or only the frills dipped.

Before going to the dressmaker's yesterday, I spent five minutes learning the Italian for the
expression "This blouse bags; it sits in wrinkles between the shoulders."  As this was the
only criticism given in the little book, I imagined that Italian dressmakers erred in this
special direction.  What was my discomfiture to find that my blouse was much too small and
refused to meet.  I could only use gestures for the dressmaker's enlightenment, but in order
not to waste my recently gained knowledge, I tried to tell a melodramatic tale of a friend
of mine whose blouse bagged and sat in wrinkles between the shoulders.  It was not successful,
because I was obliged to substitute the past for the present tense of the verb.

Somebody says that if we learn the irregular verbs of a language first, all will be well. 
I think by the use of considerable mental agility one can generally avoid them altogether,
although it materially reduces one's vocabulary; but at all events there is no way of learning
them thoroughly save by marrying a native.  A native, particularly after marriage, uses the
irregular verbs with great freedom, and one acquires a familiarity with them never gained in
the formal instruction of a teacher.  This method of education may be considered radical, and
in cases where one is already married, illegal and bigamous, but on the whole it is not attended
with any more difficulty than the immersing of one's self in a study day after day and month
after month learning the irregular verbs from a grammar.

My rule in studying a language is to seize upon some salient point, or one generally overlooked
by foreigners, or some very subtle one known only to the scholar, and devote myself to its
mastery.  A little knowledge here blinds the hearer to much ignorance elsewhere.
