It is best for him to cultivate a taste for
unsweetened or even acid drinks.

3. A dilated heart is usually an after effect of a dilated stomach, which strains it, just
as it does every other organ, whether in the chest or the abdomen.

4. Bathing the chest with cold water is not desirable. What is needed is that the correspondent
should drink as little fluid as possible and pay close attention to the condition of his digestive
mechanism. If the organs are dilated or misplaced he should wear a belt and take suitable gentle
Osteopathic exercises.

TREATMENT FOR STAMMERING.

    A.M.D. writes:--Could you kindly give in The Healthy Life
    magazine some suggestions as to the best method to follow in a
    case of stammering (slight) in a boy of ten or eleven years who
    has been rather left to himself, the hesitancy in speech being
    regarded as incurable?

This boy should be trained by someone who understands how to cure stammering. The correspondent
would do well to consult Miss Behncke of 18 Earl's Court Square, S.W., who makes a speciality
of treating such cases.

WHY THE RED CORPUSCLES ARE DEFICIENT IN ANÆMIA.

    A.M.D. writes:--Is there any way, independent of diet, of
    increasing the red corpuscles in the blood? I have tried walking
    nine miles a day, thus getting up free perspirations. What of
    this method? I did imagine that this resulted in a better
    condition of the skin, the latter losing in a measure the white
    and parched appearance.

A deficiency of red corpuscles in the blood, which shows in anæmia, is usually caused by self-poisoning.
When food ferments or putrifies in the colon, owing to faulty diet and other causes, certain
toxins are created. These become absorbed into the blood and there destroy the red corpuscles.
Walking is a good form of exercise, but it will not suffice alone to remedy this type of anæmia
unless the diet and general habits of the patient are so arranged that the unsanitary condition
of the colon is also remedied. The correspondent will find, if she studies the replies to others
in this magazine, many details as to diet, etc., for rectifying bad conditions in the bowels.

THE CORRECT BLENDING OF FOODS.

    T.B.W. writes:--Is it inadvisable for a dyspeptic (and sufferer
    from constipation) to eat salad, or cooked vegetables, and stewed
    fruit at the same meal; also, do I do right in eating bread and
    butter (preferably crust) or hard biscuits with stewed fruit or
    soft vegetables, etc.? Would you please inform me the best Still
    that I can obtain--preferably one that does not require much
    attention, and is fairly portable, and that does not cost much to
    work?

I do not believe that it is right to mix salads or cooked vegetables with stewed fruits.
