It is in his own interest to ensure that his palate enjoys drinks that are acid and bitter.

3. A dilated tummy strains a lot of organs in the stomach and chest region  including the heart causing it to dilate.

4.A cold bath is not good for the chest.
On the other hand, you need to take minimal fluids and take care of your digestive system. Belts and Osteopathic exercises are good for sensitive dilated organs.  

TREATMENT THAT CONTROLS STAMMERING

Inquiry by A.M.D: Kindly indicate helpful tips in The Healthy Life Magazine which will show how to handle a minor case of stammering in a teenager whose speech impediment has been assumed as impossible to cure.


The person(s) willing to remedy this condition must be adept at curing stammerers and should get in touch with Miss Behncke residing in 18 Earl's Court Square, S.W.,and who makes a speciality of treating stammering cases.

WHY RED CORPUSCLES ARE WANTING IN ANAEMIA

A.M.D writes:-Apart from dieting , how do I increase red corpuscles in my blood? Walking nine miles or more in day doesn't help. Is this method reliable ? The skin is supposed to improve with the witish apperance diminishing.



Red corpuscles deficiency which is indicated in anaemia is often due to self -poisoning. Food purification in the digestive system ( the colon to be exact) causes toxins to be created. When absorbed into the blood this toxins destroy the red blood corpuscles.
Walking , while advisable is not sufficient to rememdy this malady. The unhealthy condition of the colon can be rectified when diets and general habits of the sufferer changes.

You can view other articles that give dietary tips for bowel conditions in this magazine.

THE RIGHT WAY TO BLEND FOODS

T.B.W Says:- Is it bad for someone who has constipation frequently to eat stewed fruits , salad and cooked greens in the same meal? Also is it okay to combine biscuit , bread and butter with the fruits?
Please tell me the best combination of foods which are easy to prepare and cost effective.

To me , mixing salads with stewed fruits or cooked vegetables are not ideal.
