Being ignored by the new shock SPEAKER, returned to own place again to try their chances there. I do not remember that the maneuver was a success. Certainly not been generally adopted.

Graham seems to have recourse to it now, or may be the case that he too has joined the "gentlemen in England? House so agitated by this problem, it loses enough thread of discussion, a passionate debate, which helped light a speech Fergusson, on the phone.

WILFRID LAWSON very interested in the development of new cases.

"The Government", says, "if only the instinct of self-preservation, should accelerate the dissolution. If they are a little more, without saying what may come, with Joe as the main champion of the city and the country, with John Redmond as their favorite speaker, took the hall the other day by Burt against the bill eight hours, they just want to recruit their ranks Graham Cunningham to complete mixing. If you go to another three months, we will see some following Sunday Cunningham Graham red flag as he leads to Trafalgar Square, to be led by Councillor John Burns. "

Business done .-- Do you have in the Civil Service Commission estimates.

Thursday .-- Scotch members made it a night. Great review of the clans. Government have £ 265,000 to make it to Scotland in Local Tax relief and the promotion of education. Scottish Members are not opposed to the money, but take exception to its distribution plan. Members after rising opposition member banks, biting the hand that gives me the knack. "Oil and wasteful," Buchanan calls this regime, and joy Scottish MPs vigorously.

A discussion of this type of capital, but no pictures, empty benches, but the Lord-LAWYER Treasury in the bank.

"I'll tell you how you can manage these fellows, my dear CASABLANCA," said Jemmy Lowther, across the aisle, and sitting for a moment by the Minister alone.

"Excuse me, my name is Pearson."

"Of course," said Jemmy, "I know very well, and only a date, thinking about the boy who was in the recording booth, whence all but he had fled, doncha. Was going to say how you can get out of this Fellows problems. indignant just opposite it proposals of money. Well, you get up, say you're sorry to have offended idea was that he had made a mistake only atonement that can be offered is to withdraw the full grant proposal. Then see how it will sit. "

"Excellent idea," said Lord-ADVOCATE. "Shall we mention Goschen when he returns - if it ever does," he said wearily, looking at the empty bank. Scotch deputies, all unaware of the plot Jemmy Lowther, went on talking until midnight, when the debate was closed.
