The reel is made in a conical shape, being slightly larger at one end than the other, and if the friction of their bearings be relieved by ordinary roller bearings, as will multiply the force applied to inch double break a string, by the power of a man at the crank. An endless rope, or one in which the two ends are placed together, they spend five or six times around the small end of the windlass, and down in a single pulley below: then, as the reel handle is turned the rope constantly flowing from one hand, while the circumference is greater. It is now clear that if the winch is one-fifth of an inch larger in circumference, at the point where the rope is taken up, in the place where it is emitted into the pulley, that everything that can be annexed thereof, shall be increased by a tenth of an inch per revolution, then, assuming that the crank lever to be fifteen inches, the handle will travel about 100 inches per revolution, giving a power, or increased Force, 1000 to one. Therefore, if 100 pounds of power applied to the crank will be enough - the frictional less - to raise a weight of 100,000 pounds. The only drawback to this device, and preventing their entry into more general use, ie it is far too limited in their movement, as a result of travel of the rope from one end of the windlass to the other. Thus, if the windlass be only ten inches long, and the string of an inch in diameter, has to admit that twenty revolutions without renewing. However, in many cases, which is required in an article raised, or moved, but a few centimeters, the conical reel will be preferable to any other method.

* * * * * * * * * * 

Requirement FORCE OF STEAM BOILERS.

SB correspondent can not understand that the strength of cylindrical iron boiler must be in direct proportion to the diameter of it, in order to maintain a pressure per square inch, therefore, we must reason with him in the timeline. The cohesive force of good iron is 64,000 lbs. per square inch, and of course, a strip of sheet iron boiler hold 1/8th inch thick 8 thousand lbs. If a fine iron boiler is 14 inches in diameter, or 44 inches in circumference, every inch of its length will contain 44 square inches, and each contained half of the 22-inch, and as the pressure in this part is supported by least two inches in width plate - one inch on each side - it appears to maintain a minimum pressure of 700 lbs. per square inch in the direction of the circumference. If the diameter is twice the number of square inches is twice, and twice the thickness required to maintain equal pressure.
