The windlass is made in a conical form, being a little larger
at one end, than at the other; and if the friction of its bearings be relieved by the ordinary
friction rollers, it will so far multiply the force applied, as to break a double inch-rope,
by the power of one man at the crank. An endless rope, or one of which the two ends are spliced
together, is passed five or six times round the small end of the windlass, and down under a
single pulley below: then, as the windlass is turned by the crank, the rope is constantly given
off from one part, while the circumference is greater. Now it is plain, that if the windlass
is one-fifth of an inch larger in circumference, at the point at which the rope is taken up,
than at the place where it is given off to the pulley, that whatever may be appended thereto,
will be raised one tenth of an inch by each revolution Then, if we suppose the crank lever
to be fifteen inches, the handle will travel about 100 inches, in each revolution, which gives
a power, or increase of force, of 1000 to one. Therefore, if 100 pounds of power be applied
to the crank handle, it will be sufficient--minus friction--to raise a weight of 100,000 lbs.
The only inconvenience in this apparatus, and which prevents its coming into more general use,
is, that it is too limited in the extent of its motion, in consequence of the travelling of
the rope from one end of the windlass to the other. Thus, if the windlass be but twenty-five
inches long, and the rope one inch in diameter, it will admit only twenty revolutions, without
renewing. Yet, in many cases, in which an article in required to be raised, or moved but a
few inches, the conical windlass will be found preferable to any other method.

       *       *       *       *       *

REQUISITE STRENGTH OF STEAM BOILERS.

Our correspondent S. B. cannot comprehend that the strength of iron for a cylindrical boiler
should Be in direct proportion to the diameter thereof, in order to sustain an equal pressure
per square inch; wherefore, we must reason with him on the long scale. The cohesive strength
of good iron is 64,000 lbs. per square inch; and of course, a strip of boiler-iron plate 1/8th
inch thick will sustain 8000 lbs. If a boiler made of thin iron is 14 inches in diameter, or
44 inches in circumference, each inch of its length will contain 44 square inches, and either
half thereof will contain 22 inches, and as the pressure on this portion is sustained by at
least two inches of width of plate,--one inch on each side,--it follows that it will sustain
a pressure of at least 700 lbs. per square inch, in the direction of circumference. If the
diameter is double, the number of square inches will be double, and will require double the
thickness to sustain equal pressure.
