"First you may ingage y'r estate, interest and creditt that we will most
really and punctually performe any our promises to the Irish, and as it is necessary to conclude
a peace suddainely, soe whatsoever shall be consented unto by our lieutenant the marquis of
Ormond. We will dye a thousand deaths rather than disannull or break it; and if vpon necessity
any thing to be condescended unto, and yet the lord marquis not willing to be seene therein,
as not fitt for us at the present publickely to owne, doe you endeavour to supply the same."--Century
of Inventions by Mr. Partington, original letters and official papers, xxxv. Then follows a
promise to perform any promise made by him to Ormond or others, &c.

January 6. He received a commission to levy any number of men in Ireland and other parts beyond
the sea, with power to appoint officers, receive the king's rents, &c.--Birch, p. 18, from
the Nuncio's Memoirs, fol. 713.

January 12. He received another warrant of a most extraordinary description, which I shall
transcribe from a MS. copy in my possession, attested with the earl's signature, and probably
the very same which he gave to Ormond after his arrest and imprisonment. Whereas wee haue had
sufficient and ample testimony of y'r approued wisdome and fideliti. Soe great is the confidence
we repose in yo'w as that whatsoeuer yo'w shall perform as warranted only under our signe manuall
pockett signett or private marke or even by woorde of mouthe w'thout further cerimonii, wee
doo in the worde of a kinge and a cristian promis to make good to all intents and purposes
as effectually as if your authoriti from us had binne under our great seale of England w'th
this advantage that wee shall esteem our self farr the moore obliged to yo'w for y'r gallantry
in not standing upon such nice tearms to doe us service w'h we shall God willing rewarde. And
althoughe yo'w exceed what law can warrant or any power of ours reach unto, as not knowinge
what yo'w may have need of, yet it being for our service, wee oblige ourself not only to give
yo'w our pardon, but to mantayne the same w'th all our might and power, and though, either
by accident yo'w loose or by any other occasion yo'w shall deem necessary to deposit any of
our warrants and so wante them at yo'r returne, wee faythfully promise to make them good at
your returne, and to supply any thinge wheerin they shall be founde defective, it not being
convenient for us at this time to dispute upon them, for of what wee haue heer sett downe yo'w
may rest confident, if theer be fayth or truth in man; proceed theerfor cheerfully, spedelj,
and bouldly, and for your so doinge this shal be yo'r sufficient warrant. Given at our Court
at Oxford under our signe manuall and privat signet this 12 of January 1644.
