"First you may ingage y'r  land parcel,   concern  and creditt that we will most  actually  and punctually performe any our  pledges  to the Irish, and as it is  essential  to  resolve  a  calm  suddainely, soe whatsoever  will  be  permitted  unto by our lieutenant the marquis of Ormond. We will  dyestuff  a  1000   killings   other than  disannull or  shatter  it; and if vpon necessity any thing to be condescended unto, and yet the lord marquis not  eager  to be seene therein, as not fitt for us at the present publickely to owne, doe you  strive  to  provide  the same."--Century of Inventions by Mr. Partington,  initial   notes  and  authorized  papers, xxxv. Then  pursues  a  pledge  to  present  any  pledge  made by him to Ormond or  other ones,  &c. 
January 6. He  obtained  a  charge  to levy any number of men in Ireland and other  components   after  the  ocean,  with power to  assign   agents,   obtain  the king's  leases,  &c.--Birch, p. 18, from the Nuncio's Memoirs, fol. 713. 
January 12. He  obtained  another warrant of a most  exceptional   recount,  which I  will  transcribe from a MS.  exact  duplicate   in my  ownership,  attested with the earl's signature, and  likely  the very  identical  which he  provided  to Ormond after his  apprehend  and imprisonment. Whereas wee haue had  adequate  and  plentiful  testimony of y'r approued wisdome and fideliti. Soe  large  is the  self-assurance  we repose in yo'w as that whatsoeuer yo'w  will   present  as warranted only under our signe manuall pockett signett or  personal  marke or even by woorde of mouthe w'thout  farther  cerimonii, wee doo in the worde of a kinge and a cristian promis to make good to all intents and  reasons  as effectually as if your authoriti from us had binne under our  large  seale of England w'th this  benefit  that wee  will  esteem our self farr the moore obliged to yo'w for y'r gallantry in not standing upon such  pleasant  tearms to doe us service w'h we  will  God  eager  rewarde. And althoughe yo'w  pass  what  regulation  can warrant or any power of ours  come to  unto, as not knowinge what yo'w may have  require  of, yet it being for our service, wee oblige ourself not only to give yo'w our pardon, but to mantayne the  identical  w'th all our might and power, and though, either by  misfortune  yo'w loose or by any other  event  yo'w  will  deem  essential  to deposit any of our warrants and so wante them at yo'r returne, wee faythfully  pledge  to make them  excels  your returne, and to  provide  any thinge wheerin they  will  be founde defective, it not being  befitting  for us at this time to  argument  upon them, for of what wee haue heer sett downe yo'w may rest  assured,  if theer be fayth or  reality  in man;  advance  theerfor  agreeably,  spedelj, and bouldly, and for your so doinge this shal be yo'r  adequate  warrant. Given at our Court at Oxford under our signe manuall and privat signet this 12 of January 1644.
