The people there wanted to have all the land in the new state east of the river was Ron. We have partners in Stillwater and St. Paul wanted a land of ours. As they were the only two cities, we wanted the capital of the new territory of a prison and the other. In the spring - May, I think, I know it was so cold that we slept in heavy blankets, the men of St. Paul sent for us and about forty fellow approached us. We slept that night in a small hotel in one of the lower cliffs. It was a long building with a door in the middle. We slept on the floor, wrapped in blankets. The next day, we discussed the above issues and decided that we should vote against the proposed border and have a new territory, and that St. Paul must have the capital and the penitentiary. This decision was ratified at the convention in Stillwater, the last of August 1848.

The hottest time I've had a steamboat race was in May 1857, running the Gallery of Galena to St. Paul. A reward had been offered free dockage for the season, amounting to one thousand dollars to the vessel arriving in St. Paul first of that year. I stood on Lake Pepin a week before the ice went out, hoping the ice three feet to go. It was terrible aggravation. Was a kind of open channel along one edge and the ice seemed to be well behind him. There were twenty boats all waiting there in the bay of false. I made a port in crushed ice for a place big enough for my boat and there was cozy as could be. He also anchored in the ice. Nelson, a large ship of Pittsburgh was there with a big load, especially hardware - more or less nails. There were several steamers which came from down the Ohio. When the ice closed in, it cut the "Arcola" in two as if it was a pair of scissors and a paper boat. She sank at once. He put the "Salto de San Antonio" a good-sized vapor out of the water in the niggerheads. The "Pioneer" sank. He broke the wheels of the "Nelson", and another boat and put out of service. I stayed in my port until morning, then steamed away to the new channel shortly. The "War Eagle" They locked us in the head of the lake and days. I was at the wheel. When we arrived in Sturgeon Bay, took a cut through the bar. He had found it when I was rafting so I knew that he knew nothing of it. This small advantage gained on the day for us. So, we burned several barrels of resin and took every chance of meeting our Maker. We arrived in St. Paul at two in the morning. Such an uproar that there was - as a major fire barrel of tar. We could see clearly "Kaposia" six miles away.

Christmas, the company sent me a hundred dollars, which were very useful, since it was newly married.
