Depth .-- EUDOXUS regular circle with a diameter of about 40 miles in mountainous regions, which remain in Mare Serenitatis and Mare Frigoris lose the lot through the border point and the scale of the great wall of circularity, it increased by more than 11,000 feet above the floor W., and about 10,000 feet. side of the balcony, a clear and muster - Crater in the valley slopes outside interference in the same urgency and complexity of the current system is a bright crater buttresses glacis N distance of more than a thin wall NW. Regular small ring and one of the SE crater wall is clear, and Neison attention to an area of 1400 square miles NE, which is covered by large masses of low hills, E. Eudoxus of two clefts over the short and long used in N. nicked it is sensitive to the southwest, with NE 20th Trouvelot stored on the terminator Aristillus February 1877, and Alphonse, a subject very small optical cross section and extending from S. border, the border. He said like any other, and they called Murs enigmatiques.

Aristotle .-- nice ring plain, the edge of the complex 60 miles in diameter, surmounted by peaks up to nearly 11,000 feet above the floor W. This is clearly linked to the balcony. Bright spot in the middle of the shadows. The interior is full of shadows. Prominent feature in the picture. Most of the sun, a shadow wall W. extensive background on the slopes and the beautiful E. wall of a small crater on the ridge full brightness. Details of this period. Balcony to see the benefits of the best organized parallel to the ridge lines and mountains of NE and SW also improved over this sunny afternoon. Normal and bright circle with a diameter of about 10 miles deep, the mountains in the middle of the wall, unlike W.

Egede .-- Gross lozenge form, about 18 miles from corner to corner, surrounded by a wall nearly 400 feet above the height is just south of Roy. Under very mild.

GREAT ALPINE VALLEY .-- major depression in the shape of the keel cuts through the Alps W. Plato from WNW to ESE, is more than 80 miles long and six miles wide difference in S. less than four miles. there, near the border with N. S. Mare Frigoris most of its steep cliffs of the area surrounding the SW side a gesture of the evening sun is low in the border line of wool you can see a bright little hills.
