
EUDOXUS.--A bright deep ring-plain, about 40 miles in diameter, in the hilly region between
the Mare Serenitatis and the Mare Frigoris, with a border much broken by passes, and deviating
considerably from circularity. Its massive walls, rising more than 11,000 feet above the floor
on the W., and about 10,000 feet on the opposite side, are prominently terraced, and include
crater-rows in the intervening valleys, while their outer slopes present a complicated system
of spurs and buttresses. There is a bright crater on the N. glacis, and some distance beyond
the wall on the N.W. is a small ring-plain, and on the S.E. another, with a conspicuous crater
between it and the wall. Neison draws attention to an area of about 1400 square miles on the
N.E. which is covered with a great multitude of low hills. E. of Eudoxus are two short crossed
clefts, and on the N. a long cleft of considerable delicacy running from N.E. to S.W. It was
in connection with this formation that Trouvelot, on February 20, 1877, when the terminator
passed through Aristillus and Alphonsus, saw a very narrow thread of light crossing the S.
part of the interior and extending from border to border. He noted also similar appearances
elsewhere, and termed them Murs enigmatiques.

ARISTOTELES.--A magnificent ring-plain, 60 miles in diameter, with a complex border, surmounted
by peaks, rising to nearly 11,000 feet above the floor, one of which on the W., pertaining
to a terrace, stands out as a brilliant spot in the midst of shadow when the interior is filled
with shadow. The formation presents its most striking aspect at sunrise, when the shadow of
the W. wall just covers the floor, and the brilliant inner slope of the E. wall with the little
crater on its crest is fully illuminated. At this phase the details of the terraces are seen
to the best advantage. The arrangement of the parallel ridges and rows of hills on the N.E.
and S.W. is likewise better seen at this time than under an evening sun. A bright and deep
ring-plain, about 10 miles in diameter, with a distinct central mountain, is connected with
the W. wall.

EGEDE.--A lozenge-shaped formation, about 18 miles from corner to corner, bounded by walls
scarcely more than 400 feet in height. It is consequently only traceable under very oblique
illumination.

THE GREAT ALPINE VALLEY.--A great wedge-shaped depression, cutting through the Alps W. of Plato,
from W.N.W. to E.S.E. It is more than 80 miles in length, and varies in breadth from 6 miles
on the S. to less than 4 miles on the N., where it approaches the S. border of the Mare Frigoris.
For a greater part of its extent it is bounded on the S.W. side by a precipitous linear cliff,
which, under a low evening sun, is seen to be fringed by a row of bright little hills.
