However, on calling the captain to us, Mr. John Maddick came first, and after him the
doctor and some others, which the captain perceiving, came also.

The captain having left the ship, the multitude crowded so eagerly after him that we had like
to have spoiled all; but by chance the boat was got off, with twenty-one people in her and
hanging to her sides. Some were forced to slip; others perished on the ice, not being able
to return to the ship, where the rest were lost.

On the 25th of March we took a miserable farewell of our distressed brethren, the heart of
every one being so overloaded with his own misery as to have little room to pity another. Next,
on considering what course to follow, we resolved to make for the shore.

Our only provision was a small barrel of flour, and a five gallon rundlet of brandy, which
had been thrown overboard, and was taken up by us. We also took up an old chest, which stood
us in good stead, for having but one oar, and our ship's handspikes, and a hatchet being by
chance in the boat, we could split the chest, and nail it to the handspikes, which were our
oars. Nails we had only, by drawing them from different parts of the boat; and the rest of
the chest was used to kindle a fire. It also happened that our main tarpaulin, which had been
newly tarred, was put into the boat. Of it we made a main-sail; and of an old piece of canvas,
that had been a sail to a yawl, we made a fore-sail. In this condition we turned towards the
shore, and observing the surrounding ice lie north and south, we steered north, and in the
morning were clear of it.

Having now got into the ocean, and the wind being still easterly, we hoisted our sail, and
steered west-north-west about fourteen leagues, when we fell in with another field of ice.
Attempting to sail through it, we were enclosed by many great islands, which drove so fast
together, that we were forced to haul up our boat on the ice, otherwise we should have perished.

Here we lay eleven days without once seeing the sea. As the ice was thick, we caught as many
seals as we chose, for they were in great abundance. Our fire hearth was made of the skin,
and the fat melted so easily, that we could boil the lean with it.

But by lying so long in this cold region, the men began to complain of their feet; and our
boat being too small to afford room for all, there was always a hideous cry among us of hurting
each other, though for this there was no remedy. We kept watch six and six, both for the convenience
of room, and to guard against the ice breaking under our boat, which often happened, and then
it was necessary to launch, or carry her to a place which we thought strong enough to bear
her weight.

In eleven days we saw the sea, and, with great difficulty, got out the boat.
