Though we called the Captain to us, it was Mr John Maddick who came first, followed by the doctor and some others. On perceiving this the Captain also came.
When the Captain left the ship, many crowded very eagarly after him that all would have been spoiled for us; but by chance we got off the boat with twenty-one people in her and hanging to her sides. Some were forced to slip; while others not being able to reach the ship perished on the cold ice; where the rest were lost.

0n the 25 th of March, we bid a sad and miserable farewell to our suffering brethen, with the heart of every one so overloaded with their own pain and misery that there was very little room for others' pain and misery. After that we thought on the next course of action we deceided to go for the shore.

Our provision, thrown overboard, comprised of a small barrel of flour, a five gallon rundlet of brandy. We also took an old chest, which stood us good because we had but one oar and our ship's handspikes. So using a hatchet which was on the boat by chance we could split the chest and nail it to the handspikes, to make our oars. Nails themselves were drawn from different parts the boat. The rest of the chest was used to kindle a fire. Our main tarpaulin, which had been newly tarred, which was put into the boat,was made a main-sail and a old piece of canvas which had been the sail to a yawl was made the a fore-sail.In this condition we turned  towards the shore, and seeing the surrounding ice lie north and south, we steered north and were clear of it by the morning. 

Steering clear of ice we got into the ocean. The winds still being easterly, the sail was hoisted by us and the boat was steered west-north-west about fifteen leagues, when another field of ice came up. Attempting to sail through  these great islands of ice , they drove fast together and almost enclosed our boat and our boat had to be hauled up on the ice. Otherwise we should have perished.

It was here that we lay for eleven days without seeing the sea even once. As the ice was thick and there were seals in abundance, many seals were caught. The skin made our fire hearth and the lean could be boiled with the fat that melted so easily.

The region was cold and the boat being so small too small to afford room for all, and the men lying in it kept hurting each other. So there were lots of cries and complains of pain especially in their feet. There was no real remedy to this. So we kept Watch in groups of six and six both for making more room as wellas to guard aginst the ice breaking under our boat. Breaking OF ice under our boat happened often and it became necessary to launch or carry her to a place which we thought strong enough to bear her weight.
In eleven days we saw the sea, and, with great difficulty, got the boat out.
