From the top presents a broad view Sphacteria Island, the port town of Navarino the south, and a considerable portion of the territory formerly called Messenia in the east, with the conical hill, which, although a few kilometers from the coast, is used as a reference point to mark the harbor entrance. Mr. Purdy, in his New Sailing Directory for the Mediterranean Sea, says, "from the sea, a frigate would in two or three hours, breaking down the walls (Navarino), the artillery of the place (in 1825) consisted forty pieces of artillery, most of the fort, eight on drums at the entrance of the port, and a few in some of the towers over the city. "It should be added that the port is said to be capable to hold 2,000 candles, and the city's population is about 3,000, most of whom are Turks.

For the curious dilettante dates, & c. (As our friend PTW & c.), almost matching the following circumstances may be interesting: - The recent engagement took place on the anniversary of the memorable battle of Salamis, 480 BC C. when the invading army of Xerxes was defeated by the Greeks, and which days Euripides, Greek tragic poet, was born: Nestor is said to have been born in Navarino, as already mentioned: and finally, the attack, that the plan attached is an example, it was on the eve of the anniversary of the glorious battle of Trafalgar, which was dedicated the victory of Captain Vice Admiral Navarino, then East,.

REFERENCES.

1. The English Squadron.

2. French Squadron.

3. Russian squad.

4. The combined Turkish-Egyptian fleet.

5. The ship sent by the "Dartmouth" to a Turkish ship fire, which killed Lt. GWHF Fitzroy.

6. and 7. Fire Turkish ships.

The other figures denote water depth in fathoms English.

* * * * *

RELICS of the season.

Part of an old song.

What follows is part of an old song which I copied faithfully, was, as I have said, sung at wakes in the north of England, and before Christmas: from the appearance, there is little doubt to be the north composition.

I've seen in previous volumes of the mirror, the samples of two old ballads, as they are a curiosity, I sent myself as being, I believe, are too. There is an old ballad that I found and bought, "The Outlandish Knight," but it is certainly very upset, but the story continues.

Tonight ean, ean tonight, every night and awle, Fire and fleet, lyght [1] and sail, And you sawle receyve Chryst.

When Dost passe away from here every night and awle, where you come whinny For Moore, at last, And your sawle Chryste receyve.
