Yesterday I visited the Palazzo Mozza to see the image of Benvenuto, "At night, after the Battle of Jena." Then, several churches - Santa Croce, which is hallowed ground: Annonciata, celebrated for his frescoes of Andrea del Sarto and Carmine, who thanked me for the light elegance of its architecture and its fine white marble Alto-relievos. In this church is the chapel of Madonna del shuffling, Masuccio painted, and the oldest existing frescoes: they are curious rather than beautiful, and going to decay.

To-day I visited the school of Fine Arts: it contains a very fine and extensive collection throws some works by ancient and modern artists and students are exposed. I have been judge of the specimens we have seen here and elsewhere, I should say that a cold, clear, hard style tea tray painting predominates, and taste worse, if possible, in sculpture. No soul, no grandeur, not simply a lack of fun of post design, a complete detailed subtlety, affecting place of grace, instead of distortion power, and prettiness rather than beauty. However, artists who perform these works, and those who buy them have free access to the wonders of the gallery, and treasures of Palazzo Pitti. Chances are your eyes, sans soul, sans taste, sans every thing, but money and pride?

Our morning .-- November 22, however otherwise occupied, are generally concluded for an hour in the gallery or the Pitti Palace, evenings are spent in the Mercato Nuovo, in artists' studios, or at Cascina.

To-day, the gallery have examined the Dutch school Salle des Portraits, and ended as usual with the Tribune. Salle des Portraits contains a complete collection of portraits of painters until today. In general, their faces are expressive of their character and style of painting. Harlow Poor's image, painted by himself, is here.

Flemish and Dutch artists (despite their exquisite pots and pans, and cabbage and carrots, their birch-broom, in which each branch can count, and their carpets, they can recognize each thread) does not interest me, its landscapes also , however natural, are simple in nature Dutch (with some brilliant exceptions), fat cattle, cut trees, boors, and windmills. Of course, not talking Vandyke or Rubens, that he "lived in rainbow colors, or Rembrandt, the king of clouds and shadows, but for my own part, I waive all Mieris, Netscher, Teniers and Gerard Douwe ever produced, some of Claude's creations like Eden, or one of the great Guido heads - or just for pleasure to watch Flora Titian once a day, I give a full gallery of Dutch, if I've had.
