Yesterday we visited the Mozzi palace to see the box Benvenuto, "The night after the Battle of Jena." Then, several churches - the Santa Croce, which is sacred ground: the Annonciata, famous for the frescoes of Andrea del Sarto, and Carmine, I liked the lighting for the elegance of its architecture, and fine marble high-relief white. In this church is the Chapel of Our Lady of Caramel, painted by Masuccio, and preserve ancient frescoes: they are curious rather than beautiful, and it will decay.

Today we visited the School of Fine Arts, contains a very good and extensive collection of molds of the old, and some works of modern artists and students are exposed. If I were to judge by the samples I've seen here and elsewhere, I would say a cold, looking, hard style prevails tea tray in the paint, and taste worse, if possible, in sculpture. No soul, no grandeur or simplicity, a little blandness in the design, and detail of finish details; involvement instead of grace, the distortion rather than power, and beauty rather than beauty. However, the artists who executed these works, and those who buy them have free access to the wonders of the gallery, and the treasures of the Pitti Palace. Are the round eyes, souls, sans taste, sans every thing, but money and self-esteem?

November 22 .-- Our morning, however, busy, usually held for one hour in the gallery or in the Pitti Palace, at night they spend in the Mercato Nuovo, in the workshops of artists, or Cascina.

In the gallery today, I reviewed the Dutch school and the hall of pictures, and ended as always with the Tribune. La Salle des Portraits contains a complete collection of portraits of painters to this day. In general their respective faces are expressive of his characters and style of painting. Harlow's poor image, painted by himself, is here.

The Dutch and Flemish painters (despite its exquisite pots and pans, and cabbage and carrot, birch brooms, which can count on each branch, and carpets, you can count on each thread) does not interest me; landscapes also, quite naturally, are mere nature Dutch (with some brilliant exceptions), cattle fat, cut trees, louts, and windmills. Of course I'm not talking about Van Dyck, Rubens or, that "in the colors of the rainbow lived", or Rembrandt, the king of the clouds and shadows, but for my part, I give up everything Mieris, Netscher, Teniers and Gerard Douwe ever produced, by one of the Eden-like creations Claude, or one of the beautiful heads Guido - or simply for the pleasure of seeing Titian's Flora once a day, I would give a whole Dutchmen gallery, if any.
