Seven miles farther up the Niagara river, which we were now in, having left Ontario,
we landed at Queenstown, a small place right opposite Lewistown, U.S. Here Brock's monument
was erected and blown up. We then took rail seven miles, passed Drummondsville battle-ground,
and arrived at Clifton-house.

THE FALLS.

Oh my God! how I was stunned and unable to comprehend the vastness of the scene! It was not
until I reached Table Rock, and looked upon the fall of bright green water, that it came upon
me in its full might and majesty. It is overpowering to think that the outpourings of lakes
Superior, Huron, Erie, Michigan, and St. Clare, covering a surface of 150,000 square miles,
all roll down this 157 feet fall, with, it is said, sixteen times the power, deducting one-third
for waste, of all the water-power used in Great Britain. I wandered to and fro, and saw the
cataracts from all points of view. At the Great Horseshoe is decidedly the best view, near
Table Rock: you can see the rapids approaching the verge as if gathering strength to take the
giant leap. When the sun shines the rainbow appears like molten gold upon the spray; and when
the day is gloomy it crumbles away like snow, or like the front of a great chalk cliff. But
always does the mighty stream appear to die as it comes down. The rise of spray is great at
times. But enough.

Sunday morning, very early, I went down a spiral staircase leading to the foot of the Horseshoe
Fall, where I could have passed 153 feet behind the falling sheet, but I soon got wet, and
returned. Table Rock projects out many feet above this place, and will come down ere long,
as it is much cracked. I then visited an Episcopal church at Drummondsville, where the desperate
battle was fought--a beautiful village above the Falls--and heard a good sermon. Returned to
Clifton-house, and ascended to the promenade on the top, which is very commanding. After dinner,
with Mr. Parker, from the Caledonia Springs, on the Ottaway River--with whom, and his lovely
daughter, I had travelled from Toronto--I started by the ferry-boat for the American side.
This gave me another fine view, as we went close under them. On landing at the other side,
we had to ascend a ladder about 200 feet high. We ordered a carriage at the Cataract Hotel,
and drove to the whirlpool, four miles down the Rapids. This is an awful place, and indescribable.
We then walked over Bath Island and Iris (or Goat) Island: here again is a splendid view. We
saw Gull Island, where man has never been; and in the Rapids we saw the hull of the ship Detroit,
fitted up in 1841 for the purpose of being sent over the Falls, but she went to pieces before
she got over the Rapids. It got dark, and descending those long stairs, and crossing the Niagara
River, was not to my mind.
