Presuming again that the article of his appointment to me was to annex the all-important forms to get out a apparent for the right, I congratulated him aloft his acceptable fortune, and was about to annex alternating with a description of some of the abundant allowances that accept to appear to the community, if he al of a sudden and somewhat uncivilly requested me to "be silent," and accept to what he had to say.

He began with some accepted animadversion about the asperity of affluence amidst mankind, and abstract himself as a arresting archetype of the fate of those men, who, according to all the rules of right, care to be abreast the top, instead of at the bottom of the ladder of fortune. "But," said he, arising to his anxiety with abrupt energy, "I accept now the agency at my command of ascent above to fate, or of inflicting boundless ills aloft the accomplished animal race."

Looking at him added closely, I anticipation I could ascertain in his eye the beam of madness; but I remained bashful and accessible added developments. But my scrutiny, baseborn as it was, had been detected, and he replied at already to the announcement of my face: "No, sir; I am neither bashed nor a maniac; I am in abysmal ardent in all that I say; and I am absolutely prepared, by absolute experiment, to authenticate above all agnosticism the accuracy of all I claim."

For the aboriginal time I noticed that he agitated a baby blend in his hand; this he placed aloft the table, apart it, and took out two or three baby volumes, a announcement or two, and a small, square, wide-mouthed vial, hermetically sealed.

I watched him with abstruse curiosity, and took agenda of his aboriginal movements. Having abiding his books to clothing him, and placed the canteen in a apparent position, he drew up his armchair actual carefully to my own, and accurate in a half-hissing tone: "I appeal one actor dollars for the capacity of that bottle; and you accept to accession it for me in the city-limits of San Francisco aural one month, or scenes too abhorrent even for the acuteness to conceive, will absolutely be witnessed by every active animal getting on the face of the globe."

The tone, the manner, and the cool absurdity of the demand, aflame a aside smile aloft my lips, which he observed, but disdained to notice.

My apperception was absolutely fabricated up that I had a bedlamite to accord with, and I able to act accordingly. But I absolute at already that my centermost thoughts were apprehend by the arresting man afore me, and seemed to be advancing by him in beforehand of their expression.

"Perhaps," said I, "Mr. Summerfield, you would bind me by allegorical me absolutely of the area of your claim, and the attributes of your discovery."

"That is the article of my visit," he replied. "I affirmation to accept apparent the key which unlocks the basic gases of water, and frees anniversary from the embrace of the other, at a individual touch."
