
Presuming then that the object of his visit to me was to procure the necessary forms to get
out a patent for the right, I congratulated him upon his good fortune, and was about to branch
forth with a description of some of the great benefits that must ensue to the community, when
he suddenly and somewhat uncivilly requested me to "be silent," and listen to what he had to say.

He began with some general remarks about the inequality of fortune amongst mankind, and instanced
himself as a striking example of the fate of those men, who, according to all the rules of
right, ought to be near the top, instead of at the foot of the ladder of fortune. "But," said
he, springing to his feet with impulsive energy, "I have now the means at my command of rising
superior to fate, or of inflicting incalculable ills upon the whole human race."

Looking at him more closely, I thought I could detect in his eye the gleam of madness; but
I remained silent and awaited further developments. But my scrutiny, stolen as it was, had
been detected, and he replied at once to the expression of my face: "No, sir; I am neither
drunk nor a maniac; I am in deep earnest in all that I say; and I am fully prepared, by actual
experiment, to demonstrate beyond all doubt the truth of all I claim."

For the first time I noticed that he carried a small portmanteau in his hand; this he placed
upon the table, unlocked it, and took out two or three small volumes, a pamphlet or two, and
a small, square, wide-mouthed vial, hermetically sealed.

I watched him with profound curiosity, and took note of his slightest movements. Having arranged
his books to suit him, and placed the vial in a conspicuous position, he drew up his chair
very closely to my own, and uttered in a half-hissing tone: "I demand one million dollars for
the contents of that bottle; and you must raise it for me in the city of San Francisco within
one month, or scenes too terrible even for the imagination to conceive, will surely be witnessed
by every living human being on the face of the globe."

The tone, the manner, and the absurd extravagance of the demand, excited a faint smile upon
my lips, which he observed, but disdained to notice.

My mind was fully made up that I had a maniac to deal with, and I prepared to act accordingly.
But I ascertained at once that my inmost thoughts were read by the remarkable man before me,
and seemed to be anticipated by him in advance of their expression.

"Perhaps," said I, "Mr. Summerfield, you would oblige me by informing me fully of the grounds
of your claim, and the nature of your discovery."

"That is the object of my visit," he replied. "I claim to have discovered the key which unlocks
the constituent gases of water, and frees each from the embrace of the other, at a single touch."
