Quite frequently, if I gaze ahead to any thing, Fate steps in and decrees otherwise; I don't understand why it should, but it does. I had not even asked for these good ladies--like vastness on the unassuming, they were push upon me. One is Irais, the sugary vocalist of the summer, who I love as she warrants, but of who I absolutely considered I had glimpsed the last for not less than a year, when she composed and inquired if I would have her over Christmas, as her married man was out of kinds, and she didn't like him in that state. Neither manage I like ill husbands, so, full of understanding, I pleaded her to arrive, and here she is. And the other is Minora. 

Why I have to have Minora I don't understand, for I was not even cognizant of her reality a fortnight ago. Then approaching down agreeably one forenoon to breakfast--it was the very day after my come back from England--I discovered a note from an English ally, who up till then had been flawlessly innocuous, inquiring me to befriend Minora. I read the note out blaring for the advantage of the Man of Wrath, who was consuming Spickgans, a delicacy much searched after in these parts. "Do, my costly Elizabeth," composed my ally, "take some observe of the poor thing. She is revising art in Dresden, and has nowhere literally to proceed for Christmas. She is very determined and hardworking--" 

"Then," cut off the Man of Wrath, "she is not pretty. Only unattractive young women work hard." 

"--and she is actually very clever--" 

"I manage not like quick-witted young women, they are so stupid," afresh cut off the Man of Wrath. 

"--and except some kind animal like yourself takes shame on her she will be very lonely." 

"Then let her be lonely." 

"Her mother is my oldest ally, and would be substantially caused anguish to believe that her female child should be solely in a foreign village at such a season." 

"I manage not brain the anguish of the mother." 

"Oh, costly me," I called out intolerantly, "I will have to inquire her to come!" 

"If you should be inclined," the note went on, "to play the good Samaritan, costly Elizabeth, I am affirmative you would find Minora a brilliant, smart companion--" 

"Minora?" interrogated the Man of Wrath. 

The April baby, who has had a nursery governess of an entirely alarmingly zealous kind adhered to her individual for the last six weeks, looked up from her baked bread and milk. 

"It noise like islands," she commented pensively. 

The governess coughed. 

"Majora, Minora, Alderney, and Sark," clarified her pupil. 

I examined her severely. 

"If you are not very careful, April," I said, "you'll be a genius when you augment up and disgrace your parents." 

Miss Jones looked as though she did not like Germans. I am aghast she despises us because she conceives we are foreigners--an mind-set of brain rather British and wholly to her credit; but we, on the other hand, consider her as a foreigner, which, of course, makes things complicated.
