Quite regularly, if I look forward to something, Fate steps and decrees otherwise, I do not know why they should, but. I never even invited these good ladies - as modest greatness were thrust on me. One is Irais, Sweet summer singer, whom I love as she deserves, but I certainly thought I saw last for at least a year when she wrote and asked if I would have it over Christmas, as her husband was in kind, and she does not like him in this state. No I do not like bad husbands, so full of sympathy, I asked her to come, and it is here. And the other is minor.

Why do I have minors know that was not even aware of its existence two weeks ago. Then down cheerfully one morning at breakfast - was the very day after my return from England - I found a letter from an English friend, who until then had been perfectly harmless, asking me to befriend minor. I read the letter aloud for the benefit of Wrath man who was eating Spickgans, a much sought after delicacy in these parts. "No, my dear Elizabeth," wrote my friend, "taking some advice from poor She studied art in Dresden, and literally has nowhere to go for Christmas .. She is very ambitious and hardworking -

"Then," interrupted the Man of Wrath ", it is not enough. Only ugly girls work hard."

"- And she is really very clever -"

"I do not like smart girls, they are so stupid," again interrupted the Man of Wrath.

- And unless some creature like you have compassion, she will be very lonely. "

"Then let them be alone."

"Her mother is my oldest friend, and would have great difficulty believing that her daughter should be alone in a foreign city at such a season."

"I do not mind the mother's distress."

"Oh, dear me, I exclaimed impatiently," you have to ask to come! "

"If it should be inclined," the letter continued, "to play the good Samaritan, dear Elizabeth, I'm positive you would find a companion The minor bright, clever -

"Minor?" Man questioned Wrath.

April baby, who had a nursery governess for an all alarmingly zealous type attached to her person during the last six weeks, he looked at her bread and milk.

"It seems like islands," he remarked pensively.

Governess coughed.

"Staff, Juveniles, Alderney and Sark," explained her student.

I looked at it seriously.

"If you are not careful, in April, I said," you'll be an engineer when they grow up and disgrace your parents. "

Miss Jones looked as if she did not like Germans. I fear that we despise her because she thinks we are foreigners - an attitude of mind quite British and all her credit, but we, on the other hand, having them as a stranger, which of course makes things complicated.
