Quite regularly, if I look forward to anything, Fate steps
in and decrees otherwise; I don't know why it should, but it does. I had not even invited these
good ladies--like greatness on the modest, they were thrust upon me. One is Irais, the sweet
singer of the summer, whom I love as she deserves, but of whom I certainly thought I had seen
the last for at least a year, when she wrote and asked if I would have her over Christmas,
as her husband was out of sorts, and she didn't like him in that state. Neither do I like sick
husbands, so, full of sympathy, I begged her to come, and here she is. And the other is Minora.

Why I have to have Minora I don't know, for I was not even aware of her existence a fortnight
ago. Then coming down cheerfully one morning to breakfast--it was the very day after my return
from England--I found a letter from an English friend, who up till then had been perfectly
innocuous, asking me to befriend Minora. I read the letter aloud for the benefit of the Man
of Wrath, who was eating Spickgans, a delicacy much sought after in these parts. "Do, my dear
Elizabeth," wrote my friend, "take some notice of the poor thing. She is studying art in Dresden,
and has nowhere literally to go for Christmas. She is very ambitious and hardworking--"

"Then," interrupted the Man of Wrath, "she is not pretty. Only ugly girls work hard."

"--and she is really very clever--"

"I do not like clever girls, they are so stupid," again interrupted the Man of Wrath.

"--and unless some kind creature like yourself takes pity on her she will be very lonely."

"Then let her be lonely."

"Her mother is my oldest friend, and would be greatly distressed to think that her daughter
should be alone in a foreign town at such a season."

"I do not mind the distress of the mother."

"Oh, dear me," I exclaimed impatiently, "I shall have to ask her to come!"

"If you should be inclined," the letter went on, "to play the good Samaritan, dear Elizabeth,
I am positive you would find Minora a bright, intelligent companion--"

"Minora?" questioned the Man of Wrath.

The April baby, who has had a nursery governess of an altogether alarmingly zealous type attached
to her person for the last six weeks, looked up from her bread and milk.

"It sounds like islands," she remarked pensively.

The governess coughed.

"Majora, Minora, Alderney, and Sark," explained her pupil.

I looked at her severely.

"If you are not careful, April," I said, "you'll be a genius when you grow up and disgrace
your parents."

Miss Jones looked as though she did not like Germans. I am afraid she despises us because she
thinks we are foreigners--an attitude of mind quite British and wholly to her credit; but we,
on the other hand, regard her as a foreigner, which, of course, makes things complicated.
