The most durable thing is the greatest of any good thing.  Therefore, combining reasoning with personal experience, it is clear (in my opinion), that a fruit tree in a given location and soil, planted, pruned and tended as instructed here, shall last a thousand years.  Why therefore would we not put in the effort for a few years (it takes up to seven years for an Orchard to be ready to fruit from planting) in order to harvest such a long-lasting product?

(Concluded after thought and experience).  Let no one consider this odd; just use your brain.  I have apple trees in my small grove, which I have tended for forty years, whose age I cannot know - there are eighty-year old men who have known them all their lives.  When I began to tend these trees, they were gnarled and twisted; one of them had a gash in the trunk into which I could put my foot (this may eventually kill him), but nonetheless I believe that these trees are only two-thirds grown, based upon their current size in comparison to other trees.  I can see that they are stunted in many ways, just as other fruit trees have also been stunted by poor cultivation.

(Concerning the age of a tree).  If my trees are a century old but yet have another two centuries of growth to come, then we must conclude that growth is only a third of a trees life (based on the observation that all living things grow for a third of their lives, stand for a third and then decay for a third).  This means a fruit tree will live for nine hundred years; three hundred growing, three hundred standing and three hundred decaying.  Yet I believe, and belief will have to do as no person will see the full life of a tree, that I have understood the life cycle of the tree.  Think about the lives of other living things; horses and oxes often die early, but grow twice as fast.  But just as a tree, a dog grows for a third of its life, lives for a third of its life and then decays for a third.

(Regarding Man's age).  Everything that lives spends the shortest part its life in growing, and so that must be the case with trees.
