Of good things the greatest, and most durable is alwaies the best. If therefore out
of reason grounded vpon experience, it be made (I thinke) manifest, but I am sure probable,
that a fruit tree in such a soile and site, as is described so planted and trimmed and kept,
as is afore appointed and duely foiled, shall dure 1000 yeeres, why should we not take paines,
and be at two or three yeeres charges (for vnder seuen yeeres will an Orchard be perfected
for the first planting, and in that time be brought to fruit) to reape such a commodity and
so long lasting.

{SN: Gathered by reason out of experience.} Let no man thinke this to be strange, but peruse
and consider the reason. I haue Apple trees standing in my little Orchard, which I haue knowne
these forty yeeres, whose age before my time I cannot learne, it is beyond memory, tho I haue
enquired of diuers aged men of 80. yeeres and vpwards: these trees although come into my possession
very euill ordered, mishapen, and one of them wounded to his heart, and that deadly (for I
know it will be his death) with a wound, wherein I might haue put my foot in the heart of his
bulke (now it is lesse) notwithstanding, with that small regard they haue had since, they so
like, that I assure my selfe they are not come to their growth by more then 2. parts of 3.
which I discerne not onely by their owne growth, but also by comparing them with the bulke
of other trees. And I find them short (at least) by so many parts in bignesse, although I know
those other fruit-trees to haue beene much hindred in their stature by euill guiding. Herehence
I gather thus.

{SN: Parts of a trees age.} If my trees be a hundred yeeres old, and yet want two hundred of
their growth before they leaue encreasing, which make three hundred, then we must needs resolue,
that this three hundred yeere are but the third part of a Trees life, because (as all things
liuing besides) so trees must haue allowed them for their increase one third, another third
for their stand, and a third part of time also for their decay. All which time of a Tree amounts
to nine hundred yeeres, three hundred for increase, three hundred for his stand, whereof we
haue the terme stature, and three hundred for his decay, and yet I thinke (for we must coniecture
by comparing, because no one man liueth to see the full age of trees) I am within the compasse
of his age, supposing alwaies the foresaid meanes of preseruing his life. Consider the age
of other liuing creatures. The Horse and moiled Oxe wrought to an vntimely death, yet double
the time of their increase. A Dog likewise increaseth three, stanns three at least, end in
as many (or rather moe) decayes.

{SN: Mans age.} Euery liuing thing bestowes the least part of his age in his growth, and so
must it needs be with trees.
