No
sooner did I smell the balm of the pine trees than my heart resigned itself, with exquisite
indecision, to the thoughts of Francine Joliet and the memories of Mary Ashburton. I glanced
at Berkley: he seemed, in Scotch clothes, a little less impenetrable than he had appeared in
white cravat and dress-gloves. I cannot restrain my confidences when a man is near me: I buttonholed
Sylvester, and I made the plunge. "I used to talk of the Alt-Schloss," I murmured, "with one
whom I have lost."

"Ah, I comprehend: with my late uncle, perhaps."

"No, sir, not with any cynic in a tub, but with a maiden in her flower. It was one of the best
points I made with Miss Ashburton."

"The Alt-Schloss is indeed a picturesque construction," said the diplomate, by way of generally
inviting my confidence.

"We were conversing about the poems of Salis and Matthisson," I pursued. "I had in my pocket
a little translation of Salis's song entitled 'The Silent Land,' and endeavored to bend the
dialogue in a suitable direction, but these allusions are incredibly hard to introduce in conversation,
and we happened to stray upon Baden-Baden. I asked Miss Ashburton if she had been here, and
she answered, 'Yes, the last summer.' 'And you have not forgotten?' I suggested--'The old castle,'
she rejoined. 'Of course not. What a magnificent ruin it is!'"

"What tact your friend displayed," said Berkley, "to feign utter unconsciousness of the green
tables, and see nothing but ruins in Baden-Baden!"

"Permit me to say," I replied quickly, "that it is not agreeable to me to have that lady alluded
to, however distantly, in connection with gambling-tables. The Ashburtons had been probably
drinking the waters, for her mother was noticeably stout and florid. But to continue with the
poets. I explained to her that the ruins of the Alt-Schloss had suggested to Matthisson a poem
in imitation of an English masterpiece. Matthisson made a study of Gray's 'Elegy,' and from
it produced his 'Elegy on the Ruins of an Ancient Castle.' Miss Ashburton became nationally
enthusiastic, and said she should like very much to see the poem. Her wish was usually my law,
but the translation of the other song being in my pocket, I was obliged to palm it off upon
her; and after conceding that Matthisson had written his 'Elegy' with unwonted inspiration,
I sailed in upon that tide of feeling--with a slight inconsequence, to be sure--and declaimed
my version from Salis. Miss Ashburton, sir, was obliged to turn away to hide her tears."

"I used to hear from my uncle of your attachment," said Sylvester, with his politest air of
condolence, "and I assure you my opinion ever has been that your feelings did you honor. Nothing,
in my view, is so becoming to gray hairs and the evening of life as fidelity to a first passion."
