No quicker did I odor the balm of the pine trees than my mind reconciled itself, with exquisite indecision, to the thoughts of Francine Joliet and the recollections of Mary Ashburton. I glanced at Berkley: he seemed, in Scotch garments, a slight less impassable than he had appeared in fair cravat and dress-gloves. I cannot hold back my confidences when a man is close to me: I buttonholed Sylvester, and I prepared the thrust. "I used to chat of the Alt-Schloss," I murmured, "with one whom I have missing." 

"Ah, I realize: with my late uncle, maybe." 

"No, sir, not with some cynic in a tub, but with a maiden in her blossom. It was one of the finest points I completed with Miss Ashburton." 

"The Alt-Schloss is certainly a charming structure," said the ambassador, by way of usually appealing my poise. 

"We were conversing about the verse of Salis and Matthisson," I pursued. "I had in my pouch a small paraphrase of Salis's song entitled 'The Silent Land,' and endeavored to bow the conversation in an appropriate way, but these allusions are extremely stiff to bring in chat, and we happened to stray upon Baden-Baden. I asked Miss Ashburton if she had been here, and she answered, 'Yes, the previous summer.' 'And you have not forgotten?' I suggested--'The aged fortress,' she rejoined. 'Of course not. What a superb damage it is!'" 

"What judgment your companion displayed," said Berkley, "to put on absolute coma of the green tables, and see nothing but ruins in Baden-Baden!" 

"Allow me to speak," I replied rapidly, "that it is not pleasing to me to have that woman alluded to, though faintly, in association with gambling-tables. The Ashburtons had been most likely drinking the waters, for her mother was clearly solid and florid. But to carry on with the poets. I explained to her that the remains of the Alt-Schloss had recommended to Matthisson a verse in replication of an English masterwork. Matthisson finished a learning of Gray's 'Elegy,' and from it shaped his 'Elegy on the Ruins of an Ancient Castle.' Miss Ashburton became countrywide enthusiastic, and said she should like very much to see the poem. Her desire was usually my law, but the conversion of the other song being in my pocket, I was grateful to palm it off upon her; and after granting that Matthisson had written his 'Elegy' with unusual motivation, I sailed in upon that surge of feeling--with a minor inconsequence, to be sure--and declaimed my edition as of Salis. Miss Ashburton, sir, was grateful to twist away to cover her cry." 

"I used to listen from my uncle of your affection," said Sylvester, with his politest air of sympathy, "and I promise you my view ever has been that your thoughts did you respect. Nothing, in my vision, is so becoming to gray hairs and the sunset of life as fidelity to a first obsession."
