The horses in the stables were made either out or dead, and nothing would have been easier to have set fire to the houses, thereby ensuring the destruction of all the Christines. From this measure bloody, one or Valmaseda Cabrera probably would not have hesitated to adopt Zumalacárregui abstained. "I did not agree," says his biographer, "with the principles of fairness and justice that he observed in relation to the villages and their inhabitants, from which we can only infer that the burning alive of five hundred soldiers Christines could have been carried out without damaging homes or farmers, would have been either an acceptable sacrifice for the Carlist chief.

When calculated on the full benefits of this expedition had been obtained, the retreat was sounded, and, forming his men as quickly, Zumalacárregui marched quickly away, carrying weapons, horses and prisoners which had been taken. With all his haste, however, starting early the next day and Oraa Lorenzo is at his heels, but the cautious Carlist had omitted no precaution, and in anticipation of a prosecution, had ordered four battalions to meet him in neighboring switch Lizarraga, consequently, where he found awaiting their arrival, and immediately prepared to give a warm reception Christines. The latter, on arriving in front of the position, probably as being too formidable to attack one, it immediately withdrew, leaving Zumalacárregui in the peaceful enjoyment of a victory that greatly increased his reputation and trust of his followers.

Quesada, who succeeded Valdes in command of the army of the queen, was the first to introduce the horrible system of retaliation, or rather should say, sometimes, for cruelty to prisoners. Valdés, had done little to stop the war, had at least not poisoned or rendered more ferocious character of what he had found. Despite the fact that it was impossible to suspect him of any inclination towards his opponents, he always showed great moderation and humanity, and made the Carlist wounded who fell into their hands to be treated as carefully as if they were their own men. Quesada, in the angry hand, with the failure of some attempts were made to seduce Zumalacárregui and Carlist leaders then others, their obedience to Him they called their king, and acting under the influence of a provision many events of his life proved sufficiently cruel and bloodthirsty, just had assumed command when the signal was given of retaliation, shooting the officer Carlist Pamplona, Don Juan Hugalde, although Zumalacárregui had offered to give an officer and two Christino sergeants to change it.
