Break his power as a political partner of
the Republican party now--and of the Democratic party should it succeed to office--and every
ambitious politician in the West will rebel against his throne. Break his power to control
the channels of public communication through interested politicians and commercial agencies,
and the sentiment of the civilized world will join with the revolt of the "American movement"
in Utah to overthrow his tyrannies. Break his connection with the illegal trusts and combines
of the United States, and his financial power will cease to be a terror and a menace to the
industry and commerce of the intermountain country.

The nation owes Utah such a rectification, for the nation has been, in this matter, a chief
sinner and a strong encourager of sin. President Theodore Roosevelt, representing the majesty
of the Republic, stayed us when we might have won our own liberties in the revolt that was
provoked by the election of Senator Apostle Reed Smoot. Misled by political and personal advisers,
the President procured delays in the Smoot investigation. He seduced senators from their convictions.
He certified the ambassador from the Kingdom of God as a qualified senator of the United States.
He gave the hand of fellowship to Joseph, the tyrant of the Kingdom. He rebuked our friends
and his own, in their struggle for our freedom, by warning them that they were raising the
flag of a religious warfare. He filled the Mormon priests with the belief that they might proceed
unrestrainedly to the sacrifice of women and children upon the polygamous altar, to the absolute
rule of politics in the intermountain states, and to the commercial exploitation of their community
in partnership with the trusts. The one policy that President Taft seems to have accepted unimpaired
from his predecessor is this same respect for the power of the Mormon kingdom. In his placid
but wholehearted way he has encouraged his co-ordinate ruler, the Mormon Prophet, and extended
the Executive license to the support and inevitable increase of these religious tyrannies of
the Mormon hierarchs which now the people of Utah, unaided, are wholly unable to combat.

And the nation owes such a rectification not only to Utah, but also to itself. The commercial
and financial Plunderbund that is now preying upon the whole country is sustained at Washington
by the agents of the Mormon Church. The Prophet not only delivers his own subjects up to pillage;
he helps to deliver the people of the entire United States. His senators are not representatives
of a political party; they are the tools of "the Interests" that are his partners. The shameful
conditions in Utah are not isolated and peculiar to that state; they are largely the result
of national conditions and they have a national effect.
