One must break his power as a political associate of the Republican Party now--and of the Democratic Party should it make it to office--and every determined politician in the West will rebel in opposition to his throne. Split his power to control the channels of public communication through interested politicians and profitable agencies, and the feeling of the civilized world will join with the uprising of the "American movement" in Utah to cause the downfall of to his tyrannies. Shatter his union with the illegal trusts and combines of the United States, and his financial power will cease to be a terror and a threat to the industry and commerce of the intermountain nation.
This very country owes Utah such a modification, for the nation as a whole has been, in this subject, a chief offender and an advocate of sin. Former President Theodore Roosevelt, representing the highest office of the Republic, resided us when our capacity could have won our own independence in the revolt that was provoked by the voting of Senator Apostle Reed Smoot. Given the wrong impression by political and his personal advisers, the President secured delays in the Smoot inquiry. He tried to seduce senators from their convictions. He also certified and endorsed the ambassador from the Kingdom of God as a competent senator of the United States. What he did again was he gave the hand of companionship to Joseph, the oppressor of the Kingdom. He hauled over the coals of our friends and his own, in their fight for our freedom, by warning them that they were raising the flag of a religious combat. He filled the Mormon priests with the conviction that they might carry on immoderately to the sacrifice of women and children upon the polygamous altar, to the absolute rule of political principles in the intermountain states, and to the commercial development of their community in joint venture with the trusts. The number one policy that President Taft seems to have acknowledged unimpaired from his forerunner is this very same respect for the command of the Mormon kingdom. In his good-natured but wholehearted way he has encouraged and convinced his co-ordinate leader, the Mormon spiritualist, and extended the Executive license to the support and inevitable increase of these religious tyrannies of the Mormon hierarchs which now the people of Utah, without help, are wholly unable to fight. 
And the country owes such a rectification not only to Utah, but also to the nation itself. The profit-making and financial Plunder bund that is now marauding upon the whole nation is constant at Washington by the agents of the Mormon house of worship. The Prophet not only delivers his own subjects up to embezzle; he helps to set free the people of the entire United States. His senators are not legislative body of a political party; they are the apparatus of "the Interests" that are his associates. The disgraceful conditions in Utah are not remote and weird to that state; they are largely the result of nationwide conditions and they have a general effect.
