Most males, these days, must work in order to stay alive.  They have little else, of value, besides their ability to perform employment related tasks in exchange for a "liveable" income.  And, receiving a "liveable" income for the work that they do, or even gaining employment to start with, proves to be a challenge for many.  Dwindling away are the days when a man would own property, and that property would secure him financially.

On the other hand, a woman without property does not automatically equal less of an ability for her to survive.  And, if a woman should be displeased with her earnings, relative to the work that she performs, she always has her femininity to fall back on.  A woman always has a marketable commodity right at her fingertips (or between her legs), and that's her ability to please others through sexual acts.  This, along with the fact that woman aren't often seen in the same desperate social situations as men, shows us that it is women who have a higher economic position than men.

Let's take a look forward.  The traditional interaction of the two genders has changed dramatically over time.  How people socialize, form relationships, marry and create families have all undergone a transformation within these last generations.Many things have contributed to these changes.  

Let us consider industrialization.  When changes occured in this arena they had societal implications.  For instance, many domesticated tasks were now able to be carried out in a factory or a mill.  This created jobs.  Women flocked to these jobs.  They were no longer chained and bound to the confounds of their home or their farm.  Now, able to become gainfully employed, the females' financial dependency on a man is lessened.  With this newfound independence, a woman gains increased self awareness and value.  She feels empowered.  She believes that she has more options.  She can be more selective, even going so far as carrying out the traditionally male role of selecting her mate for herself.  

We follow this path to today's world. where women are competing with men in the workforce.  They are making demands when it comes to wages and when it comes to the men that they engage themselves with.  Women are coupling with men, not so much because there is a certain personal chemistry there, but it's more about a financial equation.  And, let us not forget that choosing the right financial mate, to marry, means gaining that desired social approval.

Taking a cue from history, the only thing that we can be sure of is that our social values have wavered, and they will continue to do so.  A modern example of this is the war.  The war took only 12 months to drastically change the tradition of some of our institutions.  We look to the continuation of the war to further change our society in economical and social ways.  As a result of the great disturbance bought on by this war we anticipate a change, or an irradication, of many of our social institutions.  We can take a look at history to confirm, or disprove, this.
