The enemy were able to warm to their work and made an angry charge due to the missiles being exhausted.Thanks largely to their great height and the long spears which they carried they were able to thrust the spears from some considerable distance at our men who were struggling about in the marsh. Whilst this was all going on a strong column of Batavi swam across from the dam which had been built out in the Rhine. This then started a panic and our line was driven back untill the legions started fighting with us equalizing matters by stopping the enemies wild and angry charge. A Batavian deserter swore that he could take the enemy from the rear as the ground was solid there and the Cugemi who were keeping watch were off their guard. Two squadrons of horses were sent with the Batavian deserter and successfully outflanked the enemy. This made the legions redouble their efforts and the Germans were conquered and subsequently fled to the Rhine. Had the Roman fleet arrived in time it may well of brought the war to an end however even the cavalry were prevented from pursuing their enemy due to heavy rainfall just before night fell.

The next day the Fourteenth legion were sent to join Annius Gallus in upper Germany and their place in Ceralis' army was replaced by the tenth from Spain. Civilis' was reinforced by the Chauci but he felt that he was not strong enough to hold onto the Batavian capital, so he took whatever was portable and burnt everything else and fell back retiring to the island. This was a clever move as he knew that the Romans did not have enough ships to build a bridge and that they were unable to get across through any other way,he also destroyed the mole built by Druscus Germanicus to divert water into a canal.As the river bed of the Rhine here falls towards gaul his removal of obstacles allowed it free course.The channel between the Germans and the island became so small as a result that there was now no barrier between them. Tutor and Classicus also crossed the Rhine with a hundred and thirteen town councillors from Trier.One of these men was Alpinius Montanus who had been sent by Antonius Primus into Gaul, he was accompanied by his brother. The others were also busy rallying reinforcements among these adventurous tribes by offering gifts and compassion.

The war was far from over, by dividing his forces Civilis made a simultaneous attack on all of the four Roman garrisons.These being the tenth at Arenacum, the second at Batavodurum, the auxiliary horse and foot at Grinnes and the auxiliary horse and foot at Vada.Civilis,Verax,Classicus and Tutor each led one of the attacking parties.
