
Their missiles exhausted, the enemy warmed to their work and made       18 an angry charge.
Thanks to their great height and their very long spears they could thrust from some distance
at our men, who were floundering and slipping about in the marsh. While this went on, a column[530]
of Batavi swam across from the dam which, as we described above,[531] had been built out into
the Rhine. This started a panic and the line of our auxiliaries began to be driven back. Then
the legions took up the fight and equalized matters by staying the enemy's wild charge. Meanwhile
a Batavian deserter approached Cerialis, avowing that he could take the enemy in the rear if
the cavalry were sent round the edge of the swamp: the ground was solid there, and the Cugerni,
whose task it was to keep watch, were off their guard. Two squadrons of horse were sent with
the deserter, and succeeded in outflanking the unsuspecting enemy. The legions in front, when
the din told them what had happened, redoubled their efforts. The Germans were beaten and fled
to the Rhine. This day might have brought the war to an end, had the Roman fleet[532] arrived
in time. As it was, even the cavalry were prevented from pursuit by a sudden downpour of rain
shortly before nightfall.

On the next day the Fourteenth legion were sent to join Annius          19 Gallus[533] in Upper
Germany, and their place in Cerialis' army was filled by the Tenth from Spain. Civilis was
reinforced by the Chauci.[534] Feeling that he was not strong enough to hold the Batavian capital,[535]
he took whatever was portable with him, burnt everything else, and retired into the island.
He knew that the Romans had not enough ships to build a bridge, and that they had no other
means of getting across. He also destroyed the mole built by Drusus Germanicus.[536] As the
bed of the Rhine here falls towards Gaul, his removal of all obstacles gave it free course;
the river was practically diverted, and the channel between the Germans and the island became
so small and dry as to form no barrier between them. Tutor and Classicus also crossed the Rhine,[537]
together with a hundred and thirteen town-councillors from Trier, among whom was Alpinius Montanus,
who, as we have already seen,[538] had been sent by Antonius Primus into Gaul. He was accompanied
by his brother. By arousing sympathy and by offering presents, the others, too, were all busy
raising reinforcements among these eagerly adventurous tribes.

The war was far from being over. Dividing his forces, Civilis           20 suddenly made a
simultaneous attack on all four Roman garrisons--the Tenth at Arenacum, the Second at Batavodurum,
and the auxiliary horse and foot at Grinnes and at Vada.[539] Civilis himself, Verax his nephew,
Classicus and Tutor each led one of the attacking parties.
