First, Among the  persons  of  grade   nations   inside  the Mediterranean  district,   encompassing  Spaniards, Italians, Greeks, Moors, and the Mediterranean islanders,  very dark  hair with dark eyes is  nearly  universal, scarcely, one  individual  in some hundreds  giving  an  exclusion  to this  comment  with this  hue  of the hair and eyes is conjoined a complexion of brownish white, which the French call the  hue  of brunettes. We  should  observe, that  all through  all the zones into which we have  split up  the European  district,   alike  complexions to this of the Mediterranean  nations  are  rarely   glimpsed  The  features,   really,  of  weather  are not so  varied,  but that even the  identical  plants are  discovered  sporadically, in the North of Europe as in the Alps and Pyrenees. But if we make a  evaluation  between the  common   hues  of  large   figures,  we can  effortlessly   find  a succession of shades or of  distinct  hues. 
Secondly, In the southernmost of the three zones, to the northward of the Pyreno-Alpine line, namely, in the latitude of France, the  widespread   shade of colour  of the hair is a chestnut  earth  colour  sheltering,    to which the complexion and the  shade of colour  of the eyes  withstand  a certain relation. 
   Thirdly, In the  to the north   components  of Germany, England, in Denmark, Finland and a  large  part of Russia, the xanthous  kind,   powerfully   assessed,  is  common  The Danes have  habitually  been  renowned  as a  persons  of florid complexion,  azure  eyes, and yellow hair The Hollanders were termed by Silius Italicus, "Auricomi Batavi," the golden haired Batavians, and Linnæus has  characterised  the Finns as a tribe  differentiated  by "capillis flavis prolixis." 
Fourthly, In the  to the north   partition  we find the Norwegians and Swedes to be  usually   big,  white haired men, with  lightweight  gray eyes  individual  characteristics   so  common  to the northward of the Baltic, that Linnæus has  particular  them in a  delineation  of the inhabitants of Swedish Gothland. We have then to the northward of Mount Atlas, four well  assessed   diversity  of human complexion  doing well  each other, and in  accurate   agreement  with the gradations of latitude and of  weather  from south to north. The  persons  are  therefore  far  almost  white in the  hue  of their skin, but in the more southerly of the three  districts   overhead   characterised,  with a  blend  of  dark,  or of the complexion of brunettes, or  for example  we  period  swarthy or sallow persons. 
Fifthly, In the next  district,  to the southward of Atlas, the native inhabitants, are the "gentes sub fusci coloris" of Leo, and the immigrant Arabs in the  identical   homeland  are, as we have  glimpsed  by abundant testimonies, of a  alike  high  dark  hue, but  changing  between that and a  flawless  black. 
 Sixthly, With the tropic and the latitude of the Senegal,  commences  the  territory  of predominant and  virtually  universal  pitch black,  and this  carries on,  if we  enclose   us  to the  small  and  basic   nations,  through all inter tropical Africa.
