
First, Among the people of level countries within the Mediterranean region, including Spaniards,
Italians, Greeks, Moors, and the Mediterranean islanders, black hair with dark eyes is almost
universal, scarcely, one person in some hundreds presenting an exception to this remark with
this colour of the hair and eyes is conjoined a complexion of brownish white, which the French
call the colour of brunettes. We must observe, that throughout all the zones into which we
have divided the European region, similar complexions to this of the Mediterranean countries
are occasionally seen The qualities, indeed, of climate are not so diverse, but that even the
same plants are found sporadically, in the North of Europe as in the Alps and Pyrenees. But
if we make a comparison between the prevalent colours of great numbers, we can easily trace
a succession of shades or of different hues.

Secondly, In the southernmost of the three zones, to the northward of the Pyreno-Alpine line,
namely, in the latitude of France, the prevalent colour of the hair is a chestnut brown, to
which the complexion and the colour of the eyes bear a certain relation.

Thirdly, In the northern parts of Germany, England, in Denmark, Finland and a great part of
Russia, the xanthous variety, strongly marked, is prevalent The Danes have always been known
as a people of florid complexion, blue eyes, and yellow hair The Hollanders were termed by
Silius Italicus, "Auricomi Batavi," the golden haired Batavians, and Linnæus has defined the
Finns as a tribe distinguished by "capillis flavis prolixis."

Fourthly, In the northern division we find the Norwegians and Swedes to be generally tall,
white haired men, with light gray eyes characters so frequent to the northward of the Baltic,
that Linnæus has specified them in a definition of the inhabitants of Swedish Gothland. We
have then to the northward of Mount Atlas, four well marked varieties of human complexion succeeding
each other, and in exact accordance with the gradations of latitude and of climate from south
to north. The people are thus far nearly white in the colour of their skin, but in the more
southerly of the three regions above defined, with a mixture of brown, or of the complexion
of brunettes, or such as we term swarthy or sallow persons.

Fifthly, In the next region, to the southward of Atlas, the native inhabitants, are the "gentes
sub fusci coloris" of Leo, and the immigrant Arabs in the same country are, as we have seen
by abundant testimonies, of a similar high brown hue, but varying between that and a perfect black.

Sixthly, With the tropic and the latitude of the Senegal, begins the region of predominant
and almost universal black, and this continues, if we confine ourselves to the low and plain
countries, through all inter tropical Africa.
