First, among people of countries at the Mediterranean, including Spaniards, Italians, Greeks, Moors, and the Mediterranean Islands, black hair, black eyes, is almost universal, only a few hundred person submitting an exception to this observation, with the hair and eye color is brown and white conjoined a foundation for which the French call brunette color. We must observe that in all areas where we have divided the European region, the skin similar to that of Mediterranean countries are considered occasional qualities, indeed, the climate is not so different, but that even plants are rarely the same in northern Europe as the Alps and Pyrenees. But if we compare the predominant colors of large numbers, we can easily follow a succession of different tints or shades.

Secondly, the southernmost of the three areas, north-Alpine Pyreno line, namely, the north of France, the predominant color is a chestnut brown hair, skin and eye color which bears a certain relationship.

Thirdly, in the north of Germany, England, Denmark, Finland and much of Russia, yellow variety, strongly marked, is common Danes were always known as a people ruddy complexion, blue eyes, yellow Hollanders hair and was called by Silius Apennine, "Auricomi Batavia, Batavians gold hair, and Linnaeus defined as a tribe distinguished Finnish" capillis Flavis prolixis. "

Fourthly, the northern division Norwegians and Swedes find to be generally high, white-haired men with light gray eyes characters so common north of the Baltic Sea, which Linnaeus has specified a definition Gothland inhabitants of Swedish. We then varieties north of Mount Atlas, four well marked another successful human skin, and in accordance with graduations exact latitude and climate from south to north. People are so far almost white color of their skin, but in the south, more of the three regions defined above, with a mixture of brown, or skin of the brunettes, or call people like dark or sallow.

Fifthly, the next region, south of the Atlas, people are gentes "under fuscata coloris" by Leo, and Arab immigrants in the same country are, as we have seen abundant evidence, similar high-brown hue, but varying between that and a perfect black.

Sixthly, The Trophy and north of Senegal, the region starts prevailing and almost universally black, and it will continue, if we confine ourselves to low and simple country, with all other tropical Africa.
