This gentleman
has probably chosen to have his name withheld, being more willing to act benevolently than
to have his good deeds blazoned; and yet, stranger as he needs must be, there are many English
readers to whom it would have been gratifying, could they have given to such a person "a local
habitation and a name." When Lucretia was made acquainted with his intention, the joy was almost
greater than she could bear. As soon as preparations could be made, she left home, and was
placed at the "Troy Female Seminary," under the instruction of Mrs. Willard. There she had
all the advantages for which she had hungered and thirsted; and, like one who had long hungered
and thirsted, she devoured them with fatal eagerness. Her application was incessant; and its
effects on her constitution, already somewhat debilitated by previous disease, became apparent
in increased nervous sensibility. Her letters at this time exhibit the two extremes of feeling
in a marked degree. They abound in the most sprightly or most gloomy speculations, bright hopes
and lively fancies, or despairing fears and gloomy forebodings. In one of her letters from
this seminary, she writes thus to her mother: "I hope you will feel no uneasiness as to my
health or happiness; for, save the thoughts of my dear mother and her lonely life, and the
idea that my dear father is slaving himself, and wearing out his very life, to earn a subsistence
for his family--save these thoughts (and I can assure you, mother, they come not seldom), I
am happy. Oh! how often I think, if I could have but one-half the means I now expend, and be
at liberty to divide that with mamma, how happy I should be!--cheer up and keep good courage."
In another, she says: "Oh! I am so happy, so contented now, that every unusual movement startles
me. I am constantly afraid that something will happen to mar it." Again, she says: "I hope
the expectations of my friends will not be disappointed: but I am afraid you all calculate
upon too much. I hope not, for I am not capable of much. I can study and be industrious; but
I fear I shall not equal the hopes which you say are raised." The story of Kirke White should
operate not more as an example than a warning; but the example is followed and the warning
overlooked. Stimulants are administered to minds which are already in a state of feverish excitement.

During the vacation, in which she returned home, she had a serious illness, which left her
feeble and more sensitive than ever. On her recovery she was placed at the school of Miss Gilbert,
in Albany; and there, in a short time, a more alarming illness brought her to the very borders
of the grave. Before she entered upon her intemperate course of application at Troy, her verses
show that she felt a want of joyous and healthy feeling--a sense of decay.
