The gentleman withheld his name to be able to act more benevolently instead of having his deeds blazoned.  Most would have done just the opposite to have the gratification.  When Lucretia was made aware of his intention the joy was almost greater than she could bear.  She left home, as soon as preparations could be made, and was placed in the "Troy Female Seminary" under Mrs. Willard’s care.  There she had the many advantages that she wanted and used them with fatal eagerness.  Her application was incessant but because of debilitated disease from a previous time, became apparent by increased nervous sensibility.  Her letters at this time showed two extremes of feelings.  They showed gloomy speculations, bright hopes and lively fancies or despairing fears and gloomy forebodings.  In one of her letters, written to her mother during her stay in the seminary, she writes, “I hope you will feel no uneasiness as to my health or happiness; for, save the thoughts of my dear mother and her lonely life, and the idea of that my dear father is slaving himself, and wearing out his very life, to earn a subsistence for his family--save these thoughts (and I can assure you, mother, they come not seldom), I am happy. Oh! how often I think, if I could have but one-half the means I now expend, and be at liberty to divide that with mamma, how happy I should be!--cheer us an keep good courage."  In another letter she says, "Oh! I am so happy, so contented now, that every unusual movements startles me. I am constantly afraid that something will happen to mar it."  Another time she says, "I hope the expectations of my friends will not be disappointed: but I am afraid you all calculate upon too much. I hope not, for I am not capable of much. I can study and be industrious; but I fear I shall not equal the hopes which you say are raised."  The story of Kirke White should act more as an example than a warning but the example is followed and the warning never followed.  Stimulants are given to minds that are already in a state of excitement.

During the vacation she had a serious illness and had to return home.  This left her feeble and more sensitive than ever.  Upon her recovery she was places at the school of Miss Gilbert, in Albany.  Not long after an alarming illness brought her to her grave.  Before she started her course of application at Troy, her verses showed that she felt a want for joy and health, a sense of decay.
