After much chastisement he  habitually   dropped   ill,  and lay some time in mortal danger. "When I was seven years  vintage  my  dad  and my mother were then  dwelling  apart--my kinsfolk  very resolute,  for some  cause  or other, to give over  drubbing  me, though perchance a  feel  of the whip might then have  finished  me no harm. But ill-fortune was ever hovering  round  me; she let my tribulation take a  distinct   form,  but she did not  eliminate  it. My  dad,  having  chartered  a  dwelling,  took me and my mother and my  auntie  to  reside  with him, and made me  habitually   escort  him in his rounds about the city. On this account I, being taken at this tender age with my  feeble  body from a life of  unconditional  rest and put to hard and  unchanging  work, was  grabbed  at the  starting  of my eighth year with dysentery and  high  warmth,   an  complaint  which was at that time  outbreak  in our city. Moreover I had  consumed  by stealth a  huge   amount  of  tart  grapes. But after I had been  travelled to  by the physicians, Bernabo della Croce and Angelo Gyra, there  appeared  to be some  wish  of my recovery, albeit both my parents, and my  auntie  as well, had  currently  bewept me as one dead.

"At this time of the year my dad, who was at heart a man of piety, was minded to invoke the divine aid of San Girolamo (commending me to the care of the Saint in his prayers) other than believe to the employed of that well renowned essence which, as he was wont to affirm in an open way, was certainly in attendance upon him. The cause of this change in his remedy of me I not ever nurtured to inquire. It was throughout the time of my recovery from this sickness, that the French commemorated their triumph after beating the Venetians on the banks of the Adda, which scene I was permitted to observer from my window.[16] After this my dad set free me of the task of going with him on his rounds. But the wrath of Juno was not yet exhausted; for, before I had completely retrieved my wellbeing, I dropped down-stairs (we were then dwelling in the Via dei Maini), with a mallet in my hand, and by this misfortune I injure the left edge of my forehead, hurting the skeletal part and initating a blemish which continues to this day. Before I had retrieved from this accident I was seated on the threshold of the dwelling when a pebble, about as long and as very broad as a nut, dropped down from the peak of a high dwelling next doorway and hurt my head just where my hair increased very heavily on the left side.
