The pride of the Russians did not suffer in consequence.

While poetry naturally precedes dramatic art, the drama, on the other hand, cannot attain any
degree of excellence where the theater is in such a miserable state. It is now scarcely half
a century since the effort was begun to remove the total want of scientific culture in the
Russian nation, but what are fifty years for such a purpose, in so enormous a country? The
number of those who have received the scientific stimulus and been carried to a degree of intellectual
refinement is very small, and the happy accident by which a man of genius appears among the
small number must be very rare. And in this connection it is noteworthy, that the Russian who
feels himself called to artistic production almost always shows a tendency to epic composition.

The difficulties of form appear terrible to the Russian. In romance-writing the form embarrasses
him less, and accordingly they almost all throw themselves into the making of novels.

As is generally the case in the beginning of every nation's literature, any writer in Russia
is taken for a miracle, and regarded with stupor. The dramatist Kukolnik is an example of this.
He has written a great deal for the theater, but nothing in him is to be praised so much as
his zeal in imitation. It must be admitted that in this he possesses a remarkable degree of
dexterity. He soon turned to the favorite sphere of romance writing, but in this also he manifests
the national weakness. In every one of his countless works the most striking feature is the
lack of organization. They were begun and completed without their author's ever thinking out
a plot, or its mode of treatment.

Kukolnik's "Alf and Adona," in which at least one hundred and fifty characters are brought
upon the stage, has not one whose appearance is designed to concentrate the interest of the
audience. Each comes in to show himself, and goes out not to be in the way any longer. Everything
is described and explained with equal minuteness, from the pile of cabbages by the wayside,
to the murder of a prince; and instead of a historical action there is nothing but unconnected
details. The same is the case with his "Eveline and Baillerole," in which Cardinal Richelieu
is represented as a destroyer of the aristocracy, and which also is made up of countless unconnected
scenes, that in part are certainly done with some neatness. These remarks apply to the works
of Iwan Wanenko and I. Boriczewski, to I. Zchewen's "Sunshine", five volumes strong; to the
compositions of Wolkow, Czerujawski, Ulitinins, Th. Van Dim, (a pseudonym,) in fact to everything
that has yet appeared.

On the part of the Imperial family, as we have already said, everything has been done for the
Russian stage that could possibly be done, and is done no where else.
