But I think that's the Shirra an 'some o' his band. "

I was glad to hear this, because he had seen the first volume of "the troubadour of the border" and was copied a number of things old account of my mother and sent to the editor of the preparation of a third volume. So he went home to put on my Sunday suit, but before reaching it, I met with Shirra and Mr. William Laidlaw come to visit. They sat down and stayed in our home more than an hour, and my mother sang the ballad of Old Maitla to them, as Mr. Scott was very happy. I had sent a copy (not very perfect, when I later learned, to sing in a second Laidlaw), but I thought Mr. Scott had a fear of a part is forged, it would have been the cause of his journey in Ettrick desert. When he heard my mother sing, I was very pleased, and I remember asking him if he believed had been printed, and his response was: "Oo, na, na, sir, never published in the" world for my brothers a 'I learned frae Auld Andrew Moor, an' he learned that a 'mae Mony, Mettlin baby is frae Auld, who was housekeeper to the first or Tushilaw Laird. "

"So to be a story Auld, yes, Margaret," he said.

"Yes, that's it! Auld is a story! Mair nor However, in addition to George Warton and James Stewart, or was never ane 'my song until they prentit prentit their sellers, an' I have worn them a'thegither. The war made for singing, no one to read, and not explained setter-right or right below. "

-he - he - he! Do you, Mr. Scott, "said Laidlaw.

Mr. Scott said with a laugh, and the recitation of a verse, but I forgot what it was, and my mother gave him a blow on the knee with the hand open and said: "It was quite true, for all that .

We were eating in Ramseycleuch with Mr. Brydon, but Mr Scott and Mr Laidlaw went to look at anything before dinner, and was dismissed. Upon entering the yard in Ramseycleuch I met with Mr. liveryman Scott, a much more original than his master, who asked if he had come Shirra?

"Oh yes, boy, Shirra have come," he said. "Chiel to MAK's the ballads and sing Auld them?"

"I said I was that he felt that although he had never done much ony Auld ballads.

"Well, then, boy, you play a 'Speirs for Shirra. They will let you see where he is. He will be very happy to see you. "

During the sociability of the evening, took much of the discourse on the different breeds of sheep the curse of the community of Ettrick Forest. The original black face Forest race is always called at short sheep, and sheep of the Cheviot breed of long controversies in this period ran very high on the practical value of each.
