
The monk on seeing him reminded him of the words of the last conversation they had had together--"You
cannot convince me, I am still an Atheist." Instead of replying, Byron requested the Father
to permit him to inhabit a cell, and relieve him from the ennui which poisoned his life. "While
uttering these words," said Father Paul, "he pressed my hands, and called me his father; the
locks of his hair, dripping with perspiration, covered his forehead; his face was pale, his
lips trembled: dared I to ask him the cause of his melancholy?"--"My father, all your days
are like each other; as for me, I shall always be a traveller."--"Have you no country? If the
feeling of absence causes your sorrow, depart; my prayers and good wishes will accompany you
to England."--"Speak not to me of England; I would rather be dragged in chains on the sands
of Libya, than revisit places imprinted with the curse which I have given them. The injustice
of men has made England odious to me; it has separated us for ever; after the death of man,
however, if it be true that the soul survives, I should be delighted to inhabit it, as a pure
spirit. This mystery is only known to God."--"Well, if you have renounced your country, take
care to give your mind occupation, without too great exertion of your fancy. Is it the fault
of the Creator if men are misled by false doctrines? God never predestined their perfect knowledge.
Think you that peace of mind, and health of body can be the lot of him, whose life is perpetually
in contradiction to that of other men? His reason is perverted who doubts the infinite power
of God, and the man inscribed on the list of Atheists must be necessarily unhappy."--"Atheist!
Atheist! This is then the end of your consolation to me! It is thus that you call your son!
Minister of that God who reads the hearts of men, learn, my reverend father, that it is beyond
your power to discover an Atheist, even if his own mouth made you the hypocritical confession.
An Atheist it is impossible to find--to admit his existence is to outrage the Sovereign of
the World, who, in perfecting his noblest work, did not forget to engrave there the name of
its immortal Author. Passions may arouse doubts; but when the Atheist questions himself, the
evidence of a God confounds his incredulity, and the truth of the sentiment which fills his
thoughts absolves him of the crime of Atheism. It is easy for you, my father, never to murmur
against the Author of your being; you, who, in the gentle quiet of a life exempt from storms;
have acquired the conviction that the sun of your old age will illumine the same scenes as
did that of your youth. As for me--thrown on the earth like a disinherited child, born to feel
happiness, and never finding it--I wander from climate to climate, with the sentiment of my
everlasting misery.
