Monk on seeing him reminded him of the conversation they had together last words - "You can not convince me, I'm still an atheist." Instead of response, Father Byron asked to allow a cell to live and save it from boredom, which poisoned his life. "While uttering these words," said Father Paul, "he pressed my hands, and he called his father, locks of hair, dripping with sweat, head covered, his face was pale, his lips trembled: I dare ?"--" ask him because my father's melancholy, all your days are like one another, as for me, I'll always be a traveler ."--" Have you any country? If your sorrow causes lack of feeling, depart, my prayers and good wishes will accompany the England ."--" Speak to me not England, I would rather be dragged in chains on the sands of Libya, than curse the imprint revisit places that I gave. injustice people England was abhorrent to me, has separated us forever, after death of man, however, it is true that the soul survives, I would be happy to live it as a pure spirit. This mystery is known only to God. "-" Well, if you gave up your country, make sure you give your mind occupied, without too much effort for your imagination. The Creator's fault if people are misled by false doctrines? God has predestined knowledge Their perfect. Think about that peace of mind, body and health can be greatly him, whose life is constantly in conflict with that of other people? reason to be corrupt, which doubted the infinite power of God , and the man entered the list of Atheists necessarily be unhappy ."--" Atheist Atheist! This is then end of consolation to me is such that you call your son! Minister of God who reads the hearts of people, learn father my priest, which is beyond your power to find an atheist, even if his mouth was hypocritical to confession. atheist is impossible to find - is to admit the existence of the Sovereign Military World stupor, which, in improving labor his noble, there do not forget to engrave its author's name immortal. passions may arouse doubts, but when questions Atheist itself evidence of God's incredulity confused, and feeling the truth that it fills his thoughts of murder release of atheism. It is easy for you, my father never to murmur against the Author of your being, you who, in a quiet easy life free of storms have become convinced that the sun will shine your age scenes the same way as that of your youth. As for me - thrown on the ground as a disinherited child, born to feel happiness, and never find it - I walk to climate change, the feeling of my eternal misery.
