De Bry, a writer of considerable eminence, and a bookseller in Frankfurt-on-the-Maine, being in England in 1587, was led by our famous compiler, Hakluyt, to start the publication of an illustrated series of travel, which After his death, was continued by his sons. Among bibliographers, this compilation is well known as the Great Library Travel & Little. The volumes comprising the "travel little, in relation only to the east, are entitled Orientalis Indiae, but were issued in parts, and its publication period lasted from 1598-1624. The walghvogel merely mentioned, but an engraving provides a fantastic representation of the facts of another Dutch team on the island. Two suitors, neatly dressed, are represented mounted on a tortoise, while ten, sitting on a turtle shell, are holding a symposium tail. Three birds appear in this dish, the letter says the press are walghvogels, but our eyes tell us that cassowaries are then called emeus. Clearly, then, that De Bry had not at that time, you see a picture or a description of the dodo, if I had, therefore, would not have mistaken the cassowary. On the other hand, the explanatory letter-press print, walghvogel indicated that a life had been taken to Holland, which shows that he had mistakenly confused the two birds, a cassowary of life, even at that early date, had fact been transported there. But although there is little doubt that the dodos one or more of life were brought to Europe later, the truth is that such an event did not occur until after L'Ecluse wrote in 1605. About the same time that De Bry published the fourth part of Indiae Orientalis, the Dutch seemed to work contains an account of travel throughout the eight ships, and after De Bry in his fifth, which came later in the same year was able to give an accurate representation of the dodo, and a full account of the voyages of the entire squad. We have been more precise on this part of our subject that might seem necessary, but being so, we must file an inequality that has been an obstacle for almost all previous writers on the dodo.

L'Ecluse, professor of botany at Leiden, one of the great naturalists of his time, published his Exoticorum in 1605. It gives a recorded image and the description of the dodo, which was of people who had sailed in the fleet of De Warwijk, stating that he had seen only one leg of the bird - a sure proof that no living specimen was at that time, has brought to the Netherlands.

Overlooking the island visits four former Dutch sailors, who all describe the dodo under different names, we reach the picturesque old traveler, Sir Thomas Herbert, who played in Mauritius in 1627.
