
De Bry, an engraver of considerable eminence, and a bookseller at Frankfort-on-the-Maine, being
in England in 1587, was induced by our famous compiler, Hakluyt, to commence the publication
of an illustrated series of voyages, which, after his death, was continued by his sons. Amongst
bibliographers, this compilation is well known as the Collection of Great and Little Voyages.
The volumes comprising the 'little voyages,' relating exclusively to the East, are entitled
Indiæ Orientalis; they were issued in parts, and their period of publication extended from
1598 to 1624. The walghvogel is merely mentioned, but an engraving gives a fanciful representation
of the doings of another Dutch crew on the island. Two gallants, elaborately attired, are represented
riding on a tortoise; while ten others, seated in a tortoise's shell, are holding a grand symposium.
Three birds are depicted in this plate, which the letter-press says are walghvogels, but which
our eyes tell us are cassowaries, then termed emeus. It is evident, then, that De Bry had not,
at that time, seen a sketch or description of the dodo: if he had, he would not thus have confounded
it with the cassowary. Moreover, in the letter-press explanatory of the engraving, it is stated
that a living walghvogel had been brought to Holland, which clearly proves that he had erroneously
confounded the two birds; for a living cassowary, even at that early date, had actually been
transported thither. But though there can be little doubt, that one or more living dodos were
subsequently brought to Europe, it is certain that such an event did not take place till after
L'Ecluse wrote, in 1605. About the same time that De Bry published this fourth part of Indiæ
Orientalis, the Dutch work appeared containing the account of the voyages of the whole eight
ships; and then De Bry, in his fifth part, which came out later in the same year, was enabled
to give a correct representation of the dodo, and a complete account of the voyages of the
whole squadron. We have been more precise on this part of our subject than might seem necessary;
but by being so, we have smoothed over an inequality that has been a stumbling-block to almost
all previous writers on the dodo.

L'Ecluse, professor of botany at Leyden, one of the greatest naturalists of his age, published
his Exoticorum in 1605. In it he gives an engraved likeness and description of the dodo, which
he obtained from persons who had sailed in De Warwijk's fleet, stating that he had himself
seen only the leg of the bird--a sure proof that no live specimen had, at that time, been brought
to Holland.

Passing over the visits to the isles of four old Dutch navigators, who all describe the dodo
under different names, we come to the quaint old traveller, Sir Thomas Herbert, who touched
at the Mauritius in 1627.
