But to whom? wilt thou say. Herein we consider the Signe, Lord
thereof, and the House; The Sun signifies in that Royal Signe, great ones; the House signifies
captivity, poison, Treachery: From which is derived thus much, That some very great man, what
King, Prince, Duke, or the like, I really affirm I perfectly know not, shall, I say, come to
some such untimely end."(6)

Here is shown a typical example of astrological prophecy, which seems to tell something or
nothing, according to the point of view of the reader. According to a believer in astrology,
after the execution of Charles I., five years later, this could be made to seem a direct and
exact prophecy. For example, he says: "You Kings, Princes, etc.,... it premonisheth you...
to make your peace with God.... Look to yourselves; here's some monstrous death towards you....
That some very great man, what King, Prince,. shall, I say, come to such untimely end."

But by the doubter the complete prophecy could be shown to be absolutely indefinite, and applicable
as much to the king of France or Spain as to Charles I., or to any king in the future, since
no definite time is stated. Furthermore, Lilly distinctly states, "What King, Prince, Duke,
or the like, I really affirm I perfectly know not"--which last, at least, was a most truthful
statement. The same ingenuity that made "Gen. Monk" the "dreadful dead man," could easily make
such a prediction apply to the execution of Charles I. Such a definite statement that, on such
and such a day a certain number of years in the future, the monarch of England would be beheaded--such
an exact statement can scarcely be found in any of the works on astrology. It should be borne
in mind, also, that Lilly was of the Cromwell party and opposed to the king.

After the death of Charles I., Lilly admitted that the monarch had given him a thousand pounds
to cast his horoscope. "I advised him," says Lilly, "to proceed eastwards; he went west, and
all the world knows the result." It is an unfortunate thing for the cause of astrology that
Lilly failed to mention this until after the downfall of the monarch. In fact, the sudden death,
or decline in power, of any monarch, even to-day, brings out the perennial post-mortem predictions
of astrologers.

We see how Lilly, an opponent of the king, made his so-called prophecy of the disaster of the
king and his army. At the same time another celebrated astrologer and rival of Lilly, George
Wharton, also made some predictions about the outcome of the eventful march from Oxford. Wharton,
unlike Lilly, was a follower of the king's party, but that, of course, should have had no influence
in his "scientific" reading of the stars. Wharton's predictions are much less verbose than
Lilly's, much more explicit, and, incidentally, much more incorrect in this particular instance.
