But  towards  whom? wilt thou say. Herein we  consult  the Signe, Lord thereof, and the House; The Sun  means   within  that Royal Signe, great ones; the House  means  captivity, poison, Treachery: From which is derived  hence  much, That  a number of  very great man, what King, Prince, Duke, or the  want,  I  genuinely  affirm I perfectly know not, shall, I say,  arrive   towards   a number of  such untimely end."(6)

Here is guided a usual example of astrological prophecy, which seems towards tell something or nothing, according towards the degree of look of the reader. According towards a believer within astrology, as soon as the execution of Charles I., five years afterwards, this could be made towards seem a organise and perfect prophecy. For example, he says: "You Kings, Princes, etc.,... it premonisheth you... towards earn your silence with God.... Look towards yourselves; here's a number of monstrous mortality towards you.... That a number of very great man, what King, Prince,. shall, I say, arrive towards such untimely end."

But via the doubter the finalise prophecy could be guided towards be definitely indefinite, and valid as much towards the king of France or Spain as towards Charles I., or towards any king within the future, since none sure moment is stated. Furthermore, Lilly distinctly states, "What King, Prince, Duke, or the want, I genuinely affirm I perfectly know not"--which last, at lowest, was a most truthful statement. The equivalent ingenuity that made "Gen. Monk" the "dreadful dead man," could easily earn such a forecast apply towards the execution of Charles I. Such a sure announcement that, onto such and such a day a certain number of years within the future, the ruler of England would be beheaded--such an perfect announcement can hardly be located within any of the works onto astrology. It should be borne within mind, also, that Lilly was of the Cromwell party and dissented towards the king.

After the mortality of Charles I., Lilly admitted that the ruler had granted him a thousand pounds towards cast his horoscope. "I told him," says Lilly, "to proceed eastwards; he went west, and everybody the earth knows the result." It is an unfortunate thing for the inflict of astrology that Lilly failed towards mention this until as soon as the downfall of the monarch. In fact, the sudden mortality, or deteriorate within power, of any ruler, even to-day, brings out the perennial post-mortem forecasts of astrologers.

We see how Lilly, an critic of the king, made his so-called prophecy of the disaster of the king and his army. At the equivalent moment another applauded astrologer and rival of Lilly, George Wharton, also made a number of forecasts approximately the event of the eventful march from Oxford. Wharton, unlike Lilly, was a follower of the king's party, but that, of course, should possess had none influence within his "scientific" reading of the stars. Wharton's forecasts are much less verbose than Lilly's, much many explicit, and, incidentally, much many mistaken within this particular instance.
