
Particular attention will be given to modes of preparing and preserving clothing, at once economical,
healthful, and in good taste.

A large portion of the book will be devoted to instruction, in the various ways in which women
may earn an independent livelihood, especially in employments that can be pursued in sunlight
and the open air.

Should any who read this work wish for more minute directions in regard to ventilation of a
house already built, or one projected, they can obtain his aid by addressing Lewis Leeds, No.
110 Broadway, New York City. His associate, Mr. Herman Kreitler, who prepared the architectural
plans in this work relating to Mr. Leeds's system, can be addressed at the same place.

CATHARINE E. BEECHER.

NEW YORK, June 1, 1869.

APPENDIX.

Albumen: Nourishing matter stored up between the undeveloped germ and its protecting wrappings
in the seed of many plants.

Archaology: A discourse or treatise on antiquities.

Booking: A kind of thin carpeting or coarse baize.

Calisthenics: From two Greek words--kalos, beauty, and sthenos, strength, being the union of both.

Capillary: A minute, hair-like tube. It has lately been obtained in a solid form.

Carbonic Oxide: A compound, consisting of one part of carbon and one part of oxygen; it is
fatal to animal life. Burns with a pale, blue flame, forming carbonic acid.

Caseine: One of the great forms of blood-making matter; the cheesy or curd-part of milk; found
in both animal and vegetable kingdoms.

Caster: A small vial or vessel for the table, in which to put vinegar, mustard, pepper, etc.
Also, a small wheel on a swivel-joint, on which furniture may be turned in any direction.

Gluten: The glue-like, sticky, tenacious substance which gives adhesiveness to dough.

Jams: A side-piece or post.

Kerosene: Refined Petroleum, which see.

Kink: A knotty twist in a thread or rope.

Lambrequin: Originally a kind of pendent scarf or covering attached to a helmet to protect
and adorn it. Hence, a pendent ornamental curtain over a window.

Linnaeus, (Charles:) A native of Sweden, and the most celebrated naturalist of his age. See
Luke 16:11-13; St. Matthew 6:24.

Night-Soil: Human excrement, so-called because usually removed from privies by night.

Oino-mania: A disease of the brain produced by excessive use of alcoholic stimulants; derived
from two Greek words, oinos, wine, and mania, madness. The same disease sometimes arises from
overuse of tobacco and other stimulants of the nerves.

Peristaltic: Contracting in successive circles; worm-like.

Petroleum: Rock oil, an inflammable, bituminous liquid exuding from rocks or from the earth
in the neighborhood of the carboniferous or coal-bearing formation.

Phosphorous: One of the elementary substances.

Reeking: Smoking, emitting vapor. Generally applied to the contents of the abdomen.
