Particular attention will be given to ways of preparation and maintenance of clothing at once economic, healthy and good taste.

Much of the book will be dedicated to training in different ways in which women can earn a living independently, especially in jobs that can be traced in sunlight outdoors.

If they so desire to read any more minute directions regarding ventilation of a house already built, or anticipated, they can get their help in addressing Lewis Leeds, No. 110 Broadway, New York City. His partner, Mr. Herman Kreitler, who has developed architectural plans for the system in this work by Mr. Leeds, can be addressed in the same place.

Catharine E. Beecher.

NEW YORK, 06.1.1869.

Appendix.

Albumen: Nourishing matter stored up between germ undeveloped and its packaging to protect seeds from many plants.

Archaeology: a discourse or treatise on antiquities.

Booking: A kind of coarse cloth or thin carpet.

Calisthenics: from two Greek words - Kalos, beauty, and sthenos, resistance, being the union of the two.

Capillary: One minute, hair-like tube. It was obtained recently in a solid form.

Carbonic Oxide: A compound composed of one part carbon and one part oxygen, is fatal to animal life. Flame burns with a pale blue, forming carbonic acid.

Casein: One of the major forms of blood-making issue, cheese or milk curd part, found in both animal and plant kingdoms.

Reel: A small bottle or bowl for the table to put the vinegar, mustard, pepper, etc. Also, a small wheel on a swivel-joint that furniture can be transformed in any direction.

Gluten: glue-like, sticky substance that gives tenacious adhesion to the dough.

Jams: A side parts or post.

Kerosene: refined oil, which see.

Confused: a twist in a knotty yarn or rope.

Lambrequin: Originally a kind of pendent scarf or covering attached to a helmet to protect and decorate it. Therefore, an ornamental curtain hung on a window.

Linnaeus (Carol:) Originally from Sweden, the most celebrated naturalist of his age. See Luke 16:11-13; St. Matthew 6:24.

Night-soil: human excrement, so called because usually disposed of privies by night.

Oino-Mania: A brain disorder caused by excessive use of alcoholic incentives, derived from two Greek words, oinos, wine, and mania, madness. Same disease sometimes comes from overuse of tobacco and other incentives nerve.

Peristaltic: Contracting in successive rounds, worm-like.

Oil: Rock oil, exuding a flammable liquid bituminous stone or earth or in the vicinity of Carboniferous coal bearing formation.

Phosphorus: One of the basic substances.

Reeking: Smoking vapors. Generally applicable to the contents of the abdomen.
