Governor
    Hutchinson, in his History of Massachusetts, gives the true account
    of Downing's affiliation, which has been farther confirmed by Mr.
    Savage, of Boston, from the public records of New England. According to Hutchinson,
    Sir George died in 1684.]

Unkid.--Can any of your readers inform me as to the derivation of this word, or give any instance
of its recent use? I have frequently heard it in my childhood (the early part of the present
century) among the rural population of Oxon and Berks. It was generally applied to circumstances
of a melancholy or distressing character, but sometimes used to express a peculiar state of
feeling, being apparently intended to convey nearly the same meaning as the ennui of the French.
I {222} recollect an allusion to the phrase somewhere in Miss Mitford's writings, who speaks
of it as peculiar to Berks; but as I was then ignorant of Captain Cuttle's maxim, I did not
"make a note of it," so that I am unable to lay my hand on the passage.

G. T.

  Reading.

    [Mr. Sternberg also found this word in Northamptonshire: for in his
    valuable work on The Dialect and Folk Lore of that county occurs the
    following derivation of it:--"UNKED, HUNKID, s. lonely, dull,
    miserable. 'I was so unked when ye war away.' 'A unked house,' &c.
    Mr. Bosworth gives, as the derivative, the A.-S. uncyd, solitary,
    without speech. In Batchelor's List of Bedfordshire Words, it is
    spelt ungkid."]

Pilgrim's Progress.--The common editions contain a third part, setting
forth the life of Tender-conscience: this third part is thought not to
have been written by Bunyan, and is omitted from some, at least, of the
modern editions. Can any of your readers explain by whom this addition was
made, and all about it? The subject of the Pilgrim's Progress
generally--the stories of a similar kind which are said to have
preceded--especially in Catholic times--the history of its editions and
annotations, would give some interesting columns. In 1695, it reached a second edition; and a
    sixth in 1705. In 1708, it was denounced in the title to the ninth
    edition of the second part, by a 'Note, the third part, suggested to
    be J. Bunyan's, is an imposture.' The author of this forgery is as yet
    unknown." Mr. Offor has also devoted fifty pages of his Introduction to
    the conjectured prototypes of Bunyan's Pilgrim's Progress. He says,
    "Every assertion or suggestion that came to my knowledge has been
    investigated, and the works referred to have been analysed. And beyond
    this, every allegorical work that could be found, previous to the
    eighteenth century, has been examined in all the European languages,
    and the result is a perfect demonstration of the complete originality
    of Bunyan."]

John Frewen.--What is known of this divine?
