Governor Hutchinson, in his History of Massachusetts, presents the truth Downing's affiliation, which has been further confirmed by Mr. Savage, of Boston, the public records of New England. According to Hutchinson, Sir George died in 1684.]

Unkid .-- Can any of your readers inform me about the derivation of this word, or give any instance of its recent use? I have often heard in my childhood (the first part of this century) in the rural population of Oxon and Berks. It is usually applied to the circumstances of melancholy or sad, but sometimes is used to express a peculiar state of feeling, being apparently intended to convey almost the same meaning as the boredom of the French. I (222) I remember an allusion to the phrase somewhere in the writings of Miss Mitford, who speaks of it as belonging to Berks, but as I was then ignorant of the maxim of Captain Sepia, I do not "take note of this ", so I am unable to put my hand on the passage.

G. T.

Reading.

[Mr. Sternberg also found this word in Northamptonshire, because in his valuable work on the dialect and folklore of the county produces the following derivation of it: - "UNKED, Hunker, art lonely, bored and miserable." Was like that when unked away the war. "" A House unked, "& c. Bosworth gives, as the derivative, the uncyd A.-S., lonely, speechless. In the list of words Batchelor Bedfordshire, ungkid is written."]

The Pilgrim's Progress .-- The common issues for a third party, exposing the life of Tender-conscience: this third part is not believed to have been written by Bunyan, and is ignored in some, at least in modern editions. Can any of your readers explain who this addition was made, and all about? The theme of Pilgrim's Progress in general - the stories of the same nature which is said to have gone before - especially in Catholic times - the story of your edits and notes, give some interesting columns. In 1695, it reached a second edition, and a sixth in 1705. In 1708, there were allegations in the title of the ninth edition of the second part, by a note, the third part, suggested to be s J. Bunyan, is a sham. "The author of this forgery is still unknown. Mr. Offor also devoted fifty pages of his Introduction to the prototypes Bunyan Pilgrim's conjecture. He says: "Any statement or suggestion that came to my knowledge been investigated, and the works in question have been analyzed. And beyond this, all allegorical work that can be found, before the eighteenth century, was examined in all European languages, and the result is a perfect demonstration of the complete originality of Bunyan. "]

John Frewen .-- What is known of the divine?
