The prolonged sound of carriages and steeds is heard through the day;
  Then in autumn the prices of provisions fall,
  And the greater number of dwellings being untenanted,
  Such as require it are repaired and adorned.

  The spacious streets are exceedingly smooth and level,
  Each being crossed by others at intervals;
  On either side perambulate men and females,
  In the centre, career along the carriages and horses;
  The mingled sound of voices is heard in the shops at evening.
  During midwinter the accumulated snows adhere to the pathway,
  Lamps are displayed at night along the street sides,
  Their radiance twinkling like the stars of the sky.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mozart was rather vain of the proportion of his hands and feet--but not of having written the
Requiem or the Don Juan.

       *       *       *       *       *

BURMESE DIGNITY.

Mr. Crawfurd, in his account of the Embassy to Ava, relates the following specimen of the dignity
of a Burmese minister. While sitting under an awning on the poop of the steam vessel, a heavy
squall, with rain, came on.--"I suggested to his excellency the convenience of going below,
which he long resisted, under the apprehension of committing his dignity by placing himself
in a situation where persons might tread over his head, for this singular antipathy is common
both to the Burmese and Siamese. The prejudice is more especially directed against the fair
sex; a pretty conclusive proof of the estimation in which they are held. His excellency seriously
demanded to know whether any woman had ever trod upon the poop; and being assured in the negative,
he consented at length to enter the cabin."

       *       *       *       *       *

STEAM.

A quotation from Agathias clearly establishes a knowledge of the applicability of steam to
mechanical purposes so early as the reign of the emperor Justinian, when the philosopher Anthemius
most unphilosophically employed its powerful agency at Constantinople to shake the house of
a litigious neighbour. It is also recorded, that Pope Sylvester II. constructed an organ, that
was worked by steam. As compared with recent ingenuity, however, these applications may fairly
bring to mind the Frenchman's boast of his countryman's invention of the frill and the ruffle;
while his English opponent claimed for his native land the honour of suggesting the addition
of the shirt.

       *       *       *       *       *

MEDICAL MUSIC.

Sharp, the surgeon, Sir Charles Blicke's master, was a great amateur of music, but he never
used it as a means of curing patients, only in attracting them. It was said that he "fiddled
himself into practice, and fiddled Mr. Pott out of it;" certain it is Mr. Pott, not being a
flat, did not choose to act in concert with Sharp, and made a quick movement to the westward.
