But now the question is where he is and who promised and pledged the love so late?  This question was raised by Offa’s   deceitful and cunning wife.  Also she claimed that whose fiat sealed his fate?
Due her cunning and cruelty of guilt, her cheeks have become so red in shade.  Her demonstration of her protest started to talk without care of conscience and the same has been denied gallantly by her cruelty.
Who did make his life so short with momentary breath? What is the reason for his demise?  Why he started to take a long sleep of death on his wedding night itself. 
Now there are no guards to him.  He is now without his close friends.  There is no chance to bless him die to his sudden death. There are no persons near to him to wipe up his falling tears.  No one is ready to get rid him from his painful situation. 
Oh, now where she has gone after changing his fad so sad and pitiful.  She will have been gone to Croy land’s hallowed shade for living or grieving there.  
Anglia, please weep now.  This is the time to weep.  For your royal leader’s death you have to weep eternally. Then only his spirit in heaven will be appeased. So that only persons those hands are coated with his blood will be vanished off.  Then only vacant throne will be fulfilled. 
He is ruling.  But you have to understand that how such self morn will be passing through his inner most heart.  Also you can understand that how it will stitch of sad repentance will be intruded over his confused state of mind. 
Now he is living among us.  But his life is no more. We have to claim for his love and we have to appease his grief.  
J.H.I. 
The above events described in the above statement are clearly trying to explain and lay the good foundation of the peaceful future.  Also it is emphasizing about future important prosperity of the Cathedral church of Hereford. 
            The restless ambition of Offa perfectly made to attack the neighboring kingdom of the East Angles.  This attempt was purely made to expand his dominions and dynasty.  But unfortunately in this attempt, he was finally defeated by Ethelbert who had been fought against him gallantly.  Finally an eternal peace has become permanent. Then consequently Offa wholeheartedly accepted for proposals of marriage between Ethelbert and his sweet daughter Elfrida.  The young and unsuspecting prince invited and attended at the palace of Offa which was located at south Town, now it is called Sutton, near Hereford.  He was invited with splendid followers and treated the intended spousals.  Quendreda, the queen of Offa also recorded through her statement about her husband and violation of hospitality and humanity.  Then in A.D. 793, Ethelbert was cheated and finally deceitfully murdered. After his brutal murder, his followers and guards isolated here and there.  His ruled kingdom was unexpectedly taken and merged with the state of Mercia surprisingly. His beloved and faithful wife Elfrida again went back to Croyland Abbey.  Offa again started to mourn.  He tried to calm his injured conscience by some kind of good activities at that time.  He made an agreement for doing platonic positive actions for his deepest criminal deportments. By his own sincere effort, the body of Ethelbert removed from Marden where it had been previously interred.  His body was taken to the cathedral of St. Mary, at Hereford and there it was buried and raised over him a magnificent tomb.  It has been awarded by the church with some precious gifts.  Now it is essentially and mainly constructed in the nearest surrounding area of his own palace. The familiar and well qualities of the murdered prince have made his magnificent tomb as worshiping place.  People started to visit there and considered as a martyr. This is really considered ad the fame of his miracles.  Then the particular city and cathedral has become more wealth and popular among people.  Besides, due to the religious contributions of devoted pilgrims it has become so platonic in all aspects.
