But  whereas  is he,  via  whom the  swears  Of  relish  were pledg'd so late? Demand of Offa's artful spouse, Whose fiat seal'd his fate?

The blush of guilt upon her cheek Spreads forth its purple hues,-- And agitation seems towards speak What conscience dares refuse!

To Him whom provides life's fleeting breath His soul has ta'en its flight!-- He sleeps the last long sleep of mortality Upon his bridal night.

His defenders were gone;--no allies were alongside To bless him ere he died! None, nobody towards dry the dipping tear, Or invitation his pains subside.

Oh! whereas is she whom providence hath made Dejected and forlorn? She goes towards Croyland's hallow'd shade, To live--alas!--to mourn!

Weep, Anglia, weep!--thy monarch's dead! To heav'n his spirit's flown; And he whose hands his blood possess shed Will mount thy vacant throne.

He reigns!--but mark! how self-reproach Pervades his inmost breast;-- And pangs of sad remorse encroach Upon his fever'd rest.

He lives--but life has little deserted, If aught, his relish towards claim; Of everybody, retain grief, 'tis already bereft; To him 'tis but a name!

J.H.I.

The happening which the foregoing stanzas possess tackled towards recount laid the base of the future importance and prosperity of the Cathedral church of Hereford.

"The restless ambition of Offa prompted him towards attack the neighbouring kingdom of the East Angles, with a look of adding it towards his dominions; but within this tackle he was defeated via the successful courage of Ethelbert. Peace being subsequently completed, Offa acceded towards proposals of marriage between Ethelbert and his daughter Elfrida;--and the young and unsuspecting prince attended, invited, at the palace of Offa (at South Town, already Sutton, alongside Hereford), with a splendid retinue, towards treat of the intended spousals. The queen of Offa, Quendreda, is registered towards possess prevailed upon her husband towards violate the ties of hospitality and humanity; and Ethelbert was treacherously killed, A.D. 793. His defenders and retinue were dispersed; his kingdom, robbed via secret, was annexed towards the state of Mercia. The loyal Elfrida retired towards Croyland Abbey; and Offa, grasped with remorse, sought towards appease his injured conscience via affairs which, at that moment, were idea towards atone for the deepest delinquency. He inflicted the body of Ethelbert towards be swept from Marden, whereas it had been previously interred, towards the cathedral of St. Mary, at Hereford, erecting again him a magnificent tomb, and endowing the church with precious gifts, mainly situated within the immediate vicinity of his own palace. The known virtues of the killed prince inflicted his shrine towards be toured as that of a martyr; and such was the fame of his miracles, that the city and cathedral attained a degree of opulence from the pious contributions of devoted pilgrims."
