But where is he, by whom the vows of love were pledg'd so late? Demand of offa's artful spouse, whose fiat seal'd his fate?

The blush of guilt upon her cheek spreads forth its purple hues,-- and agitation seems to speak what conscience dares refuse!

To him who gives life's fleeting breath his soul has ta'en its flight!-- he sleeps the last long sleep of death upon his bridal night.

His guards were gone;--no friends were near to bless him ere he died! None, none to dry the falling tear, or bid his pains subside.

Oh! Where is she whom fate hath made dejected and forlorn? She goes to croyland's hallow'd shade, to live--alas!--to mourn!

Weep, anglia, weep!--thy monarch's dead! To heav'n his spirit's flown; and he whose hands his blood have shed will mount thy vacant throne.

He reigns!--but mark! How self-reproach pervades his inmost breast;-- and pangs of sad remorse encroach upon his fever'd rest.

He lives--but life has little left, if aught, his love to claim; of all, save grief, 'tis now bereft; to him 'tis but a name!

J.H.I.

The event which the foregoing stanzas have attempted to describe laid the foundation of the future importance and prosperity of the cathedral church of hereford.

"the restless ambition of offa prompted him to attack the neighbouring kingdom of the east angles, with a view of adding it to his dominions; but in this attempt he was defeated by the successful valour of ethelbert. Peace being subsequently concluded, offa acceded to proposals of marriage between ethelbert and his daughter elfrida;--and the young and unsuspecting prince attended, invited, at the palace of offa (at south town, now sutton, near hereford), with a splendid retinue, to treat of the intended spousals. The queen of offa, quendreda, is recorded to have prevailed upon her husband to violate the ties of hospitality and humanity; and ethelbert was treacherously murdered, a.D. 793. His guards and retinue were dispersed; his kingdom, taken by surprise, was annexed to the state of mercia. The faithful elfrida retired to croyland abbey; and offa, seized with remorse, sought to appease his wounded conscience by actions which, at that time, were thought to atone for the deepest delinquency. He caused the body of ethelbert to be removed from marden, where it had been previously interred, to the cathedral of st. Mary, at hereford, erecting over him a magnificent tomb, and endowing the church with valuable gifts, chiefly situated in the immediate vicinity of his own palace. The known virtues of the murdered prince caused his shrine to be visited as that of a martyr; and such was the fame of his miracles, that the city and cathedral attained a degree of opulence from the pious contributions of devoted pilgrims."
