This essentially cut it off from all association by cause. There is no section given that we must think if we have occasion and capability to inspect, but the authority is absolute. It is a responsibility for each instant of living, for every time. Kids are to be led early to trust, however this, from the character of the case, cannot be on normal basis. Evidence essentially presupposes a deferment of assurance. The normal Christian should have begin as a Sceptic; he must long have doubted whether the Gospel was right or fake. Can this be the trust that "overcomes the world"? Can this be the belief that makes a sacrifice? No! The true supporter have to unlock Paradise and notice the Son of Man standing clearly ahead of his eyes, not see through the bulky gloomy glass of the past and custom. The Rescuer Himself gave no proofs; He educated as one have power, as a Master who have a right to order, who bring the lessons which He imparted directly from Dreamland. In this vision of the floor of devotion, unbelief is a disloyal resistance against the functioning of grace. The combination of information and trust is no longer gibberish. Every difficulty be chased away by the easy thought "that with men it is impractical, but with God all things are probable." Viewpoint and belief are totally at conflict. The foundation of viewpoint is all uncertainty and mistrust; the basis of belief is all obedience and reliance. The progressive researcher of the Cross, if he regards the one thing needful, exactly despises all inferior studies. While he turns to these he leaves his individual proper sphere. Julian was all in the mistaken when he stopped the theoretical schools to the Christians. He must have given them all achievable rights that they might undermine the ethics of Christ. "Not a lot of clever men after the flesh are called." All attempts to set up a balanced reliance, since the era of Origen to that of Tillotson, Dr. Clarke, and the Boyle lectures, are completely of no use. Tertullian was true when he supposed Credo quia absurdumet quia impossibile est, for there is an incompatible repugnancy in their natures among cause and faith; so, "My son, offer thyself to the Lord with thy entire spirit and bend not to thy own understanding."' 

Such is the matter of this extraordinary effort. He hit, and slaps extremely forcibly, a blot which belonged to nearly all writers in general who takes part in this argument. The enormous lack of the age--a desire of sacred sincerity, an exclusive regard to the intellectual, to the ignoring of the affecting part of our nature--nowhere appears extra glaringly than in the Deistical and anti-Deistical writing. What Dodwell urges in sour paradox, John Wesley urged in sober significance, when he intimated that Deists and proof writers alike were strangers to those truths which are religiously discern.'
