This necessarily cuts it off
from all connection with reason. There is no clause providing that we should believe if we
have time and ability to examine, but the command is peremptory. It is a duty for every moment
of life, for every age. Children are to be led early to believe, but this, from the nature
of the case, cannot be on rational grounds. Proof necessarily presupposes a suspension of conviction.
The rational Christian must have begun as a Sceptic; he must long have doubted whether the
Gospel was true or false. Can this be the faith that "overcometh the world"? Can this be the
faith that makes a martyr? No! the true believer must open Heaven and see the Son of Man standing
plainly before his eyes, not see through the thick dark glass of history and tradition. The
Redeemer Himself gave no proofs; He taught as one having authority, as a Master who has a right
to dictate, who brought the teaching which He imparted straight from Heaven. In this view of
the ground of faith, unbelief is a rebellious opposition against the working of grace. The
union of knowledge and faith is no longer nonsense. All difficulties are chased away by the
simple consideration "that with men it is impossible, but with God all things are possible."
Philosophy and religion are utterly at variance. The groundwork of philosophy is all doubt
and suspicion; the groundwork of religion is all submission and faith. The enlightened scholar
of the Cross, if he regards the one thing needful, rightly despises all lower studies. When
he turns to these he leaves his own proper sphere. Julian was all in the wrong when he closed
the philosophical schools to the Christians. He should have given them all possible privileges
that they might undermine the principles of Christ. "Not many wise men after the flesh are
called." All attempts to establish a rational faith, from the time of Origen to that of Tillotson,
Dr. Clarke, and the Boyle lectures, are utterly useless. Tertullian was right when he said
Credo quia absurdum et quia impossibile est, for there is an irreconcilable repugnancy in their
natures between reason and belief; therefore, "My son, give thyself to the Lord with thy whole
heart and lean not to thy own understanding."'

Such is the substance of this remarkable work. He hit, and hit very forcibly, a blot which
belonged to almost all writers in common who took part in this controversy. The great deficiency
of the age--a want of spiritual earnestness, an exclusive regard to the intellectual, to the
ignoring of the emotional element of our nature--nowhere appears more glaringly than in the
Deistical and anti-Deistical literature. What Dodwell urges in bitter irony, John Wesley urged
in sober seriousness, when he intimated that Deists and evidence writers alike were strangers
to those truths which are 'spiritually discerned.'

