The art of playing an instrument is a talent given by nature to a person , and so every beginner in music , eventhough not so talented in that art, he or she may develop his/her skill.  If supplied properly in order, even the sound of snare drum may be the best music for those interested in that.  The basic quality for any person to become a musician  is normal skill with some quiet perception and power of thinking along with persistence.  Being too instinctive and more attentive is not so important for the beginners.  The musician  Mandelssohn came in to this music world only by accident.  Likewise, we can say that many musicians might  have succeeded in any field ,they entered , as in the field of music.





  Let us take a case of a young woman with normal talent, who wishes to develop her skill in music and to use it for good service. At the beginning,  she must understand whether she is playing a piano correctly,  by playing easy music  and confirm herself , her ability to find out fault, if any.  She must accept the fact that music is not gifted to her by God, if she is unable to grasp her fault, while playing music.  She can, ofcourse, develop her hearing power to the music.  She must develop to play music by just seeing the notes, by joining a choir.  She must understand the key , while playing the music.  She must take necessary effort  to grasp the music and its notes by closing her eyes.  She must train herself by listening to any hymn to understand and practise the tunes.  Playing music in the apt time is the most essential part of training.  Particularly, carelessness and negligence may cause destruction, not only to music, but also to the instrument, which needs good inspection and command.  Rhythmic sensation and timely play may be developed by playing duets or with partners of accompaniments.  The player must examine carefully  her accuracy and time management at every step till she achieve them.  After satisfying these basic qualities, the learning of the instrument may be started to understand the technical parts and mechanism of the instrument.
