
The intending organ-player must ascertain that he or she has a gift for music, and this need
not be of the highest order, as even a small portion of the gift can be improved with care,
and fostered into usefulness. A first rate ear can be a snare to those who trust to it too
much--although it is undoubtedly the best of servants, if kept in its proper sphere of work.
A very ordinary measure of talent, supplemented by calm and good sense, clear power of thought,
and determined perseverance, will be a good foundation to start with. Good sense and attention
have more to do with the good music of ordinary persons (as opposed, we mean, to remarkably
clever ones) than people are apt to think. It was said of Mendelssohn that music was the accident
of his being; and there are many of whom the same could be said, with this meaning--i.e., that
the powers which make them succeed in music would enable them to succeed in other great things
if attempted.

We will therefore suppose the case of a young lady possessing a moderate gift for music, desiring
to improve it and herself, and to take up organ playing with a view to real usefulness. She
should first find out whether her playing on the piano is perfectly correct, taking the easiest
possible music to exercise herself upon, and trying whether her musical ear is competent to
be her teacher in the matter of correctness. If neither steady attention nor ear enable her
to discover mistakes, she had better consider that music is not the talent God has given her
to use to His glory. A musical ear may, however, be much improved by its possessor. With even
the smallest of voices she should join a choir or madrigal society and learn to sing at sight.
She should, when listening to a musical performance, try to guess its key. She should endeavour
to know, without seeing, the sound and name of single notes on the piano, practising herself
with her eyes shut. It is good practice, also, to take an easy chant or hymn tune, hitherto
unknown, and try to get some idea of its melody and harmony without playing it. When all this
is done, one of the most important tasks remains: that of mastering time in all its branches.
Slovenliness in this particular is fatal to all music, above all to that for the organ, which
is meant to guide and control. A feeling for rhythm and a quick-sighted accurate knowledge
of time, may be much improved by playing with others, either duets on the piano, or accompaniments
to voice or instrument. The player should compel herself to account for the time reason of
every passage slowly, until she is able to do so with rapidity and precision at sight. At this
point it may be well to begin lessons on the organ, taking great pains to become familiar with
the technical part of the instrument, the names of stops and meaning of these names, mechanism
and its use.
