
        Vide Rime degli Arcadi, Venice, MDCCLXXIX.

       *       *       *       *       *

LAWS RELATING TO BACHELORS.

Your Correspondent certainly must be in error upon these points, as the additional duty to
which bachelors in England are liable under the present Tax Acts, for a male Servant, is only
1l. (the usual duty leviable for such servant being 1l. 4 s.); and there is not, that I am
aware of, any law in existence in England taxing any person in respect of female servants.

R.J.

Alton, Hants.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE NATURALIST.

DEER OF NORTH-AMERICA, AND THE MODE OF HUNTING THEM.

(From Featherstonehaugh's Journal.)

Deer are more abundant than at the first settlement of the country. They increase to a certain
extent with the population. The reason of this appears to be, that they find protection in
the neighbourhood of man from the beasts of prey that assail them in the wilderness, and from
whose attacks their young particularly can with difficulty escape. They suffer most from the
wolves, who hunt in packs like hounds, and who seldom give up the chase until a deer is taken.
We have often sat, on a moonlight summer night, at the door of a log-cabin in one of our prairies,
and heard the wolves in full chase of a deer, yelling very nearly in the same manner as a pack
of hounds. Sometimes the cry would be heard at a great distance over the plain: then it would
die away, and again be distinguished at a nearer point, and in another direction;--now the
full cry would burst upon us from a neighbouring thicket, and we would almost hear the sobs
of the exhausted deer;--and again it would be borne away, and lost in the distance. We have
passed nearly whole nights in listening to such sounds; and once we saw a deer dash through
the yard, and immediately past the door at which we sat, followed by his audacious pursuers,
who were but a few yards in his rear.--Immense numbers of deer are killed every year by our
hunters, who take them for their hams and skins alone, throwing away the rest of the carcass.
Venison hams and hides are important articles of export; the former are purchased from the
hunters at 25 cents a pair, the latter at 20 cents a pound. In our villages we purchase for
our tables the saddle of venison, with the hams attached, for 37-1/2 cents, which would be
something like one cent a pound.--There are several ways of hunting deer, all of which are
equally simple. Most frequently the hunter proceeds to the woods on horseback, in the day-time,
selecting particularly certain hours, which are thought to be most favourable. It is said,
that, during the season when the pastures are green, this animal rises from his lair precisely
at the rising of the moon, whether in the day or night; and I suppose the fact to be so, because
such is the testimony of experienced hunters.
