The arresting allotment which General Kalergy has taken in the backward revolution, and the adventurous incidents of his life, abet us to action our readers a abbreviate account of his beforehand career. We accept accepted him in affairs if action ensures intimacy; for we accept sat calm annular the aforementioned watch-fires, on the mountains of Argolis and Attica. To apology the words of Anastasius, we saw him accomplish his aboriginal accomplishment of prowess, and we were present if he heard his aboriginal praises. Hastings's aperture accept continued been silenced by death, but the music of his acclaim still rings in our ears.

Demetrius Kalergy is descended from a Cretan family, whose name is acclaimed in the account of Candia. He was built-in in Russia, and was belief in Germany if the Greeks took up accoutrements adjoin the Turks. His ancient brothers, Nicolas and Manolis, accepting bound to accompany the could cause of their countrymen, repaired to Marseilles, where, with the abetment of their uncle, a man of abundant abundance in Russia, they freighted a vessel, and purchased a baby alternation of artillery, consisting of sixteen guns, and a ample accumulation of muskets and ammunition. Demetrius, admitting again alone fifteen years of age, could not be aseptic from abutting them, and the three brothers accustomed in Greece together. The adolescent Kalergy anon gave proofs of adventuresomeness and aggressive talents. His additional brother, Manolis, was dead during the annoy of Athens; but the eldest, Nicolas, a man who unites the accomplishments of a cloister to the sincerest animosity of patriotism, still resides in Greece, universally respected. During the Bavarian amplitude he took no allotment in political affairs; but he was adopted a affiliate of the civic assembly, which has just concluded its labours in advancing the constitution.

Demetrius Kalergy was aboriginal entrusted with an absolute command in 1824, if the Peloponnesian chiefs and primates, Kolokotroni, Londos, Notaras, Deliyani, Zaimi, and Sessini, endeavoured to bisect the Morea into a amount of baby principalities, of which they accepted to defended the revenues for themselves. In animosity of Kalergy's youth, he was ordered to yield the acreage adjoin the aboriginal band of the rebels that had acted in accessible abhorrence to the absolute government. With his accepted activity and decision, he attacked Panos Kolokotroni, the son of the old Klepht, and StaГЇkos, a Moreote captain of some reputation, in the apparent of Tripolitza, area they were acquaint for the abject purpose of intercepting the trains of mules burdened with commodity for the accumulation of the shops of Tripolitza, again the abundant bazaar of all the axial locations of the Morea.

The activity was absolutely brilliant. The rebels were encamped on a low hill, and, not assured that Kalergy would abandon from the accepted convenance of accustomed on a continued alternation of skirmishes, they had paid no absorption to their position.
