In 1827, fifty thousand books and treatises had been sent by a company of the Sunday school alone. [204-A] There are few things more remarkable in the history of juvenile literature that the growth of activity on Sunday American School of the Union. In 1828, he had issued more than seven hundred of these religious trinkets, ranging from a twelfth of sixteen pages to a small octavo volume, and most of these appear to have been written by the Americans treat their feathers experience in a literature is not recognized as difficult. The influence of this tiny avalanche of books could hardly have been other than morbid, but sometimes there are floating down the river to be captured by the readers twelfth little effort. These volumes, a reader of books past Sunday school tells us, shining from the dark depths of death and prison scenes, and were adopted together with the recommendation whispered to his well-worn caught the eye of the teacher, and found quickly to be missing from the shelves of the library. Others were praised in place, as the boy described the city which shows the first country in the sights of the city, with more edifying conversation as to its history, or, once again, the fun of a lightweight and attractive character, was presumably found in the story of a girl who was sitting on a stool at the knee of his mother, and while she hemmed all four sides of a handkerchief, listened to the account of missionary enterprise in the dark corners of the earth.

For us, a day of small illustrations are perhaps the most interesting feature, preserving as they do children's occupations and costumes. In a book to see girls and oddly frock buttoned pantaletted let kids in Sunday school. In another, entitled "Election Day" depicts two young boys watching from the square in front of Independence Hall, the delivery of votes for the President through a window of the landmark building - an image that emphasizes the change methods of casting the ballot since 1800 and twenty-eight.

That recorders were not always successful when they have to decorate the pages of the Sunday school books, many of them easily prove. Designers of woodcuts are sometimes lacking in imagination, when required to defend the Bible verses could not be better example than the favorite cartoon covers the interpretation of "My soul magnifies the Lord" as a man with a magnifying glass held over a blank space. Perhaps equal lack of imagination was often repeated the frontispiece of "streaming Mercy of the Cross, illustrated by a large cross with a glittering rain beating luxuriant hair of a lady languishing.

To us of to-day are the small illustrations Perhaps the most interesting feature, as They do Preserving Occupations and children's costumes. In one book we see quaintly frock and buttoned much pantaletted girls and boys in Sunday-school. In Another, ENTITLE "Election Day," are pictured two little lads watching, from the square in front of Independence Hall, the handing in of votes for the President Through a window of the famous building - a picture that Emphasize the change in Methods Since casting the ballot of eighteen hundred and twenty-eight.

That Were Not Always Successful engravers When Called Upon to embellish the pages of the Sunday-School Books, many of them to Easily prov. That the designers of woodcuts Were Lacking in imagination Sometimes When depicts Bible verses to oblige Can Have No Better Than the favorite example vignette on title-pages Portraying "My soul doth magnify the Lord" as the man with a magnifying glass over a blank space Held . Perhaps equal in Lack of imagination REPEATED Often Was the frontispiece of "Mercy streaming from the Cross," illustrated by a large cross with an effulgent rain beating upon the luxuriant tresses of a languishing lady.
