
The prominent part which General Kalergy has taken in the late revolution, and the romantic
incidents of his life, induce us to offer our readers a short sketch of his earlier career.
We have known him in circumstances when intercourse ensures intimacy; for we have sat together
round the same watch-fires, on the mountains of Argolis and Attica. To parody the words of
Anastasius, we saw him achieve his first deed of prowess, and we were present when he heard
his first praises. Hastings's lips have long been silenced by death, but the music of his applause
still rings in our ears.

Demetrius Kalergy is descended from a Cretan family, whose name is famous in the annals of
Candia. He was born in Russia, and was studying in Germany when the Greeks took up arms against
the Turks. His elder brothers, Nicolas and Manolis, having resolved to join the cause of their
countrymen, repaired to Marseilles, where, with the assistance of their uncle, a man of great
wealth in Russia, they freighted a vessel, and purchased a small train of artillery, consisting
of sixteen guns, and a considerable supply of muskets and ammunition. Demetrius, though then
only fifteen years of age, could not be restrained from joining them, and the three brothers
arrived in Greece together. The young Kalergy soon gave proofs of courage and military talents.
His second brother, Manolis, was killed during the siege of Athens; but the eldest, Nicolas,
a man who unites the accomplishments of a court to the sincerest feelings of patriotism, still
resides in Greece, universally respected. During the Bavarian sway he took no part in political
affairs; but he was elected a member of the national assembly, which has just terminated its
labours in preparing the constitution.

Demetrius Kalergy was first entrusted with an independent command in 1824, when the Peloponnesian
chiefs and primates, Kolokotroni, Londos, Notaras, Deliyani, Zaimi, and Sessini, endeavoured
to divide the Morea into a number of small principalities, of which they expected to secure
the revenues for themselves. In spite of Kalergy's youth, he was ordered to take the field
against the first corps of the rebels that had acted in open hostility to the existing government.
With his usual promptitude and decision, he attacked Panos Kolokotroni, the son of the old
Klepht, and Staïkos, a Moreote captain of some reputation, in the plain of Tripolitza, where
they were posted for the despicable purpose of intercepting the trains of mules laden with
merchandise for the supply of the shops of Tripolitza, then the great market of all the central
parts of the Morea.

The affair was really brilliant. The rebels were encamped on a low hill, and, not expecting
that Kalergy would depart from the usual practice of carrying on a long series of skirmishes,
they had paid no attention to their position.
