The dust, constituting the valuable part of the
product, is hurled out as fast as formed. In this style of machine, beaters are necessary not
only for pulverizing, but to get up rotary motion for generating centrifugal force. In the
classes preceding, the friction of the basket sufficed for this latter purpose; but here there
is no rotating basket and no definite charge. As the material falls through the machine, separation
takes place. Various kinds of ore may be treated in the same manner.

An "ore concentrator" (Pat. 254,123), as it is called, consists of a pan having rotary and
oscillatory motions. Crushed ore is delivered over the edge in water. The heavy particles of
the metal are thrown by centrifugal force against the rim of the pan, overcoming the force
of the water, which carries the sand and other impurities in toward the center and away.

AMALGAMATORS.--The best ore centrifugal or separator is what is called an "amalgamator." The
last invention (Pat. 355,958, White) consists essentially of a pan, a meridian section of which
would give a curve whose normal at any point is in the direction of the resultant of the centrifugal
force at that point and gravity. There is a cover to this pan whose convexity almost fits the
concavity of the pan, leaving a space of about an inch between. Crushed ore with water is admitted
at the center between the cover and the pan, and is driven by centrifugal force through a mass
of mercury (which occupies part of this space between the two) and out over the edge of the
pan. The particles of metal coming in contact with the mercury amalgamate, and as the speed
is regulated so that it is never great enough to hurl the mercury out, nothing but sand, water,
etc., escape. There have been many different constructions devised, but this general principle
runs through all. By having annular flanges running down from the cover with openings placed
alternately, the mixture is compelled to follow a tortuous course, thus giving time for all
the gold or other metal to become amalgamated. There are ridges in the pan, too, against which
the amalgam lodges. It is claimed for this machine that not a particle of the precious metal
is lost, and experiments seem to uphold the claim.

A machine for separating fine from coarse clay for porcelain or for separating the finer quality
of plumbago from the coarser for lead pencils uses an imperforate basket, against the wall
of which the coarser part banks and catches under the rim. The finer part forms an inner cylindrical
stratum, but is allowed to spill over the edge of the rim. The mixture is introduced at the
bottom of the basket at the center.

CLASS IV., GASES AND SOLIDS.--There is a very simple contrivance illustrating machines of this
class used to free air from dust or other heavy solid impurities which may be in suspension.
See Fig. 33.
