Dust, which is an important part of the product is thrown out as fast as formed. In this style of machine, the blades are necessary not only for pulverizing, but to get up rotating to generate centrifugal force. In previous classes, the friction basket sufficient for this purpose the latter, but here there is no basket nor a definitive duty rotation. As material falls through the machine, separation occurs. Different types of ore can be treated similarly.

A concentrator "ore" (Pat. 254,123), as it is called, consists of a rotating and oscillating movements pan. Crushed ore is delivered over the edge of the water. Heavy metal particles are thrown by centrifugal force against the rim of pan, effect of excess water, carrying sand and other impurities toward the center and away.

Valves .-- best ore or a centrifugal separator is what is called amalgamated. Last patent (Pat. 355,958 white) consists essentially of a pan, a meridian section which would give a curve whose normal direction at any point is the resultant of centrifugal force at that time and gravity. There is a coating on the pan which fits almost convexity concavity pan, leaving about an inch space between. ore water is admitted to the bar between the center cap and pan, and is driven by centrifugal force through a mass of mercury (which occupies a part of the space between the two) and over the edge of the pan. metal particles come into contact with mercury compound, and the speed is regulated so that it is never big enough to throw out the mercury, nothing but sand, water, etc., escape. There were many structures designed, but the general principle through all. By having annular flange running down on the lid with openings placed alternately, mixing is required to follow a tortuous course, thus giving time for all gold or other metal to become amalgamated. There are increases in the pan, also to making the mixture. This is supported on this machine, not a particle of the precious metal is lost, and experiments seem to accept the request.

A machine for separating fine from coarse china clay separation of coarse as fine graphite pencil lead using an imperforate basket, which banks coarse side wall and catches below the rim. Finally some form a cylindrical inner layer, but is allowed to spill over the rim edge. The mixture is placed in the bottom of the center stack.

Class IV., Gases and solids .-- There is a very simple mechanism illustrating cars in this class used in outdoor heavy dust or other impurities, which can be solid matter. See Fig. 33.
