The powder, which is the valuable part of the product is thrown out as soon as it is formed. In this type of machine that bat not only to crush, but to reach a rotary motion to create centrifugal force. In the classes in advance, probably the friction curve for this purpose, but there is no basket rotation, and no specific title. As the material falls through the machine, the separation takes place. The different types of ore can be treated similarly.

A hub of ore "(Pat 254 123), as it is called, consists of a pot with rotating and oscillating movements. Delivered on the ground mineral water's edge. The metal particles are thrown by centrifugal force against the edge of the pot, overcoming the force of the water-bearing sand and other impurities in the center and distance.

Mixing .-- The centrifugal separator or rather a mineral called amalgamation "." The latest invention (Pat 355 958, white) consists essentially of a pot, a part of the meridian, which would give a normal curve is that at any moment in the direction of the resultant of centrifugal force at that time and gravity. There is a cover of this pan-European if convexity nearly matches the concave plate, leaving a space of about an inch apart. ground mineral water is included in the center between the lid and the pan, and is driven by centrifugal force through a mass of mercury (which occupies a part of this space in between), and on the edge of the pan . Metal particles come into contact with mercury fuse and regulate its speed, so you never large enough to launch the Mercury, nothing but sand, water, and so escape. There have been many different designs conceived, but the general principle is found in all. By having annular ridges descending from the top with openings are arranged alternately mixture to undergo a complicated course and thus giving time for all the gold or other metals to fuse. There are chains of mountains on the front, on which the cabins of amalgam. It is claimed for this machine that not one particle of the precious metal has been lost, and the experiments seem to support the demand.

A machine for separation of fine porcelain clay ordinary plumbago or to separate the finest quality of the thick pencil you are using an imperforate basket against the wall as banks thickest part and catch the edge. The thinnest part is a cylindrical inner layer, but is allowed to spill on the edge of the rim. The mixture is placed in the bottom of the basket in the center.

CLASS IV., Gases and solids .-- There is a very simple device illustrated machines of this class is used to air free of dust or other solid impurities in excess may be suspended. See figure. 33rd
