And yet he witnessed much more of that throng of people than we might have, had we been present.  What was this power of sight that we lacked?"

The assembled girls and boys sat mute, thinking, until Amy piped up and asked, "Was it their hearts?"

Mrs. Mordaunt said sweetly, "It was -- he saw how his word differently affected the hearts of those around him. So he taught everyone there a lesson which we have traditionally named--"

"The parable of the sower," Kitty cut in.

Mrs. Mordaunt questioned the children about the aforementioned parable to make sure they fully grasped the story.

"Now, little ones, this classroom and its painted walls are a far cry from the beaches of the Sea of Galilee.  And you, little ones, with your nice proper homes and your bibles and your churches, you think of yourselves very differently from the priests and prosecutors and workers and farmers and soldiers who were with our lord Jesus Christ in those times.  But as with them, Jesus sees a divide in your time -- not in poverty or brilliance -- but in those who believe in his teachings and those who don't.  Which of the two groups do you belong to?

Kitty replied quickly, "Those who believe, teacher."

Half of the children were quiet, and half spoke with Kitty.

"You all can be Jesus' disciples," Mrs. Mordaunt said. "He summons you, and you can go to him on your own, as the apostles did, and pray to him in private.  His teachings will be made clear to you if you want them to. You will all embody his teachings many times over.

"Understand that though there are only two predominant classes of people in the world -- people who embody Jesus' words and those who don't -- but there are smaller distinctions as well. Some of you can only understand the superficial value of these lessons and teachings and never ponder them again -- just like those who leave church and abandon the lessons preached there.  Satan and his followers appear the moment the words of God fade from your consciousness and try to plant their own, evil lessons. But those of you who hear about Christ and hear about his teachings and truly understand -- you will be his children and always be well-intentioned, forward thinking, and pure.
