But he saw more of that crowd
than we should have seen if we had been there. What was it that he saw which we cannot see?"

The children were silent a minute, and then Amy murmured, "Was it their hearts, ma'am?"

Mrs. Mordaunt replied kindly, "Yes; and he saw how differently his words would tell on the
hearts of the crowd around. And so he taught them a lesson in this story which we call--"

"The parable of the sower," said Kitty quickly.

Then Mrs. Mordaunt examined the children about the parable, and finding they had attended to
it and understood it, she talked to them about it.

"Now, dear children," she said, "this school-room, with its whitewashed walls, is a very different
place from the shores of the Sea of Galilee; and you, little children, with your pleasant English
homes, and your Bibles, and your Sunday schools, I daresay think yourselves very different
from the grave priests, and clever lawyers, and rough Hebrew labourers and farmers, and Roman
soldiers, who gathered around the Saviour then. But among you, as among that multitude, who
have so long since gone the way of all the earth, the eye of Jesus Christ (for he sees here
as well as there) sees two great divisions, not of rich and poor, or clever and stupid, but
of those who are his disciples and those who are not. Which class would you like to belong to?"

Kitty answered eagerly, "His disciples, ma'am."

Some of the children were silent, and some spoke with Kitty; but little Amy said nothing--the
tears filled her eyes and choked her voice.

"You may all be Christ's little disciples," said Mrs. Mordaunt. "He calls you to him. You may
all come to him privately, as the disciples did; pray to him in secret, and have his words
made clear to you, if you will. You may all bring forth fruit to his glory, thirty, or sixty,
or a hundred fold.

"You see," she continued, "although there are only two great bodies or parties in the world,--those
in whom Christ's words live, and those in whom they die,--yet there are many smaller differences
among each of these parties. Some of the seed in the parable fell merely on the surface, and
never was seen any more after it was sown: just as, I am afraid, some of you have often left
all thoughts of God behind when you left the school or the church, and never thought of him
or his words from one Sunday to another. The fowls of the air--that is, some light thought
or play, or Satan, who goes about to put these in your heart--come the moment the words die
on your ear, and take the good seed quite away. And then some of you like to hear about Christ,
and his words and works, and are quick, and easily understand and take in new thoughts, and,
perhaps, think you would like to be good children, and to love Christ, and be his disciples,
and go home and go to sleep full of good intentions and plans of correcting your faults.
