The god Terminus is held in no respect. No Greek, from the highest to the lowest, understands the meaning of that absolute right of properly "which", as Blackstone says, "consists in the free use, enjoyment, and disposal by every English of all his acquistions, without control or diminution, save only by the lawa of the land."

The appropriation of Mr.Finly's land by King Otho, without measuremant, evaluation, or payment, to make a garden for his palace--the formation of a great road leading to the French minister's house, by the municipality of Athens, without indemnifying the owmers of the land. through a road sufficiently good already existed-- and the confiscation of half the estates purchased by foreigners from the Turks by Maurocodatos, when Minister of finace under the Bavarian Regency, in a ministerial circular deciding on rights of property, are mere trifiling examples of the iniveral spirit. When Manurocordatos wrote his memorable declaration, "that every spot where wild herbs, fit for the pasturage of cattle, grow, is national property, and that the Greek government recognises no individual property in the soil except the exclusive fight of cultivation," he only, in deference to the Bavarian policy of the time, which wished to copy Mohammed Alis's administration in Egypt, caricated a misconception of the right of property equally strong in every Greek, wheather he be the oppressor or the oppressed. Even the late National Assembly has not throught it necessery to correct any of the invasions of private property by the preceding despotism. Individuals, almost ruined by the plunder of their land, have not even received the offer of an indeminity, though the justice of their claims is not denied. (C)

The orgin of this national obtuseness of mind on a question of interest, is to be found in the system of taxing the land. A Greek really views land somewhat as English labourers view game. The owner of the soil is absolute proprietor only during those months in which he is engaged in the labours of preparing the land sowing the seed. As soon as the harvest time arrives, he ceases to master of his estate, and sinks into the condition of a serf of the revenue officer, or of the farmer of the land revenue. It is true, that the government tax only amounts to a tenth of the gross produce of the soil; but, in virtue of this right to a tenth, government ssumes the entire sirection of all the agricultural operations relating to the crops, and cultivator's nine-trenths (for it is really a misnomer to call him properietor) become a mere adjunct of the government tenth.

Many of our readers, who are unacquainted with Eastern life, amny suppose that we colour picture too strongly. In order, therefore, to divest our statement of all ornament, we shall describe the whole of the events of an agricultural year.
