Edward Waldegrave was buried Feb. 13, 1621, aged about sixty-eight.

The large monument in Lawford church is for the father of this Edward Waldegrave, who died in 1584.

D. A. Y.

Proclamation of Langholme Fair (Vol. iii., p. 56.).--MONKBARNS wishes the meaning of the choice
expressions in the proclamation. They may be explained as follows:--Hustrin, hustling, or riotously
inclined, being so consonanted to make it alliterate with custrin, spelt by Jamieson, custroun,
and signifying a pitiful fellow. Chaucer has the word truston in this sense.

Land-louper, one who runs over the country, a vagabond.

Dukes-couper I take to be a petty dealer in ducks or poultry, and to be used in a reproachful
sense, as we find "pedlar," "jockey," &c.

Gang-y-gate swinger, a fighting man, who goes swaggering in the road (or gate); a roisterer
who takes the wall of every one. Swing is an old word for a stroke or blow.

Durdam is an old word meaning an uproar, and akin to the Welsh word dowrd. Urdam may be a corruption
of whoredom, but is more probably prefixed to the genuine word as a co-sounding expletive.

Brabblement seems to be a derivative from the Scotch verb "bra," to make a loud and disagreeable
noise (see Jamieson); and squabblement explains itself.

Lugs, ears; tacked, nailed; trone, an old word, properly signifying the public weighing-machine,
and sometimes used for the pillory.

A nail o' twal-a-penny is, of course, a nail of that size and sort of which twelve are bought
for a penny.

Until he down of his hobshanks, and up with his muckle doubs, evidently means, until he goes
down on his knees and raises his hands. Hobshanks is, I think, still in common use. Of doubs
I can give no explanation.

W. T. M.

    Edinburgh, Jan. 29th.

Burying in Church Walls (Vol. iii., p. 37.).--To {157} the examples mentioned by N. of tombs
in church walls, may be added the remarkable ones at Bottisham, Cambridgeshire. There are several
of these in the south aisle, with arches internally and externally: the wall between resting
on the coffin lid. They are, of course, coeval with the church, which is fine early Decorated.
They are considered, I believe, to be memorials of the priors of Anglesey, a neighbouring religious
house. They will, no doubt, be fully elucidated in the memoir of Bottisham and Anglesey, which
is understood to be in preparation by members of the Cambridge Antiquarian Society. At Trumpington,
in the same county, is a recessed tomb of Decorated date, in the south wall of the chancel,
externally.

C. R. M.

Defender of the Faith (Vol. ii., pp. 442. 481.; Vol. iii., pp. 9. 94.).--Should not King Edward
the Confessor's claim to defend the church as God's Vicar be added to the several valuable
notices in relation to the title Defender of the Faith, with which some of your learned contributors
have favoured us through your pages?
