Edward Waldegrave was buried February 13, 1621 aged about 68.

Large monument in the Church Lawford is the father of Edward Waldegrave, who died in 1584.

A good attack.

Announcement Langholme Fair (iii chapter., P. 56 .).-- MONKBARNS to express the meaning of alternatives in the declaration. They may be described as follows: - quickly Hustrin, or tilt the chaos, so to be consonanted custrin alliterate with spelling by Jamieson, custroun and signifying a friend Chaucer truston pathetic words in this aspect.

Land - louper work more than one country vagabond

Dukes - couper I represent in retail poultry and ducks, or to use in our shame. Find a "peddler" Jockey ", and c.

swinger Gang - y - gate as people struggle to strut on the road (or gate); Reveler at the walls of all Swing As you stroke or blow

Durdam As you hustle and meaning similar to a Welsh dowrd Urdam of whoredom, but may be damaged leading up to the original terms added together to vote.

Brabblement likely to derive from the verb Scotch bra "," so loud and annoying (see Jamieson) and squabblement describe themselves.

Lugs, ear; tacked, nailed; trone, older people are signifying a scale and sometimes for the pillory

o Nail A'twal - a Ride is definitely nail size and sort of have to buy 12 silver

Hobshanks until he's down with him and he Doubs muckle clear that until he goes down to his knees and made his hand Hobshanks I think that is still used in common Doubs I can not give an explanation.

W TM.

Edinburgh, 29 January

Burying the church walls, (iii chapter., P. 37 .).-- To (157) examples mentioned by N. wall of the tomb in the church, more people may be amazing to Bottisham, Cambridgeshire. Many of these channels under the arches inside and outside: the walls rest on the coffin lid. Of course they are in age. Same church, a fine start dressing. They assume that I believe that To commemorate the priors of Anglesey, home, religion nearby They suspect are not elucidated fully in the machine around to writing up the memories of Bottisham and Anglesey, which is understandable in preparation by members of the Cambridge ancient society Trumpington in the same tomb recess on decoration. in the south wall of the pavilion outside the subject.

CR M.

.).-- Pp, Defender of Faith (ii chapter. Pp,. 442. 481.; Vol. Iii.. 9. 94 King Edward should not be referred to confess to protect the Church of Christ is God. add in Announced several key with a Defender of the faith with the knowledge of your love to us through your pages.
