With your consent, I shall have the credit of escorting you to the opera, where you will be amazed to listen to song in parts; that once more is a skill strange to you. [7] Here, madam, is a tiny telescope, contain the kindness to affect your eye to this glass, and glance at that house which is a union off. 

Tullia.-Eternal gods! The house is currently at the end of the telescope, and appears a lot bigger than before. 

Duke.-Fine, madam, it is by means of such a toy that we have exposed fresh heavens, yet as by means of a spine, we have turn into familiar with a latest world. Do you notice this additional polished gadget, in which is inserted a tiny glass cylinder? With this trifle, we are enabled to find out the just share of the mass of the atmosphere. After a lot fault and doubt, there arise a man who exposed the first standard of environment, the reason of mass, and who has established that the stars weigh upon the earth and the earth ahead the stars. He has furthermore unthreaded the luminosity of the sun, as ladies unthread a hankie of gold. 

Tullia.-Pardon? Sir, be it to unthread? 

Duke.-Madam, the corresponding of this word will barely be found in the orations of Cicero. It is to unweave a matter, to illustrate out line by line, so as to split the gold. so has Newton done by the emission of the sun, the stars too have submitted to him; and one Locke has accomplished as a lot by the Human Understanding. 

Tullia.-You identify a vast deal for a duke and a gaze of the empire; you appear to me further educated than to literary man who wished me to assume his verses superior, and you are far more civil. 

Duke.-Madam, I have been enhanced brought up; but as to my awareness it is just ordinary. Young citizens at the present, while they leave school, recognize a lot further than all the philosophers of ancient times. It is merely a shame that we comprise, in Europe, substituted half-a-dozen deficient jargons, for the excellent Latin language, of which your father prepared so dignified a use; but among such discourteous outfit we have created, even in the belles’ letters, a few extremely fair works. 

Tullia.-The nations who succeeded the Romans should wants have lived in a condition of reflective calm, and have enjoyed a stable sequence of enormous men, from my father's time until at present, to have made-up  several fresh arts, and to have turn into familiar so closely with bliss and soil. 

Duke.-By no resources, madam, we are ourselves, a few of those barbarians, who roughly all come from Scythia, and shattered your kingdom, and the arts and sciences. We lived for seven or eight centuries similar to savages, and to complete our barbarism, were swamped with a chase of men termed monks, who brutified, in Europe, that human type which you had occupied and enlightened. But what will mainly amaze you is that in the concluding ages of unawareness amongst these very monks, these very enemies to society, environment nurtured several constructive men.
