By your permission, I shall have the honour
of escorting you to the opera, where you will be astonished to hear song in parts; that again
is an art unknown to you.[7] Here, madam, is a small telescope, have the goodness to apply
your eye to this glass, and look at that house which is a league off.

Tullia.--Immortal gods! the house is now at the end of the telescope, and appears much larger
than before.

Duke.--Well, madam, it is by means of such a toy that we have discovered new heavens, even
as by means of a needle, we have become acquainted with a new earth. Do you see this other
varnished instrument, in which is inserted a small glass tube? by this trifle, we are enabled
to discover the just proportion of the weight of the atmosphere. After much error and uncertainty,
there arose a man who discovered the first principle of nature, the cause of weight, and who
has demonstrated that the stars weigh upon the earth, and the earth upon the stars. He has
also unthreaded the light of the sun, as ladies unthread a tissue of gold.

Tullia.--What, sir, is it to unthread?

Duke.--Madam, the equivalent of this term will scarcely be found in the orations of Cicero.
It is to unweave a stuff, to draw out thread by thread, so as to separate the gold. Thus has
Newton done by the rays of the sun, the stars also have submitted to him; and one Locke has
accomplished as much by the Human Understanding.

Tullia.--You know a great deal for a duke and a peer of the realm; you seem to me more learned
than that literary man who wished me to think his verses good, and you are far more polite.

Duke.--Madam, I have been better brought up; but as to my knowledge it is merely commonplace.
Young people now, when they quit school, know much more than all the philosophers of antiquity.
It is only a pity that we have, in Europe, substituted half-a-dozen imperfect jargons, for
the fine Latin language, of which your father made so noble a use; but with such rude implements
we have produced, even in the belles lettres, some very fair works.

Tullia.--The nations who succeeded the Romans must needs have lived in a state of profound
peace, and have enjoyed a constant succession of great men, from my father's time until now,
to have invented so many new arts, and to have become acquainted so intimately with heaven
and earth.

Duke.--By no means, madam, we are ourselves, some of those barbarians, who almost all came
from Scythia, and destroyed your empire, and the arts and sciences. We lived for seven or eight
centuries like savages, and to complete our barbarism, were inundated with a race of men termed
monks, who brutified, in Europe, that human species which you had conquered and enlightened.
But what will most astonish you is, that in the latter ages of ignorance amongst these very
monks, these very enemies to civilization, nature nurtured some useful men.
