The opium dens, while right under the noses of the denizens of the city, were usually concealed underground.

At the time, most of Chinatown's residents lived where they could afford to: in murky and filthy rooms crowded into basement.  The well-to-do -- merchants and importers primarily -- lived in opulence and comfort while the rest, unskilled laborers and even better educated and appointed middle classes, could only afford to live in the most marginal conditions: in the cellars.

The population of Chinatown was nearly all male. Less than one half of one percent of the twenty-four thousand crowded into its dark reaches were women.  Men and women dressed in the same style of clothing.  Many were married, but their wives remained in China, waiting for their husbands to return with their savings one day.  Thus, effectively, Chinatown was a men's dormitory, and the custom was for ten to share crowded bunks in a basement cell, the average size of which was only 6 by 10 feet. The rooms were without fresh air, and whatever there was to breath was poisoned by the unventilated charcoal fires over which the men would cook.

Densely populated as these rooms were, Chinatown's population had fallen after the Exclusion Act limited the number of new emigrees and after many who had earned their fortunes had returned to China without fresh workers to replace them.  There were approximately 1,000 men here who were native-born citizens and had the right to vote.

At the time, an adventurous visitor to Chinatown could have gone to see the Chinese Theater.  This was not easily done, as the entrances to the theaters usually wound through the backs of alleys and then through a confusion of labyrinthine stairwells and ladders.  Still, for an admission fee of fifty cents, a white visitor (of which there were very few) could sit in one of the half-dozen or so seats reserved seats at the side of the stage, which were kept for "foreigners," as the Americans were known to Chinese residents. The actors, in full Oriental costume, were accompanied by the strange shrill cacophony of the Chinese orchestra.

A sign tacked to a street-level door, reading "Merchants' Social Club: None but Members Admitted," and accompanied by an iron-covered peep-hole to the side and Chinese characters on an ajacent walls, concealed a gambling establishment.  These were legal clubs whose doors  admitted only Chinese who were not bothered by the local police while they gambled.  You may accuse me of being an absurd racist, but I can tell you that the man of China is predictable when it comes to gambling: he cannot resist taking a chance on even the steepest odds. Possibly, English or Russian men, bored and crowded into a city like this Chinese borough, would fall into the same habits.
