"There is
a straw pallet," Marguérite added, "where you can sleep, and nobody the wiser." I yielded.
The good woman warmed some soup, and the storm not abating, I lay down to rest--to rest, do
I say?' shouted Delessert, jumping madly to his feet, and pacing furiously to and fro--'the
rest of devils! My blood was in a flame; and rage, hate, despair, blew the consuming fire by
turns. I thought how I had been plundered by the mercenary ruffian sleeping securely, as he
thought, within a dozen yards of the man he had ruined--sleeping securely just beyond the room
containing the secrétaire in which the mortgage-deed of which I had been swindled was deposited'----

'Oh, father!' gasped the son.

'Be silent, boy, and you shall know all! It may be that I dreamed all this, for I think the
creaking of a door, and a stealthy step on the stair, awoke me; but perhaps that, too, was
part of the dream. However, I was at last wide awake, and I got up and looked out on the cold
night. The storm had passed, and the moon had temporarily broken through the heavy clouds by
which she was encompassed. Marguérite had said I might let myself out, and I resolved to depart
at once. I was doing so, when, looking round, I perceived that the notary's office-door was
ajar. Instantly a demon whispered, that although the law was restored, it was still blind and
deaf as ever--could not see or hear in that dark silence--and that I might easily baffle the
cheating usurer after all. Swiftly and softly, I darted towards the half-opened door--entered.
The notary's secrétaire, Antoine, was wide open! I hunted with shaking hands for the deed,
but could not find it. There was money in the drawers, and I--I think I should have taken some--did
perhaps, I hardly know how--when I heard, or thought I did, a rustling sound not far off. I
gazed wildly round, and plainly saw in the notary's bedroom--the door of which, I had not before
observed, was partly open--the shadow of a man's figure clearly traced by the faint moonlight
on the floor. I ran out of the room, and out of the house, with the speed of a madman, and
here--here I am!' This said, he threw himself into a seat, and covered his face with his hands.

'That is a chink of money,' said Le Bossu, who had listened in dumb dismay to his father's
concluding narrative. 'You had none, you said, when at the wine-shop.'

'Money! Ah, it may be as I said---- Thunder of heaven!' cried the wretched man, again fiercely
springing to his feet, 'I am lost!'

'I fear so,' replied a commissaire de police, who had suddenly entered, accompanied by several
gendarmes--'if it be true, as we suspect, that you are the assassin of the notary Destouches.'

The assassin of the notary Destouches! Le Bossu heard but these words, and when he recovered
consciousness, he found himself alone, save for the presence of a neighbour, who had been summoned
to his assistance.
