"There is a straw tick," said Margarita, where you can sleep, and no wiser. "I gave. The good woman warmed some soup, and the storm did not fall, I lay down to rest - to rest, nay Delessert shouted, jumping madly to their feet, and the furious pace here and there - the rest ' the demons! My blood was on fire, and the anger, hatred, despair, and blew the fire that consumed by turns. I thought it had been ransacked by rogue mercenaries safe sleep, as he thought, in a dozen yards of the man who had ruined - sleep safely beyond the room containing the secretaire in the writing of the mortgage, which had been deposited was swindled '----

"Oh, father," gasped the child.

"Shut up, boy, and you will know everything! May be that I dreamed all this, because I think the creak of a door, and a stealthy step on the stairs, I woke up, but perhaps that too was part of the dream. However, I wake up at last and I got up and looked out the cold night. The storm had passed, and the moon had temporarily broken through the heavy clouds for which she was surrounded. Margarita had said I could let out, and decided to leave at once. I was doing, where, looking around, I realized that the notary's office door was ajar. At once a demon whispered, that while the law was restored, he was still blind and deaf as always - I could not see or hear in the silence deep - and could easily confuse the usurer cheating after all. Quickly and quietly, that plunged into the open door - entered. secrétaire the notary, Antoine, was open! I looked with trembling hands for writing, but could not find it. There was money in the drawers, and I - I think I should have had some - not maybe, I do not know how - when I heard, or what I, a rumor and not far away. I looked frantically around, and saw clearly in the bedroom of the notary - whose door had not noticed before, was partially open - the shadow of the figure of a man clearly drawn by the light of Moon low in the ground. I ran out of the room, and outside the home, with the speed of a madman, and here - here I am! "That said, threw himself on a chair and covered her face with her hands.

"That money is a crack," Le Bossu, who had listened with horror the story moved to the celebration of his father. "You did not have one, you said, when at the tavern.

"Money!" Ah, it can be as I said ---- Thunder of heaven! "Cried the unhappy once again standing up fiercely," I'm lost!

"I'm afraid so," said a police commissioner, who had come suddenly, accompanied by several gendarmes - 'if it is true, as we suspect, that you are the murderer of Destouches notary.

The murderer of Destouches notary! Le Bossu heard, but these words, and when he regained consciousness, he found himself alone, save for the presence of a neighbor who had been called to their aid.
