A people who for hundreds of years patiently endured conscription in its most cruel form will never again suffer, it is easily caused them.

APPENDIX

ADMIRAL YOUNG'S Torpedo

Dear Nepean - I enclose a little project for destroying enemy Flat Boats if they venture over to our Coast, which you can preach, if you please, to your Sea Lords coming from some anonymous correspondent. If they can improve it, make it useful, I am happy with it, and if they think it is good for something and throw it into the fire, no damage occurred. By communicating army must require a very large number of boats that must be very close, if many of these vessels, which I propose should be among them, they must necessarily commit great havoc. I can not verify that the blocks or logs would be strong enough to throw the shot without bursting, or whether they would not throw the shot though they should burst. I think that they would not burst, and so do some Officers of Artillery here, but there can be determined by experiment at any time. This kind of four-vessel will have the advantage of costing very little and are without service for Enemy should it fall into their hands.

W. Young. Lewes, 14 August 1803rd

Secret

"The success of an attempt to land an army on an Enemy's Coast, whose Army is prepared to prevent it, depends largely on the legality of the order in which boats or vessels are arranged and transporting troops on Shore, and everything thus contributing to breaking the order will so far contribute to success more doubtful, particularly if in breaking the order, some of the Boats or Vessels are destroyed. For this purpose, fire ships well managed will be found very useful, and I must therefore think of all the King's Ports, and in all places where the enemy can be expected to attempt a landing with warships or other large vessels are large quantities of materials for mounting fire ships according to the latest method would be kept ready for to be put on board the small vessels of the enemy's approach, but since such ships would have little or no effect on gunboats or Flat Boats to machines made in order to destroy them by fire, and explosion. The shot must be large, but as they will require to be thrown, but a short distance, and will only have a thin-sided craft to penetrate, machinery strong enough to withstand the efforts of the small amount of powder needed to throw them may probably be made of wood, either by making several chambers in a thick block, as No. 1 or a chamber at each end of a log as No. 2, which can be used either separately or fastened together. Vents should communicate with each other through of quick Match, which should be carefully covered to prevent his victim, or being moved by things around.
