A community which patiently tolerated mobilization in its most unkind form for a hundred years will never again undergo it to be lightly imposed upon them.
APPENDIX
ADMIRAL YOUNG'S TORPEDO

DEAR NEPEAN, - if the Enemy’s flatboats venture over to our coast, I am enclosing a little project for destroying them, which you can show, if you like, to your Sea lords as coming from an anonymous source. If they can make it better to make it more useful, then I shall be pleased, but if they think it is useless and throw it away, there is no harm done. The transmission of an Army requires a very large number of Boats that have to be very close to each other and as per my proposal, if many such vessels get among them, they are likely to commit a great disorder. I am not sure whether the blocks or logs of wood would be strong enough to throw the shot without bursting or if they will not throw the shot even though they will burst. I am of the opinion that it will not burst and so are some officers of artillery here, but that will only be determined by experimenting at any time. This type of Fire-Vessel will be very cost effective as it will cost very little and it will be of no use to the Enemy, if it falls into their hands. 

W. YOUNG. LEWES, 14 Aug. 1803.
Secret
If an attempt is made to ground an Army on the Enemy’s Coast, whose Army is equipped to prevent it, it’s success will depend to a large extent on the reliability of the order in which the Boats and Vessels that carry the troops are set. Hence, everything that contributes to breaking of that order will make it unsuccessful, especially if some boats or vessels are destroyed in breaking the order. Therefore, Fireships that are well managed will be very useful. For this reason, I think that at the King’s ports and in all such places where the Enemy can be expected to make a landing with ships of war or other large vessels, significant quantities of resources for installing fireships as per the latest methods should be kept ready to be used on any small vessels when the Enemies approach. However, as these small vessels would not have much effect on the Gunboats or Flatboats, machines could be made to destroy them either by a shot or explosion. Though the shot should be large, but it would be required to be thrown at a short distance and will have only thin-sided vessels to infiltrate. Hence, the machines required for it should be strong enough to tolerate the exertion of the small amount of powder required to throw the shot. These should probably be made of wood, either by making several chambers in one thick block or alternately one chamber at the end of a log which may be used either independently or secured together. The vents should communicate with each other by means of a quick Match, which should be very carefully covered to prevent its sustaining damage, or by being stimulated by things carried about.
