A people who for a hundred years patiently endured
conscription in its most cruel form will never again suffer it to be lightly inflicted upon them.

APPENDIX

ADMIRAL YOUNG'S TORPEDO

DEAR NEPEAN,--I enclose a little project for destroying the Enemy's Flatboats if they venture
over to our Coast, which you may shew, if you please, to your Sea Lords as coming from some
anonymous correspondent. If they can improve upon it so as to make it useful, I shall be glad
of it; and if they think it good for nothing, and throw it in the fire, there is no harm done.
As the conveying an Army must require a very great number of Boats, which must be very near
each other, if many such vessels as I propose should get among them, they must necessarily
commit great havoc. I cannot ascertain whether the blocks or logs of wood would be strong enough
to throw the shot without bursting, or whether they would not throw the shot though they should
burst. I think they would not burst, and so do some Officers of Artillery here; but that might
be ascertained by experiment at any time. This sort of Fire-vessel will have the advantage
of costing very little; and of being of no service to the Enemy should it fall into their hands.

W. YOUNG. LEWES, 14 Aug. 1803.

Secret

"The success of an attempt to land an Army on an Enemy's Coast, whose Army is prepared to prevent
it, will depend in a great degree on the regularity of the order in which the Boats, or Vessels,
are arranged, that carry the Troops on Shore; everything therefore which contributes to the
breaking of that order will so far contribute to render success more doubtful; especially if,
in breaking the order, some of the Boats or Vessels are destroyed. For this purpose Fireships
well managed will be found very useful; I should therefore think that, at all the King's Ports,
and at all places where the Enemy may be expected to attempt a landing with Ships of War or
other large Vessels, considerable quantities of materials for fitting Fireships according to
the latest method should be kept ready to be put on board any small Vessels on the Enemy's
approach; but, as such Vessels would have little or no effect on Gunboats or Flatboats, machines
might be made for the purpose of destroying them, by shot, and by explosion. The Shot should
be large, but as they will require to be thrown but a short distance, and will have only thin-sided
Vessels to penetrate, Machines strong enough to resist the effort of the small quantity of
Powder necessary to throw them may probably be made of wood; either by making several chambers
in one thick Block, as No. 1, or one chamber at each end of a log as No. 2, which may be used
either separately, or fastened together. The Vents should communicate with each other by means
of quick Match, which should be very carefully covered to prevent its sustaining damage, or
being moved by things carried about.
