The same is also confirmed from exposition of Holy Scripture. For whereas it is said "Thou
shalt not offer unto devils," the original word is Seghuirim, i. e. rough and hairy goats;
because in that shape the devil most often appeared, as is expounded by the rabbins, as Tremellius
hath also explained; and as the word Ascimah, the God of Emath, is by some explained.' Dr.
Joseph Mede, a pious and learned divine, author of the esteemed 'Key to the Apocalypse,' pronounces
that 'the devil could not appear in human shape while man was in his integrity, because he
was a spirit fallen from his first glorious perfection, and therefore must appear in such shape
which might argue his imperfection and abasement, which was the shape of a beast; otherwise
[he plausibly contends] no reason can be given why he should not rather have appeared to Eve
in the shape of a woman than of a serpent. But since the fall of man the case is altered; now
we know he can take upon him the shape of a man. He appears in the shape of man's imperfection
rather for age or deformity, as like an old man (for so the witches say); and, perhaps, it
is not altogether false, which is vulgarly affirmed, that the devil appearing in human shape
has always a deformity of some uncouth member or other, as though he could not yet take upon
him human shape entirely, for that man is not entirely and utterly fallen as he is.' Whatever
form he may assume, the cloven foot must always be visible under every disguise; and Othello
looks first for that fabulous but certain sign when he scrutinises his treacherous friend.

Reginald Scot's reminiscences of what was instilled into him in the nursery may possibly occur
to some even at this day. 'In our childhood,' he complains, 'our mothers' maids have so terrified
us with an ugly devil having horns on his head, fire in his mouth, a tail in his breech, eyes
like a bison, fangs like a dog, a skin like a niger, a voice roaring like a lion, whereby we
start and are afraid when we hear one cry Boh!' Chaucer has expressed the belief of his age
on the subject. It seems to have been a proper duty of a parish priest to bring to the notice
of his ecclesiastical superior, with other crimes, those of sorcery. The Friar describes his
'Erchedeken' as one--

    That boldely didde execucioun
    In punyschying of fornicacioun,
    Of wicchecraft....

This ecclesiastic employed in his service a subordinate 'sompnour,' who, in the course of his
official duty, one day meets a devil, whose 'dwellynge is in Helle,' who condescends to enlighten
the officer on the dark subject of demon-apparitions:--

    When us liketh we can take us on
    Or ellis make you seme that we ben schape
    Som tyme like a man or like an ape;
    Or like an aungel can I ryde or go:
    It is no wonder thing though it be so,
    A lowsy jogelour can deceyve the;
    And, parfay, yet can I more craft than he.
