The same is also confirmed by the exposition of Holy Scripture. For it is said: "You must not offer you devils," the original word is Seghuirim, ie rough and hairy goats because in this way the devil often appeared, as defined by the rabbi who Tremellius hath also explained, and when word Ascimah God Emath takes some explanation. "Dr. Joseph granted, a pious and learned divine, author of the prestigious" Key to the Apocalypse ", says that 'the devil could not appear in human form, while the man was in his integrity because he was a spirit fallen from his first glorious perfection, and therefore must be in a form that could argue his imperfection and humiliation, which was shaped like an animal, otherwise [he plausibly listed] no reason given why he should not rather have appeared to Eve in the form of a woman than a hose. But since the fall of matter has changed, now we know he can take his likeness of a man. He appears in the form of man's imperfection rather to age or abnormality, which as an old man (as witches say) and maybe it's not completely wrong, which is corny confirmed that devil in human form has always a deformity of some uncouth member or other, as if he still could not take him completely human form, because that man is not totally diminished as he is. "Whatever form he can assume that the cloven foot must always be visible in any disguise, and Othello looks first for that fabulous, but certain characters when he examines his treacherous friend.

Reginald Scot's reminiscent of what was instilled in him in kindergarten, may occur some even to this day. 'In our childhood, "he complains," our mothers' maids have so terrified us with an ugly devil having horns on his head, fire in the mouth, a tail in his breech presentation, eyes like a bison, fangs like a dog, a skin which a niger, a voice roaring like a lion, where we start and are afraid when we hear a cry Boh! 'Chaucer has expressed faith in his age on the subject. It seems to have been a proper duty of a priest to call attention to his ecclesiastical superior, with other crimes of witchcraft. The Friar describes his 'Erchedeken' as a -

It boldely Didde execucioun In punyschying of fornicacioun, Of wicchecraft ....

This clerical employee in his service a subordinate "sompnour, 'which in the course of his official duty, one day meetings a devil whose' dwellynge in Helle, 'who condescends to inform the officer on the dark subject of demon-visions: -

When we liketh we can take care of Ellis Or do you seme that we ben Schaper BY tyme as a man or a monkey; Or as a aungel I can Ryde or go: It's no wonder things about it then, A lowsy jogelour can deceyve it; parfay And I can even more craft than he.
