Yes, if it please you, once, and never
but once. With that his Wife with open mouth came to him, O Villain, said she, art not thou
asham'd thus falsly to accuse me to my Husband, because thy own base wicked inclinations are
now brought to light? Hast thou not been soliciting of me to act Uncleanness with thee, a long
time, and I refus'd it always? Nay, didst thou not intice me to it Yesterday, and I appointed
thee to come to Night, because I knew my Husband wou'd be at home to give thee thy Reward?
Let the Maid speak, I won't be my own Judge--Yes, Sir, reply'd the Maid, I know that what my
Mistress says is true--

The Goldsmith then seeming to look more wistly at him, What, Mr. Bramble says he, as if he'd
been surpriz'd: Is't you that did intend to claw me off thus? And then to mend the matter,
go to accuse my Wife too, as if she had been Dishonest with you; when I am satisfied there
e'nt an honester Woman in the Kingdom. Why to be plain with ye, 'tis she that has discover'd
all your Roguery: As soon as he heard that, lifting up his Hands and Eyes, O the Deceit, said
he, that is in Women! Pray give me leave to put my Cloaths on, and then hear me what I have
to say--No, says the Goldsmith, I'll not part with these Cloaths; but yet I'll lend you something
to cover your Nakedness with all; and then bid the Maid to reach him an old Suit of his. Which
having put on, Now, says he, give me but leave to speak, and I will tell you how false that
Woman is: Come, said the Goldsmith, let's hear what you have to say. Upon which Bramble thus began.

I must confess my Fault; I do acknowledge I did oft-times solicite your Wife to let me lie
with her, and I must do her that Justice to tell you that she still refus'd it; until at last
I borrow'd fifty Guineas of you on a Ring, and that I gave her, and she thereupon permitted
me to lie with her. And I ne'er thought of Lying with her more, until she sent for me yesterday
morning; and told me how much she lov'd me, and that you were to come home on Friday-night,
and she wou'd have me Lie with her on Thursday night; and that to let me know how well she
lik'd me, she wou'd return me back again the fifty Guineas that I gave her, and also give me
back the Ring I pawn'd to you for fifty Guineas. And that was the Occasion of my coming here
to Night.

But said the Goldsmith, Pray resolve me one thing; What made you bring the Pick-locks in your
Pocket?

I brought these Pick-locks, reply'd he, at her desire, to open the Cabinet, wherein the Ring
was put.

By that, answer'd the Goldsmith, I know that what you have said is false. For what need she
to have desir'd you to bring Picklocks to open the Cabinet withal, when as the Key of it was
in her keeping? for I left it with her when I went out of Town.

'Tis very true, my Dear, reply'd his Wife, and here it is. And then going to her Chest of Drawers,
she gave him out the Key of the Cabinet.
