Are you laughing at him or me?'

"'Neither,' I replied; 'but the truth is, doctor, that Pat told me he might be out late Saturday
night, and that I needn't be frightened if I heard any unusual noise.  But I forgot to tell
the boys, and was so startled and confused in waking from a sound sleep, that I at first thought
it was a burglar, and after I did recollect that it was only Pat, I concluded not to say anything,
but test their courage, as I supposed there was no danger in it.'

"'Well, Pat,' said doctor, 'when you visit your cousin again, don't climb through the window
on your return.  And, boys, the next time you hear any suspicious sound at midnight, come and
call me the first thing you do.'

"So having brought in a verdict of 'not guilty of any evil intentions,' the doctor adjourned
the court.

"Poor Fred was never heard to boast of his bravery, or even to mention the word 'burglar,'
after that.  So true it is that boasters usually prove cowards when put to the test."

C. S. SLEIGHT.

LADY FERRY.

We have an instinctive fear of death; yet we have a horror of a life prolonged far beyond the
average limit: it is sorrowful; it is pitiful; it has no attractions.

This world is only a schoolroom for the larger life of the next.  Some leave it early, and
some late: some linger long after they seem to have learned all its lessons.  This world is
no heaven: its pleasures do not last even through our little lifetimes.

There are many fables of endless life, which in all ages have caught the attention of men;
we are familiar with the stories of the old patriarchs who lived their hundreds of years; but
one thinks of them wearily, and without envy.

When I was a child, it was necessary that my father and mother should take a long sea-voyage.
I never had been separated from them before; but at this time they thought it best to leave
me behind, as I was not strong, and the life on board ship did not suit me.  When I was told
of this decision, I was very sorry, and at once thought I should be miserable without my mother;
besides, I pitied myself exceedingly for losing the sights I had hoped to see in the country
which they were to visit.  I had an uncontrollable dislike to being sent to school, having
in some way been frightened by a maid of my mother's, who had put many ideas and aversions
into my head which I was very many years in outgrowing.  Having dreaded this possibility, it
was a great relief to know that I was not to be sent to school at all, but to be put under
the charge of two elderly cousins of my father,--a gentleman and his wife whom I had once seen,
and liked dearly.  I knew that their home was at a fine old-fashioned country-place, far from
town, and close beside a river, and I was pleased with this prospect, and at once began to
make charming plans for the new life.

I had lived always with grown people, and seldom had had any thing to do with children.
