The incentive should be the need that the child feels, and when this is evident time and pains
should be given to the subject so that it maybe quickly acquired. But the art of reading is
no test of intelligence, and the art of writing is no test of original skill. The claims of
the upper departments must be resisted.

CHAPTER XXVII

THE THINGS THAT REALLY MATTER

The first thing that matters is what is commonly called the personality of the teacher; she
must be a person, unmistakable from other persons, and not a type; what she has as an individual,
of gifts or goodness, she should give freely, and give in her own way; that she should be trained
is, of course, as indisputable as the training of a doctor, but her training should have deepened
her personality. Pestalozzi's curriculum and organisation left much to be desired; what he
has handed down to us came from himself and his own experience, not from anything superimposed:
records of his pupils constantly emphasise this: it was his goodness assimilated with his outlook
on life and readiness to learn by experience, that mattered, and it was this that remained
with his pupils. The teacher's own personality must dominate her choice of principles else
she is a dead method, a machine, and not a living teacher. She must not keep her interests
and gifts for out-of-school use; if she has a sense of humour she must use it, if she is fond
of pretty clothes she must wear them in school, if she appreciates music she must help her
class to do the same, if she has dramatic gifts she must act to them. Her standard of goodness
must be high, and she must be strong enough to adopt it practically, so that she is unconscious
of it: goodness and righteousness are as essential as health to a teacher: for something intangible
passes from the teacher to her children, however young and unconscious they may be, and nothing
can awaken goodness but goodness.

Part of her personality is her attitude towards religion. It is difficult to think of a teacher
of young children who is not religious, i.e. whose conduct is not definitely permeated by her
spiritual life: young children are essentially religious, and the life of the spirit must find
a response in the same kind of intangible assumption of its existence as goodness. No form
of creed or dogma is meant, only the life of the spirit common to all. But of course there
may be people who refuse to admit this as a necessity.

The next thing that matters is that all children must be regarded as individuals: there has
been much more talk of this lately, but practical difficulties are often raised as a bar. If
teachers and parents continue to accept the conditions which make it difficult, such as large
classes, and a need to hasten, there will always be a bar: if individuality is held as one
of the greatest things in education, authorities cannot continue to economise so as to make
it impossible.
