For get good result from child, there is a need of some incentives,especially when some pain and efort is needed. In case of reading, there is no need of test of intellegence. And in writing, notest of origianl skills. the upper department claims must be resist.

CHAPTER XXVII 

THE THINGS THAT REALLY MATTER 

The peronality of the teacher is the first important thing.She should be a correct person in the eyes of other people, not typical, having own good personality. She should be good, free, her own personality and must act like a Doctor.

Pestalozzi's curriculum and organisation left much to be desired. He is saying on the basis of his own experience. records of his pupil is showing .It shows his goodness associated with his vision of life is ready to learn by experience, and it is remained in his pupils. The teacher's choice of principles is according to her personality, if she is following a dead method, she is just like a machine and never become a living person. If she is s humourous person, it should be shown in her teachings, and if she likes good clothes, she must use it in the school.What things she likes, must shown in her school and be a role model to her pupils. Then she is act as a medel and her standard become very high. Pupil can adopt it practically. The important things a teacher must have is goodness and righteousness. Goodness can be pass with goodness with these intangible things.

The attitude towards religion is creating part of her personality. The young children cannot think she is not religious, means her behaviour is not definitely permeated by her spiritual life. The young children seeks the goodness and intangible model because they are always religious. In fact, the life od spirit is common to everyone. But some people never admit this as a necessary thing.

All children is having their own personality, but it is difficult now a days raised as a bar.
If teachers and parents thinks it is difficult, like large classes, there will be a bar. Authorities cannot never think it is a bar if individuality is held as the main thing of education.
