It is not true that we export many pianos
to foreign countries, as the public are led to suppose from the advertisements of imaginative
manufacturers. American citizens--all but the few consummately able kings of business--allow
a free play to their imagination in advertising the products of their skill. Canada buys a
small number of our pianos; Cuba, a few; Mexico, a few; South America, a few; and now and then
one is sent to Europe, or taken thither by a Thalberg or a Gottschalk; but an inflated currency
and a war tariff make it impossible for Americans to compete with European makers in anything
but excellence. In price, they cannot compete. Every disinterested and competent judge with
whom we have conversed on this subject gives it as his deliberate opinion that the best American
piano is the best of all pianos, and the one longest capable of resisting the effects of a
trying climate; yet we cannot sell them, at present, in any considerable numbers, in any market
but our own. Protectionists are requested to note this fact, which is not an isolated fact.
America possesses such an astonishing genius for inventing and combining labor-saving machinery,
that we could now supply the world with many of its choicest products, in the teeth of native
competition, but for the tariff, the taxes, and the inflation, which double the cost of producing.
The time may come, however, when we shall sell pianos at Paris, and watches in London, as we
already do sewing-machines everywhere.

Twenty-five thousand pianos a year, at a cost of fifteen millions of dollars! Presented in
this manner, the figures produce an effect upon the mind, and we wonder that an imperfectly
reconstructed country could absorb in a single year, and that year an unprosperous one, so
large a number of costly musical instruments. But, upon performing a sum in long division,
we discover that these startling figures merely mean, that every working-day in this country
one hundred and twelve persons buy a new piano. When we consider, that every hotel, steamboat,
and public school above a certain very moderate grade, must have from one to four pianos, and
that young ladies' seminaries jingle with them from basement to garret, (one school in New
York has thirty Chickerings,) and that almost every couple that sets up housekeeping on a respectable
scale considers a piano only less indispensable than a kitchen range, we are rather inclined
to wonder at the smallness than at the largeness of the number.

The trade in new pianos, however, is nothing to the countless transactions in old. Here figures
are impossible; but probably ten second-hand pianos are sold to one new one. The business of
letting pianos is also one of great extent. It is computed by the well-informed, that the number
of these instruments now "out," in the city of New York, is three thousand. There is one firm
in Boston that usually has a thousand let.
