Before the young soldier boarded to Africa, after he has returned to Great Britain, he got the attention of the Countess of Castlemaine, Duchess of Cleveland, the favorite mistress of Charles II.  She made him stand apart by her respect and presented him a sum of £5000.  He bought an annuity of £500 a-year.  According to Chesterfield this had laid the foundation of all his later fortunes.  Charles accompanied him in removing a dangerous rival who was hated by her and sent him to the Continent with the auxiliary force, the cabinet of St James's furnished to Louis XIV., to help him in suppressing the United Province.  It was thus, by a single coincidence Turenne, Condé, and Vauban that the future conqueror of the Bourbons first got the knowledge of a scientific warfare.  Wellington followed the same discipline, but the order was reverse, first being the French in Flanders and next the bastion of Tippoo and the Mahratta in Hindostan. 
Churchill won a distinction for his forte and bravery even though he did not stay long in Flanders.  He got valuable lessons from the campaign of 1672, where the French armies met the United States at the gates of Amsterdam in very close proximity.  He was called “the handsome Englishman” by Turenne, who predicted his greatness in future, when he distinguished himself at the siege of Nimeguen. He was fortunate enough to get the chance of saving the life of his colonel, the Duke of Monmouth, and this credited him at the siege of Maestricht. Louis XIV publicly thanked him and promised him promotion.  He did not know that he had been fostering a formidable enemy. Churchill was made lieutenant-colonel and he continued to serve in Flanders till 1677.  Then he returned to London with his regiment. These five years' service rendered Marlborough the consummate commander that, as soon as he was made the head of the Allied armies, he assigned. It was beyond all doubt, and also he sustained the power and cast a halo round the crown of Louis XIV.  From this biography, one interesting and instructive lessons to be learned is the vast amount of preparatory work, the several changes, which formed the mind of a great man, and the important role he wanted to play in the theatre of the world.
