But you
are to be pitied in your situation."

"Yes. And I'm dreadful lonesome. I've always been used to having Lyddy to talk over things
with, and I miss her a sight. And I don't know anybody that has her ways more than you have.
You are a good deal such a built woman, and you have the same hitch to your shoulders when
you walk. You've got something the same look to your eyes, too; I noticed it last Sunday in
meeting-time," continued the widower, anxiously.

"I do feel for you. A man alone is in a deplorable situation," replied Miss Tame. "I'm sure
I'd do any thing in my power to help you."

"Well, marry with me then. That is what I want. We could be real comfortable together. I'll
go for the license this minute, and we'll be married right away," returned the impatient suitor.
"You go up to Elder Crane's, and I'll meet you there as soon as I can fetch around."

Then he hurried away, "without giving me a chance to say 'no,'" said "she that was" Persis
Tame, afterward. "So I had to marry with him, as you might say. But I've never seen cause to
regret it, I've got a first-rate of a hum, and Captain Ben makes a first-rate of a husband.
And no hain't he, I hope, found cause to regret it," she added, with a touch of wifely pride;
"though I do expect he might have had his pick among all the single women at the Point; but
out of them all he chose me."--The Atlantic Monthly, March, 1870.

LOUISA MAY ALCOTT.

(BORN, 1832.)

       *       *       *       *       *

STREET SCENES IN WASHINGTON.

The mules were my especial delight; and an hour's study of a constant succession of them introduced
me to many of their characteristics; for six of these odd little beasts drew each army wagon,
and went hopping like frogs through the stream of mud that gently rolled along the street.
The coquettish mule had small feet, a nicely trimmed tassel of a tail, perked-up ears, and
seemed much given to little tosses of the head, affected skips and prances; and, if he wore
the bells, or were bedizened with a bit of finery, put on as many airs as any belle. The moral
mule was a stout, hardworking creature, always tugging with all his might; often pulling away
after the rest had stopped, laboring under the conscientious delusion that food for the entire
army depended upon his private exertions. I respected this style of mule; and, had I possessed
a juicy cabbage, would have pressed it upon him, with thanks for his excellent example. The
histrionic mule was a melodramatic quadruped, prone to startling humanity by erratic leaps,
and wild plunges, much shaking of his stubborn head, and lashing out of his vicious heels;
now and then falling flat, and apparently dying a la Forrest; a gasp--a squirm--a flop, and
so on, till the street was well blocked up, the drivers all swearing like demons in bad hats,
and the chief actor's circulation decidedly quickened by every variety of kick, cuff, jerk,
and haul.
