Weedes are
alwaies growing. The great mother of all liuing Creatures, the Earth, is full of seed in her
bowels, and any stirring giues them heat of Sunne, and being laid neere day, they grow: Mowles
worke daily, though not alwaies alike. Winter herbes at all times will grow (except in extreame
frost.) In Winter your young trees and herbes would be lightned of snow, and your Allyes cleansed:
drifts of snow will set Deere, Hares, and Conyes, and other noysome beasts ouer your walles
& hedges, into your Orchard. When Summer cloathes your borders with greene and peckled colours,
your Gardner must dresse his hedges, and antike workes: watch his Bees, and hiue them: distill
his Roses and other herbes. Now begins Summer Fruit to ripe, and craue your hand to pull them.
If he haue a Garden (as he must need) to keepe, you must needs allow him good helpe, to end
his labours which are endlesse, for no one man is sufficient for these things.

{SN: Wages.} Such a Gardner as will conscionably, quietly and patiently, trauell in your Orchard,
God shall crowne the labours of his hands with ioyfulnesse, and make the clouds drop fatnesse
vpon your trees, he will prouoke your loue, and earne his wages, and fees belonging to his
place: The house being serued, fallen fruite, superfluity of herbes, and flowers, seedes, grasses,
sets, and besides all other of that fruit which your bountifull hand shall reward him withall,
will much augment his wages, and the profit of your bees will pay you backe againe.

If you be not able, nor willing to hire a gardner, keepe your profits to your selfe, but then
you must take all the pains: And for that purpose (if you want this faculty) to instruct you,
haue I vndertaken these labours, and gathered these rules, but chiefly respecting my Countries
good.

CHAP. 2.

Of the soyle.

{SN: Kinds of trees.} {SN: Soyle.} Fruit-trees most common, and meetest for our Northerne Countries:
(as Apples, Peares, Cheries, Filberds, red and white Plummes, Damsons, and Bulles,) for we
meddle not with Apricockes nor Peaches, nor scarcely with Quinces, which will not like in our
cold parts, vnlesse they be helped with some reflex of Sunne, or other like meanes, nor with
bushes, bearing berries, as Barberies, Goose-berries, or Grosers, Raspe-berries, and such like,
though the Barbery be wholesome, and the tree may be made great: doe require (as all other
trees doe) a blacke, fat, mellow, cleane and well tempered soyle, wherein they may gather plenty
of good sap. Some thinke the Hasell would haue a chanily rocke, and the sallow, and eller a
waterish marish. The soile is made better by deluing, and other meanes, being well melted,
and the wildnesse of the earth and weedes (for euery thing subiect to man, and seruing his
vse (not well ordered) is by nature subiect to the curse,) is killed by frosts and drought,
by fallowing and laying on heapes, and if it be wild earth, with burning.
