In some parts,
however, there are exceptions to this observation.

Education has been more attended to, by some of the leading personages, than could have been
expected in a society that had been so much kept in the shade. We apprehend the advantages
are chiefly prospective, and may be well defined in another generation; at present they are
but small. The whites have been, and still are, the most educated portion of the Mexicans,
owing, no doubt, to their greater opulence, and having access to official rank. The mass of
ignorance, however, among all classes, is inconceivable to any one who has only moved in the
principal countries of Europe. Nor is it confined to the lower classes, but finds protection
among the highest in the community. We heard a reverend canon of the metropolitan church gravely
inquire, whether it was possible to reach London except by sailing up the Thames. And we knew
a very pretty, agreeable young lady, moving in the first circles, who could not write a single
letter at the age of seventeen. She has been since married, and has, we are informed, been
taught to write by her husband, who is not a Mexican. The religion of all classes resembles
too much that of the Indians; and the practical morality and general tone of society are by
no means refined. If one half of the scandalous tales in circulation be true, the former ranks
with that of Paris in its worst periods, and the latter is assuredly gross to a degree that
would surprise even an inhabitant of Madrid. The familiarity with which every subject is treated
at first excites emotions in an Englishman of the most unpleasant kind, which gradually subside,
from the frequency with which they are discussed by young and old; by high and low, of both
sexes.--Foreign Quarterly Review.

       *       *       *       *       *

Notes of a Reader.

       *       *       *       *       *

SIR WALTER SCOTT'S NEW WORK.

We detach this little descriptive gem from Sir Walter Scott's "Anne of Geierstein," just published.
An outline of this very delightful novel will be found in a SUPPLEMENT with the present number
of the MIRROR.

"The ancient tower of Geierstein, though neither extensive, nor distinguished by architectural
ornament, possessed an air of terrible dignity by its position on the very verge of the opposite
bank of the torrent, which, just at the angle of the rock on which the ruins are situated,
falls sheer over a cascade of nearly a hundred feet in height, and then rushes down the defile,
through a trough of living rock, which perhaps its waves have been deepening since time itself
had a commencement. Facing, and at the same time looking down upon this eternal roar of waters,
stood the old tower, built so close to the verge of the precipice, that the buttresses with
which the architect had strengthened the foundation, seemed a part of the solid rock itself,
and a continuation of its perpendicular ascent.
