In some parts, but there are exceptions to this observation.

Education has been inspected, as some of the most outstanding one might expect in a society that had been so highly respected in the shade. We apprehend the benefits first, prospective, and can be defined in a second generation, which currently are only small. White has been and remains the most educated Mexicans, due no doubt that his greatest asset and have access to official status. The mass of ignorance, but among all classes is inconceivable that someone who only moved the main countries of Europe. Nor is it limited to the lower classes, but among the highest protection in society. We heard a venerable canon of the metropolitan church seriously wonder whether it was possible to reach London, except for sailing on the Thames. And we knew very pretty, pleasant young man, moves in circles first, I could not write a single letter at the age of seventeen. It has since married and has, we are informed, have been taught to write with her husband, not a Mexican. The religion of all classes much like the Indians, and the moral practice and the general tone of society is by no means refined. If half of the scandalous stories circulating is true, the rows above with Paris in the worst times, and this is no serious doubt to a degree that surprised even a resident of Madrid. The confidentiality of any subject addressed in the first excited feelings of a most unpleasant English, gradually decreasing the frequency of reviews by young and old, in high and low, of both sexes .-- Foreign Quarterly Review.

* * * * *

Notes from a reader.

* * * * *

New work by Sir Walter Scott.

We launched this gem small descriptive of Sir Walter Scott's "Anne of Geierstein," just published. An overview of this beautiful novel is in a supplement to the current number of mirror.

"The old tower Geierstein, but neither the scale nor the merit of the architectural ornamentation, had a terrible aura of dignity of his position on the edge of the other side of the river just at the angle of the rock where they are located ruins themselves, collapsed on a waterfall nearly a hundred feet high, then crashing through a gorge through solid rock, perhaps the waves has been deepening since the time it had a beginning. Orientation, while , looking down in this eternal roar of the water, stood the old tower, built so close to the edge, supporting pillars, which the architect has strengthened the foundation, seemed a part of the solid rock itself, and then its perpendicular rise.
