Kidderminster.

School libraries .-- I want to determine whether some of our public schools have libraries for the general treatment of academics, which include not only school books in Latin, Greek, etc, involving everyone, but as travel, biographies , etc.

Fresh Boys schools in general, seem to know anything about the general reading, and weak information I have, I fear that something is in the form of a library in any of them. If not, what I think, a very sad and deserves attention, but if any of your correspondents oblige me to say what the public school has such a thing, and facilities to allow reading in school should I can " considered as an advantage.

WELD TAYLOR.

Bayswater.

Queen Elizabeth and her "real" Looking Glass .-- An anecdote is current at the Queen Elizabeth has in his later days, if not during his last illness, asked for a mirror of truth for a long time previously used by someone was somehow deliberately falsified.

What is the original source of the story? or at least what is the authority that its turnover is mainly? A response from some of his contacts to one or other of these issues greatly oblige

VERONICA.

Bishop Thomas Wilson .-- In Thoresby Journal, AD 1720, April 17 (vol. II. S. 289th) Is the following line:

"Easter Sunday ... after the evening prayers are eaten in Wilson's cousin the Bishop of the son of man."

Was there any context, and what this cousin Wilson, "and Bishop's son, Dr. Thomas Wilson's? I'd be happy to provide relevant information to any or all of these issues.

WILLIAM DENTON.

Bishop Wilson's Works .-- REV. John Keble, Hursley, near Winchester, engaged in writing life and publication of the works of Bishop Wilson (Sodor and Man), would feel bound by (221) The convening of the letters, sermons and other writings bishop, or by reference to any events not on the impressions of his life.

Hobbes .-- Portrait of T. In Proceedings of Hobbes says that a portrait of him painted in 1669 by Cosimo de Medici.

I have a beautiful half-length portrait of him in the back of them is the following inscription:

"Thomas Hobbes, relatives. 81st 1669th J ^ (us). Wrilps Wick, Londiensis, Pictor Caroli 2 ^ (di). Pinx R. ^ t"

Is this the same as the painter John Wyck, who died in 1702, but no, I think, known as a portrait painter?

Can any of your readers inform me whether a portrait of Hobbes is now in the gallery of Florence, and if so, who painted it? It is possible that mine is a duplicate of the image that was painted for the Grand Duke.

W. C. TREVELYAN.

Wallington.

* * * * *

Fewer questions with answers.

Brasenose, Oxford .-- I am anxious to know the origin and meaning of Brasenose.
