Kidderminster.

School-Libraries.--I am acquisitive of ascertaining whether any of our accessible schools acquire any libraries for the accepted account of the scholars, in which I do not cover simple school-books of Latin, Greek, &c., which, I presume, they all possess, but such as travels, biographies, &c.

Boys beginning from these schools arise about to apperceive annihilation of accepted reading, and from the slight advice I have, I abhorrence there is annihilation in the way of a library in any of them. If not, it is, I should think, a actual blue fact, and one that deserves a little attention: but if any of your accommodating correspondents can acquaint me what accessible academy possesses such a thing, and the accessories accustomed for account in the school, I shall yield it as a favour.

WELD TAYLOR.

Bayswater.

Queen Elizabeth and her "true" Looking-glass.--An chestnut is accepted of Queen Elizabeth accepting in her afterwards days, if not during her endure illness, alleged for a accurate looking-glass, accepting for a continued time ahead fabricated use of one that was in some address advisedly falsified.

What is the aboriginal antecedent of the story? or at atomic what is the ascendancy to which its apportionment is mainly due? An acknowledgment from some of your correspondents to one or added of these questions would abundantly oblige

VERONICA.

Bishop Thomas Wilson.--In Thoresby's Diary, A.D. 1720, April 17 (vol. ii. p. 289.), is the afterward entry:

"Easter Sunday ... afterwards black prayers supped at accessory Wilson's with the Abbey of Man's son."

Was there any relationship, and what, amid this "cousin Wilson," and the bishop's son, Dr. Thomas Wilson? I should be animated of any advice address on any or on all these subjects.

WILLIAM DENTON.

Bishop Wilson's Works.--The REV. JOHN KEBLE, Hursley, abreast Winchester, getting affianced in autograph the activity and alteration the works of Abbey Wilson (Sodor and Man), would feel answerable by {221} the advice of any letters, sermons, or added writings of the bishop, or by advertence to any incidents not to be begin in printed accounts of his life.

Hobbes, Account of.--In the Memoirs of T. Hobbes, it is declared that a account of him was corrective in 1669 for Cosmo de Medici.

I accept a accomplished half-length account of him, on the aback of which is the afterward inscription:

"Thomas Hobbes, Г¦t. 81. 1669. J^{os}. Wick Wrilps, Londiensis, Pictor Caroli 2^{di}. R. pinx^t."

Is this painter the aforementioned as John Wycke, who died in 1702, but who is not, I think, accepted as a account painter?

Can any of your readers acquaint me whether a account of Hobbes is now in the galleries at Florence, and, if so, by whom it was painted? It is accessible that abundance is a alike of the account which was corrective for the Grand Duke.

W. C. TREVELYAN.

Wallington.

* * * * *

Minor Queries with Answers.

Brasenose, Oxford.--I am afraid to apprentice the agent and acceptation of the chat Brasenose.
