
  Kidderminster.

School-Libraries.--I am desirous of ascertaining whether any of our public schools possess
any libraries for the general reading of the scholars, in which I do not include mere school-books
of Latin, Greek, &c., which, I presume, they all possess, but such as travels, biographies, &c.

Boys fresh from these schools appear generally to know nothing of general reading, and from
the slight information I have, I fear there is nothing in the way of a library in any of them.
If not, it is, I should think, a very melancholy fact, and one that deserves a little attention:
but if any of your obliging correspondents can tell me what public school possesses such a
thing, and the facilities allowed for reading in the school, I shall take it as a favour.

WELD TAYLOR.

  Bayswater.

Queen Elizabeth and her "true" Looking-glass.--An anecdote is current of Queen Elizabeth having
in her later days, if not during her last illness, called for a true looking-glass, having
for a long time previously made use of one that was in some manner purposely falsified.

What is the original source of the story? or at least what is the authority to which its circulation
is mainly due? An answer from some of your correspondents to one or other of these questions
would greatly oblige

VERONICA.

Bishop Thomas Wilson.--In Thoresby's Diary, A.D. 1720, April 17 (vol. ii. p. 289.), is the
following entry:

    "Easter Sunday ... after evening prayers supped at cousin Wilson's with
    the Bishop of Man's son."

Was there any relationship, and what, between this "cousin Wilson," and the bishop's son, Dr.
Thomas Wilson? I should be glad of any information bearing on any or on all these subjects.

WILLIAM DENTON.

Bishop Wilson's Works.--The REV. JOHN KEBLE, Hursley, near Winchester, being engaged in writing
the life and editing the works of Bishop Wilson (Sodor and Man), would feel obliged by {221}
the communication of any letters, sermons, or other writings of the bishop, or by reference
to any incidents not to be found in printed accounts of his life.

Hobbes, Portrait of.--In the Memoirs of T. Hobbes, it is stated that a portrait of him was
painted in 1669 for Cosmo de Medici.

I have a fine half-length portrait of him, on the back of which is the following inscription:

 "Thomas Hobbes, æt. 81. 1669.
  J^{os}. Wick Wrilps, Londiensis, Pictor Caroli 2^{di}. R.
  pinx^t."

Is this painter the same as John Wycke, who died in 1702, but who is not, I think, known as
a portrait painter?

Can any of your readers inform me whether a portrait of Hobbes is now in the galleries at Florence,
and, if so, by whom it was painted? It is possible that mine is a duplicate of the picture
which was painted for the Grand Duke.

W. C. TREVELYAN.

  Wallington.

       *       *       *       *       *

Minor Queries with Answers.

Brasenose, Oxford.--I am anxious to learn the origin and meaning of the word Brasenose.
