Kidderminster.

School-Libraries .-- I am eager to determine whether any of our public schools have no libraries for general reading teachers, in which I include not just school books from Latin, Greek, & C, which, I suspect, however have, but like travel, biography, & C.

Fresh boys in these schools generally seem to know nothing of the general reader, and easy information I have, I fear there is nothing in the way of a library in any of them. If not, I think that would be a very melancholy fact, and one that deserves less attention: but if any of your correspondents oblige me to say that public schools have such a thing, and permitted facilities reading in school, I take it as a courtesy.

WELD Taylor.

Bayswater.

Queen Elizabeth and a "real" looking glass .-- An anecdote is the current Queen Elizabeth having days later, if not during their last illness, named for a real looking glass, having previously been a long time one that was used in some deliberately falsified.

What is the original source of the story? or at least what is the authority which is mainly due to its movement? A response to some of your correspondents for either of these questions would require much

Veronica.

Bishop Thomas Wilson .-- In Thoresby's Diary, AD 1720, April 17 (volume II. P. 289). Is the following:

"... After Easter Sunday evening prayer supped at Bishop Wilson's cousin, son of man".

Was there any relationship, and what, between this "cousin Wilson and bishop's son, Dr. Thomas Wilson? I would be glad of any information on any or all of these topics.

WILLIAM Denton.

Bishop Wilson's Works .-- REV. JOHN KEBLE, Hursley, near Winchester, is engaged in writing life and publishing works of Bishop Wilson (Sodere and Man), would feel compelled to (221) communication of any letters, sermons and other writings of the bishop, or reference to any incident not found in printed accounts of his life.

Hobbes, Portrait .-- The Memoirs of T. Hobbes, says that his portrait was painted in 1669 for Cosmo de 'Medici.

We have a fine half-length portrait of him on the back of which is the following inscription:

Thomas Hobbes, AET. 81. 1669. J ^) (Wick Wrilps bone., Londiensis, Painter Caroli 2 ^ () R ^ di. Pinx t. "

Is this painter like John Wyck, who died in 1702, but not, I think, known as a portrait?

Can any of your readers inform me whether Hobbes's portrait is now in the galleries of Florence, and, if so, by whom it was painted? It is possible that mine is a duplicate of the image, which was painted for the Grand Duke.

W. C. Trevelyan.

Wallington.

* * * * *

Minor Queries with Answers.

Brasenose, Oxford .-- I am anxious to learn the origin and meaning of speech writers.
