On the morning of the third day trio appeared again when the lord of the long robe, looking most seriously at Frantz pointed out that the register children, and Hearthstone and then, as usual, disappeared under the same circumstances as before.

Frantz was sad, he could not really understand the importance of this dumb show, and yet feel that some sinister mystery were associated with these ghosts, as he was called upon to unravel. After breakfast, he wandered off and lost in the labyrinth of tanks, strolled before he knew it, in the churchyard. Shortly after the church door was opened by the clerk who kept his hoe and hoe in a corner of the Belfry, and Frantz remember that even had he not enter the church, followed him in and was hit with the emergence of many portraits that hung around on the walls.

"What are these?" "he said.

"The images, sir, of all your predecessors, do not know you that some of our rural churches is the custom to hang up pictures from all the colleagues who ever held the living?"

Frantz, in a tone of indifference, replied that he thought he had heard about such things.

"That, sir," continued the man, "a custom, which you must meet anyway. Why bad as was our last pastor Herr Von Weetzer, he honored us so much that hang his picture."

Frantz advanced to see a newly painted portrait, which hung last in the line of his predecessors, and so the young man started back, changed color, and the fatal weakness in terror seized his relaxed frame of what he knew exactly in costume and Features , the perfect portrait of his adult spectral visit!

"What!" Frantz cried, "how very extraordinary!"

"A great man, sir," said the clerk, not feel his emotions, "shame 'tis that he was so bad. "

"Wicked!" exclaimed Frantz, almost unconscious of what he said, "How bad?"

'Oh, Lord, I can not exactly say how bad, but a bad master, Mr. Von Weetzer, it is safe. "

"Wicked! Well - he was married?" Frantz asked, with apparent unconcern.

"Why, no, sir," replied the clerk, with a significant look, people do say that he was not, but if all tales is true that there is widespread on him, 'tis a sure thing, he should have been. "

"Hah! Hum!" muttered Frantz, and a faint blush colored his fine face. "His children say -"

"Lord, Lord I said nothing about them - who told you? Few people Steingart, I think, knew that he had nobody but myself. 'Tis thought the poor thing has not come right at the ends, and some, I never buried them! "

Frantz stood for some minutes, thinking, and at last he said - "they were baptized? I have a reason to ask."

"Perhaps sir, it is that you think if the poor little innocent creatures were not baptized, they had no right to be placed in consecrated ground."

"No matter what I think I think I have registered."
