On the morning of the third day the trio appeared again, when the gentleman of the long robe, looking most earnestly at Frantz, pointed to the register, the children, and the hearthstone; and then, as usual, disappeared under the same circumstances as before. 
Frantz was much distressed; he could not exactly comprehend the meaning of this dumb show; and yet felt that some dire mystery was connected with these phantoms, which he was called upon to unravel. After breakfast he wandered out, and lost in the maze of thought, sauntered, ere he was aware of it, into the churchyard. Shortly afterwards the church-door was opened by the sexton, who kept his pickaxe and mattock in a corner of the belfry, and Frantz remembering that as yet he had not entered the church, followed him in, and was struck with the appearance of many portraits which hung round the walls. 

"What are these?" said he. 

"The pictures, sir, of all your predecessors; know you not, that in some of our country churches it is the custom to hang up the likenesses of all the gentlemen who ever held the living?" 

Frantz, in a tone of indifference, replied, that he fancied he had heard of such a thing. 

"'Tis, sir," continued the man, "a custom with which you must comply at any rate. Why, bad as was our last pastor Herr Von Weetzer, he honoured us so far, that there hangs his picture." 

Frantz advanced to view a newly painted portrait, which hung last in the line of his predecessors; and then the young man started back, changed colour, and the deadly faintness of terror seized his relaxing frame; for in it he recognised, exact in costume and features, the perfect likeness of his adult spectral visiter! 

"Good God!" cried Frantz, "how very extraordinary!" 

"A nice looking man, sir," said the sexton, not noticing his emotion; "pity 'tis that he was so wicked." 

"Wicked!" exclaimed Frantz, almost unconscious of what he said; "how wicked?" 

"Oh, sir, I can't exactly say how wicked; but a bad gentleman was Mr. Von Weetzer, that's certain." 

"Wicked! well--was he married?" asked Frantz, with apparent unconcern. 

"Why, no, sir;" replied the sexton, with a significant look; "people do say he was not; but if all tales be true that are rife about him, 'tis a sure thing he ought to have been." 

"Hah! hum!" muttered Frantz, and a slight blush tinged his fine countenance. "His children you say--" 

"Lord, sir! I said nothing about them--who told you? Few folks at Steingart, I guess, knew he had any but myself. 'Tis thought the poor things did not come fairly by their ends; and for certain, I never buried them!" 

Frantz stood for some minutes absorbed in thought; at length he said-- "were they baptized? I have a reason for asking." 

"Perhaps sir, it is, that you are thinking if the poor, little, innocent creatures were not christened, they'd no right to be laid in consecrated ground." 

"No matter what I think; I believe I have the register."
