On the morning of the third day the trio appeared again when the prince of long robe, looking most seriously at Frantz, said register, children, and hearthstone, and then, as usual, disappeared in the same conditions as before.

Frantz was more upset he could not understand exactly the meaning of this show move and still felt that was a terrible mystery related to these ghosts, who were called to fall apart. After breakfast, he wandered out and lost in the labyrinth of thought, sauntered, before he was aware of it, in the churchyard. Shortly afterwards the church door was opened by Hearst, who kept his pickaxe and mattock in one corner of the bell, Franz and remembering that they are not yet in the church, followed it in, and was struck by the appearance numerous portraits that hung around the walls.

"What are these?" he said.

"Photos, sir, all predecessors, do not you know that some churches in our country is the habit of close likenesses of all the gentlemen that ever occurred in your life?"

Frantz, in a tone of indifference, replied that he thought he heard such a thing.

Tis', sir, "continued the man", a habit that must comply in any case. Why bad as our last pastor was Herr von Weetzer he honored us by now that his picture hangs. "

Franz advanced to view a newly painted portrait, which hangs on the last line of his predecessors, and then the young man started, changed color, and faint with terror of death seized his frame of relaxation, he recognized it, just in costume and features the likeness of his visiter spectral adults!

"Good God!" cried Franz, "how very extraordinary!"

"A nice looking man, sir," Hearst said, not noticing the excitement, 'sin' tis because he was so bad. "

"Wicked!" exclaimed Franz, almost unconscious of what he said: "How bad?"

"Oh, sir, I can not say exactly how bad, but a gentleman was Mr. Von Weetzer bad, that's for sure."

"Wicked! Well - he was married?" Frantz asked, with seeming indifference.

"Why, no, sir," said Sexton, a significant issue, "People say that it was not, but if all true stories that are full of it, 'tis a sure thing that he should have been. "

"Huh hum! muttered Franz, and a slight blush tinged his face smooth. "Children of saying -"

"Oh, sir I said nothing about them - who told you? Few folks at Steingart, I think he knew, but not me." Tis thought that things are not quite poor their heads, and for some, I never buried them! "

Frantz was several minutes absorbed in thought, at length, he said - "I have named have been a reason for asking.?"

"Perhaps, sir, is that if you're thinking that poor little, innocent creatures were not baptized, would any law be established in consecrated ground."

"No matter what I think, I think we register."
