It is no less remarkable that the basic concept formulated by one of the greatest Jewish thinkers who proceeded from the loins, by Baruch Spinoza, and love of intellectualis, "the intellectual love of God," ie, the design still emotional and mental Supreme Power that rules the universe. If I were to wish for anything, would love a Judaismus intellectualis "an intellectual love of Judaism," not love, superficial and empty self-satisfaction that covers all sin. We want to be frank about our Judaism, we want to clear our faults, we remedy our shortcomings whenever we can, but at the same time, we have the sympathy that goes with knowledge .-- Menorah from an address by Professor Israel Friedlaender.

Days of disappointment

Strauss SAMUEL

We are currently witnessing an 'arbiter of truth that a great crisis is always a proof of authenticity. From August 1 a number of seemingly vital things came tumbling to the ground as nonsense or mere disappointment inflated already seen a comparative perspective. Men are beginning to realize that they were deceiving themselves, and the effect is immediate disappointment.

What benefit will be derived from it all is still a matter of speculation. Men are not yet able to think about the conflict in terms other than negative ones, to see in it nothing but despair, crippled the industry, a fall from civilization, everything that belongs to the person of the ledger. But there is one side of credit and to realize that the effects of war are positive and negative is in no way condone war, but only to accept as a fact.

History teaches us to expect that the positive outcome of this struggle will be in the nature of a physical - a winding road to disappointment, and simultaneously highlighted some essential facts. This clearing of the land not wait until the war is over, but has already begun, although men are still in the middle, but conscious, and then only as a disappointment to no avail. This mood is quite understandable. The spectacle of thousands of people to leave the convoy to resolve the differences through the slaughter was a terrible shock. Individuals, having progressed beyond that stage, had taken collectively, also, men must share the same aversion to murder so illogical as a method for settling differences. This hypothesis was rooted in a justifiable belief in the world to achieve a higher level of civilization. The quality of today's culture may not be as beautiful as that of Judea, Greece, or Rome, or Renaissance, but certainly no period of history has its extent is so great. Never had the world has never been so close denationalization, had the economic interdependence of nations is more complete
