It
        is no less remarkable that the fundamental concept
        formulated by one of the greatest thinkers who
        proceeded from Jewish loins, by Baruch Spinoza, is
        amor Dei intellectualis, "the intellectual love of
        God," that is, the mental and yet emotional conception
        of the Supreme Power that rules the universe. If I
        were to wish for anything, it would be for an amor
        Judaismus intellectualis, "an intellectual love of
        Judaism," not shallow love and hollow self-complacency
        that cover every sin. We want to be frank about our
        Judaism, we want to be clear about our faults, we want
        to remedy our faults whenever we can, but at the same
        time we want to have the sympathy that goes with
        knowledge.--From a Menorah Address by Professor Israel
        Friedlaender.

Days of Disillusionment

BY SAMUEL STRAUSS

WE are at present witnessing an instance of the truth that a great crisis is always a test
for genuineness. Since August 1st a number of things seemingly vital have come tumbling to
the ground as mere inflated delusions or comparative trifles formerly viewed out of all perspective.
Men are beginning to realize that they have been deceiving themselves, and the immediate effect
is disappointment.

What profit will be derived from it all is as yet merely a matter for speculation. Not yet
have men been able to think of the conflict in other than negative terms, to see in it other
than despair, crippled industry, a fall from civilization, all that belongs on the debit side
of the ledger. But there is also a credit side: and to realize that the effects of war are
positive as well as negative is by no means to condone war, but only to accept it as a fact.

History teaches us to expect that the positive result of this struggle will be in the nature
of a physic--a dissolving away of delusions, and simultaneously a bringing into relief of some
essential facts. This clearing of the ground will not wait until the war is over; it has already
begun, though men are yet but half-conscious of it, and then only in the guise of profitless
disillusionment. This state of mind is understandable enough. The spectacle of thousands going
out by trainload to settle differences through slaughter has been a terrible shock. Individuals,
having progressed beyond that stage, had assumed that collectively, too, men must share the
same aversion to so illogical a method as murder for the solution of differences. This assumption
has had root in a justifiable belief in the world's attainment to a higher plane of civilization.
The quality of to-day's culture may not be so fine as that of Judæa, of Greece, or Rome, or
of the Renaissance, but surely in no period of history has its extent been so great. Never
had the entire world been nearer denationalization, never had the economic interdependence
of nations been more complete.
