They may acknowledge our service to a certain degree,
and give us civilly to understand that they disdain us not; for the law that enjoins them to
abominate us because we adore them, and to hate us because we love them, is certainly very
cruel, if but for the difficulty of it.  Why should they not give ear to our offers and requests,
so long as they are kept within the bounds of modesty? wherefore should we fancy them to have
other thoughts within, and to be worse than they seem?  A queen of our time said with spirit,
"that to refuse these courtesies is a testimony of weakness in women and a self-accusation
of facility, and that a lady could not boast of her chastity who was never tempted."

The limits of honour are not cut so short; they may give themselves a little rein, and relax
a little without being faulty: there lies on the frontier some space free, indifferent, and
neuter.  He that has beaten and pursued her into her fort is a strange fellow if he be not
satisfied with his fortune: the price of the conquest is considered by the difficulty.  Would
you know what impression your service and merit have made in her heart?  Judge of it by her
behaviour.  Such an one may grant more, who does not grant so much.  The obligation of a benefit
wholly relates to the good will of those who confer it: the other coincident circumstances
are dumb, dead, and casual; it costs her dearer to grant you that little, than it would do
her companion to grant all.  If in anything rarity give estimation, it ought especially in
this: do not consider how little it is that is given, but how few have it to give; the value
of money alters according to the coinage and stamp of the place.  Whatever the spite and indiscretion
of some may make them say in the excess of their discontent, virtue and truth will in time
recover all the advantage.  I have known some whose reputation has for a great while suffered
under slander, who have afterwards been restored to the world's universal approbation by their
mere constancy without care or artifice; every one repents, and gives himself the lie for what
he has believed and said; and from girls a little suspected they have been afterward advanced
to the first rank amongst the ladies of honour.  Somebody told Plato that all the world spoke
ill of him.  "Let them talk," said he; "I will live so as to make them change their note."
Besides the fear of God, and the value of so rare a glory, which ought to make them look to
themselves, the corruption of the age we live in compels them to it; and if I were they, there
is nothing I would not rather do than intrust my reputation in so dangerous hands.  In my time
the pleasure of telling (a pleasure little inferior to that of doing) was not permitted but
to those who had some faithful and only friend; but now the ordinary discourse and common table-talk
is nothing but boasts of favours received and the secret liberality of ladies.
