Matrons, young as well as old, wore caps of plain white muslin, made after the same fashion as the round, sweeping caps that tidy housekeepers wear at the present day. The younger and gayer ones, who had no scruples of conscience on the subject, wore their caps adorned with bright ribbons, while the elderly and more sedate contented themselves with a plain band of black, across the front, and pinned primlyl at the back, without bow or knot. 68,"

--a fac-simile of the inscription upon the coffin plate of that illustrious and well-beloved chief. The wool and flax were home productions, but the cotton was brought, in a raw state, from the West Indies.

It was first picked over very carefully, to remove the seeds and stray bits of foreign rubbish, then "batted," to be carded into a roll, which was spun into thread upon either a wool or linnen wheel. This "batting" usually fell to the lot of the children of the family, who probably found the monotonous task as little to their taste as their grandchildren do, when required th wash the dishes or saw wood for the cooking-stove.

Woven plain, by the skiful hands of the housemother, and bleached upon the young grass under the blossoming apple boughs, the cloth served for the underwear of the family, and was regarded as one of the few luxuries of the frugal household,--the raw cotton costhin over fifty cents a pound, to say nothing of the time and laber required to convrt it into cloth.

On accont of the scarcity of cotto, our modern "comfortables" were a thing unheard of, and, and closely quited, often in the most elaboraste patterns, were used in all New England households. These quits were often few and thin in many a poor home, where the elders had hard work to shield their flock of little ones from the bitter cold of winter, in spite of the immese fires that even he poorest were able to provede where any amount of fuel could be had for the cutting.

I have heard a storu of good lady who lived at htat time in a town not a hundred miles from Boston, which geves one some idea of the straits to which our grandparents were often reduced in those days:-

Watching one bitterly cokd night with a sick neighbor, she heard, at midnight, the little children crying with cold in the  loft overhead, and leaving her sleeping patient, she went upstairs, and tried to find an extra quilt or blanket to spread over them. But in vain,k for in that poor home htere was not so much as a shoulder-blanket htat could be spared. At last, in utter desperation, she spread over hte shivering little ones a side of leahter, htat she found rolled up under hte eaves.

It kept out the cold, anyhow," she said, as she told the story years afterwards. "And the poor little things stopped their cryin'. and cuddled down as contented an' comfortable as a nestful o'kittens."
