Matrons, young and old, wore a simple white muslin caps, made after the same manner as round, sweeping caps that Domestic ordered to wear today. Gayéri younger and who had no scruples of conscience on the subject, wearing their hats decorated with bright ribbons, while older and more quietly contented with a plain black band across the front and pinned with poor back, without bow or knot. 68 "

- MAKE-A comparison of the inscription on the coffin plate illustrious and well-loved leader. Wool and flax were home productions, but cotton was brought in a raw state in the West Indies.

He was first elected over very carefully, to remove stray seeds and bits of foreign garbage, then "batted," which is made in small PATS, each large enough to be carded on a roll, which was be spun into thread on a wool or linnen wheel. This beat "usually fell to the lot of children of the family, who have discovered, perhaps as little monotonous task on their taste as their grandchildren are, when necessary to wash the dishes or saw wood for cooking stove .

plain woven by skilled hands of housemother, and bleached on the grass under the branches of young apple blossom, linen cloth used for family, and was considered one of the few luxury frugal household - raw cotton costs more than fifty cents one kilogram , to say nothing of time and work necessary to convert it into cloth.

Given the scarcity of cotton, our modern "comfortables" were a thing unheard of, and for a substitute, wool blankets, stuffed with wool, and tightly quilted often the most elaborate models were used in all New England households. These quilts were often sparse and thin Many a poor home, Where the old people were working hard to shield their flock than the bitter cold of winter, despite the huge fire Even that the poorest were able provide if Any amount of fuel could have been scrapped.

I heard a story of a good lady who lived at that time in a city, not a hundred miles from Boston, which provides an idea of the straits to which our grandparents were often reduced in these days: -

Following a bitterly cold night with a sick neighbor, she heard, at midnight, cold little children crying in the attic above his head, and leaving her sleeping patient, she went upstairs and tried to find an extra quilt or blanket to spread over them. But in vain, because the poor house was not so much as a shoulder-blanket that could be spared. At last, in total despair, she chills spread over the least part of the skin, which was found rolled up under the eaves.

"It kept out the cold anyway," she said, she told the story years later. "The poor things off their cry, and thanked her arms down as a" comfortable nestful as a "kitten."
