Matrons, young and old, wore caps plain white muslin, made after the same manner as the round, sweeping hood to clear the housekeepers wear today. The younger and more diverse those who had no scruples of conscience on the subject, wore their hats adorned with pink ribbon, while the older and more sedate merely an ordinary band of black across the front, and pinned primly on the back, no shoulders or node. 68 "

- A fac-simile of the inscription on the coffin-plate of this famous and beloved boss. Wool and flax were home productions, but cotton was brought in raw mode from the Antilles.

It was first taken over very carefully, to remove stray seeds and bits of foreign nonsense as "Fly," it is that in small flaps, each large enough to be carded into a roller, which was spun into wire on either a wool or linen wheel. This "fur" normally fell to many of the children in the family that probably took monotonous task so little to their taste as their grandchildren do when it needed to wash up or saw wood for cooking-stove.

Woven plain by the skilled hands of house mother, and bleached on the young grass during the flowering apple branches, cloth served the underwear of the family, and was considered one of the few luxuries for the frugal household - the raw cotton costs more than the fifty cents pound to say something about the time and labor required to convert it into cloth.

Because of the scarcity of cotton, our modern "comfortable" a thing unheard of, and for a replacement, woolen blankets, stuffed with wool and closely quilted, often in the most extensive patterns that were used in all of New England households. These quilts were often few and thin in many poor homes where the elders were working hard to protect their flock small from the bitter cold winter, despite the huge fire, even the poorest could supply where any amount of fuel could be had for cutting.

I have heard a story about a good lady who lived at the time in a city not a hundred miles from Boston, which gives one an idea of the straits in which our grandparents were often reduced in these days: -

See a bitterly cold night with a sick neighbor, she heard at midnight, the little children crying with cold on the ceiling overhead, leaving her sleeping patient, she went upstairs and tried to find an extra quilt or blanket to spread above them. But in vain, for in the poor home there was not so much as a shoulder-carpet could be saved. Finally, in complete despair spread over her shaking a small part of leather that she was curled up under the eaves.

"It kept out the cold, anyhow," she said when she told me years afterwards. "And the poor little thing stopped their Cryin 'and dingy down as happy a" comfortable as a nestful o' kittens. "
