He will ascend indeed, and fly, in any wind that permits him to take his
machine from the ground into the air, or which the motor of his craft will allow it to make
headway against. And here, though machines are still experimental, there is removed at one
stroke the earliest and the most positive objection of those who criticised a man's power to
fly. When the first aeroplanes flew the sceptics said: "You have still to conquer the wind,
and that you will never do. Aeroplanes will be built to fly only in favourable weather, and
this will limit their use so greatly that they will have no significance." But to-day the aviator
has ceased, one might almost say, to be checked or hampered by the wind. If the need is urgent,
as it often is in war, then it will be nothing less than a gale that will keep a pilot to the
ground, provided he has a sufficiently powerful machine, and a suitable ground from which to
rise--and granted also that he has no long distance to fly. Wind-flying resolves itself into
a question of having ample engine-power, of being able to launch a machine without accident,
and get it to earth again without mishap; and of being able to make a reasonable headway against
the wind when once aloft; and these difficulties should solve themselves, as larger and heavier
machines are built.

Apart from the growing skill of the aviator, which has been bought dearly, science can now
give him a machine, when he is in a wind, that needs no exhausting effort to hold it in flight.
Craft are built, as a matter of certainty and routine, which have an automatic stability. Science
has made it possible indeed, by a mere shaping and placing of surfaces, and without the aid
of mechanical devices, to give an aeroplane such a natural and inherent stability that, when
it is assailed by wind gusts in flight, it will exercise itself an adequate correcting influence.
To understand what this means it should be realised that, when such a machine is in flight
say in war on a strategical reconnaissance, and carries pilot and passenger, the former can
take it to a suitable altitude and then set and lock his controls, and afterwards devote his
time, in common with that of his passenger, to the making of observations or the writing of
notes. The machine meanwhile flies itself, adapting itself automatically to all the differences
of wind pressure which, if it had not this natural stability, would need a constant action
of the pilot to overcome. All he need do is to maintain it on its course by an occasional movement
of the rudder. With such a machine, even on a day when there is a rough and gusty wind, it
is possible for an airman to fly for hours without fatigue; whereas with a machine which is
not automatically stable, and needs a ceaseless operation of its controls, the physical exhaustion
of a pilot, after hours of flight, is very severe.

So, already, one sees these factors of safety emerge and take their place.
