He will ascend in certainty, and by aircraft, in any airstream that sanctions him to take his device from the ground into the air, or which the drive of his workmanship will sanction it to make headway against. And here, though devices are still untested, there is extracted at one stroke the soonest and the most optimistic objection of those who deplored a man's power to fly. When the first aeroplanes glided the sceptics said: "You have still to conquer the airstream, and that you will not ever do. Aeroplanes will be assembled to by aircraft only in favourable conditions, and this will limit their use so highly that they will have no significance." But to-day the aviator has finished, one might virtually declare, to be checked or hampered by the wind. If the need is imperative, as it often is in combat, then it will be none less than a gale that will retain a direct to the ground, gave he has a amply strong device, and a appropriate ground from which to rise--and given in addition that he has no long way to fly. Wind-flying resolves itself into a query of having abundant engine-power, of being competent to launch a device without misadventure, and get it to world over without mishap; and of being competent to make a rational headway against the airstream when one time aloft; and these annoyances should resolve themselves, as greater and heavier devices are built.
Apart from the growing talent of the aviator, which has been paid for heartfelt, research can now give him a device, when he is in a airstream, that wants no fatiguing effort to retain it in flight. Craft are assembled, as a subject of certainty and regular, which have an automated stability. Science has made it probable in certainty, by a simple profiling and positioning of coverings, and without the assist of mechanical inventions, to give an aeroplane such a natural and inherent constancy that, when it is criticized by airstream gusts in plane tour, it will physical exercise itself an enough rectifying influence. To appreciate what this means it should be understood that, when such a device is in plane tour declare in combat on a strategical reconnaissance, and carries direct and commuter, the first can take it to a appropriate altitude and then set and shut up his controls, and later commit his time, in universal with that of his commuter, to the making of sightings or the drafting of notes. The device in the mean time takes a plane itself, accommodating itself self-acting to all the divergences of airstream insist which, if it had not this natural constancy, would need a unfailing achievement of the direct to overcome. All he need do is to uphold it on its course by an occasional motion of the rudder. With such a device, even on a day when there is a bumpy and gusty airstream, it is probable for an airman to by aircraft for hours without fatigue; where with a device which is not self-acting unwavering, and wants a ceaseless performance of its controls, the bodily exhaustion of a direct, after hours of plane tour, is very severe.

So, now, one sees these elements of protection arise and take their place.
