Then there were treatises on grammar, on orthography,
and a series of works on mathematics. In all of his writings Cassiodorus shows a special fondness
for the symbolism of numbers.

There is a well-grounded tradition that he insisted on the study of the Greek classics of medical
literature, especially Hippocrates and Galen, and awakened the interest of the monks in the
necessity for making copies of these fathers of medicine. The tradition that he established
at Vivarium is also found to have existed at Monte Cassino among the Benedictines, and, doubtless,
to this is to be attributed the foundation of the medical school of Salerno, where Benedictine
influence was so strong. It is probable, therefore, that to Cassiodorus must be attributed
the preservation in as perfect a state as we have them of the old Greek medical writers.

His main idea was, of course, the study of Scriptures, but with just as many helps as possible.
He thought that commentators, and historians, not alone Christian, but also Hebrew and Pagan,
should be studied to illustrate it, and then the commentaries of the Latin fathers, so that
a thoroughly rounded knowledge of it should be obtained. He thus began an "Encyclopedia Biblica,"
and set a host of workers at its accomplishment.

Every country in Europe shared this movement for the diffusion of information during the early
Middle Ages, and the works of men from each of these countries in succeeding centuries has
come down to us, preserved in spite of all the vicissitudes to which they were so liable during
the centuries before the invention of printing and the easy multiplication of books. To many
people it will seem surprising to learn that the next evidence of deep broad interest in knowledge
is to be found in the next century in the distant west of Europe, in the Spanish Peninsula.
It is a long step from the semi-barbaric splendor of the Gothic court at Verona, to the bishop's
palace in Seville in Andalusia. The two cities are separated by what is no inconsiderable distance
in our day. In the seventh century they must have seemed almost at the other end of the world
from each other. Those who recall what we have insisted on in several portions of the body
of this work with regard to the high place Spanish genius won for itself in the Roman Empire,
and how much of culture among the Spaniards of that time the occurrence of so many important
writers of that nationality must imply, will not be surprised at the distinguished work of
a great Christian Spanish writer of the seventh century.

Indeed, it would be only what might be expected for evidences of early awakening of the broadest
culture to be found in Spain. The important name in the popularization of science in the seventh
century is St. Isidore of Seville. He made a compendium of all the scattered scientific traditions
and information of his time with regard to natural phenomena in a sort of encyclopedia of science.
