Then they were treated on grammar, the spelling, and a series of mathematical works. Cassiodorus in all his writings show a particular fondness for the symbolism of numbers.

There is a well-founded tradition that insisted on studying classical Greek medical literature, especially Hippocrates and Galen, and monks awakened interest in the need to make copies of these fathers of medicine. Vivarium established tradition is also to have existed among the Benedictines of Monte Cassino, and undoubtedly, in this context is to be attributed to the medical school of Salerno, where the Benedictine influence was so strong . It is likely therefore that, to be awarded Cassiodorus in perfect preservation as a Member State that we have the ancient Greek medical writers.

His main idea was, of course, study the Scriptures, but with as much help as possible. He thought that commentators and historians, not just Christian, but also Hebrew and Gentile, should be studied to illustrate it, and then comments Latin parents, so its a well rounded knowledge should be obtained. He began as a "Bible Encyclopedia", and established a number of workers at the accomplishment.

Each country in Europe agree with this move for the dissemination of information during the Middle Ages and the work of people in each of these countries in succeeding centuries came to us, preserved despite all the hardships that have been so kind over the centuries before the invention of printing and reproduction of books easier. For many people it will seem surprising to learn that the following evidence of widespread interest in deeper understanding is to be found in the next century in the far west of Europe, the Spanish peninsula. It is a long step from the semi-barbaric splendor of Gothic court in Verona, the Episcopal Palace in Seville in Andalusia. The two cities are separated by what is even today a considerable distance. In the seventh century they must have seemed almost at the other end of the world from each other. Those who remember why I insisted on in several portions of the body on this Spanish genius won high place for himself in the Roman Empire, and how much of that culture among Spaniards for development so Many important writers of that nationality must involve not be surprised to work great Christian writer awarded a seventh-century Spanish.

Indeed, it would be only what might be expected to wake early evidence of the wider culture to be found in Spain. Name important in popularizing science in the seventh century is St. Isidore of Seville. He was a compendium of all traditions scattered scientific information and his time on natural phenomena in a kind of encyclopedia of science.
