Then they were treated in grammar, spelling, and a series of works on mathematics. In all his writings Cassiodorus shows a special fondness for the symbolism of numbers.

There is a well-founded tradition that emphasized the study of the Greek medical literature, especially Hippocrates and Galen, and aroused the interest of the monks in the need to make copies of these fathers of medicine. The tradition that he established in Vivarium also found that there has been at Monte Cassino, among the Benedictines, and certainly this must be attributed the founding of the medical school of Salerno, where the Benedictine influence was so strong. It is likely, therefore, be attributed to Cassiodorus conservation in a state as perfect as we have of the ancient Greek medical writers.

Their main idea was, of course, the study of Scripture, but with the same amount possible assistance. She thought that commentators and historians, not only Christians, but also Hebrew and heathen, must be studied to illustrate, then the comments of the Latin Fathers, as a fully rounded knowledge of it must be obtained. Thus began a "Bible Encyclopedia," and set a host of workers in their implementation.

All European countries shared this movement for the dissemination of information during the Middle Ages, and the works of men of each of these countries in succeeding centuries has survived, preserved, despite all events to which they were as responsible for the centuries before the invention of printing and the multiplication of books easier. Many people seem surprising to learn that the evidence of deep beside the broad interest in knowledge is in the next century in the far west of Europe, in the Spanish peninsula. It is a big step from the semi-barbaric splendor of the court Gothic Verona, the palace of the bishop of Seville in Andalusia. The two cities are separated by considerable distance from what is today. In the seventh century that must have seemed almost at the other end of the world from each other. Those who remember what they have insisted on in several parts of the body of this work in conjunction with high Spanish genius won for itself in the Roman Empire, and how much of the culture among the Spanish of that time the emergence of many important writers of that nationality should imply, is not surprised by the outstanding work of a great writer century Spanish Christian VII.

In fact, it would be just what one would expect the signs of waking up early the widest of crops that are in Spain. The major name in the popularization of science in the seventh century is St. Isidore of Seville. He made a compendium of all traditions and scientific information dispersed of their time in terms of natural phenomena in a kind of encyclopedia of science.
