146. When there are Children to be baptized, the Parents shall give knowledge thereof over
night, or in the morning before the beginning of Morning Prayer, to the Curate. And then the
Godfathers and Godmothers, and the people with the Children, must be ready at the Font, either
immediately after the last Lesson at Morning Prayer, or else immediately after the last Lesson
at Evening Prayer, as the Curate by his discretion shall appoint. And the Priest coming to
the Font, (which is then to be filled with pure Water,) and standing there, shall say, Hath
this child, &c.

The use of the word 'Priest' here should not be taken to exclude the ministration of a Deacon
in the absence of the Priest, inasmuch as the Ordination Service empowers a Deacon to baptize.
But it seems to exclude the ministration of a Deacon in the presence of the Priest.

The font should be filled immediately before the Baptism, so that the water may be pure and fresh.

The official dress for the Priest is a surplice and a stole.

It is the custom of some Churches to use a shell for pouring water on the child; and it ensures
the application of sufficient water. It is convenient, besides adding to the dignity of the
Sacrament, that when it is ministered according to the rubric at Morning or Evening Prayer,
the Priest should be attended to the font by two or more of the choir, who will hand him the
shell, or napkin, or hold the book when required.

147. If they answer, No: Then shall the Priest proceed as followeth. Dearly beloved, &c.

148. Then shall the Priest say, Let us pray.

At the words 'Let us pray,' the general congregation, as well as those immediately concerned
in the Baptism, should kneel, the Priest continuing to stand.

The Collects, 'Almighty and Everlasting God,' and 'Almighty and Immortal God,' should be said
by the Priest only, the people saying 'Amen.'

149. Then shall the people stand up, and the Priest shall say, Hear the words, &c.

150. After the Gospel is read, the Minister shall make this brief Exhortation upon the words
of the Gospel. Beloved, ye hear, &c.

151. Then shall the Priest speak unto the Godfathers and Godmothers on this wise. Dearly beloved,
&c.

152. Then shall the Priest say, O merciful God, &c.

In the Book of 1549 the Sign of the Cross was directed to be made in the water at the words
'Sanctify this fountain of Baptism,' which correspond to and are in substance restored by the
words 'Sanctify this water' in this prayer, introduced in the revision of 1662. It seems therefore
admissible to restore also the act of blessing which formerly accompanied the words now restored
in substance.

153. Then the Priest shall take the Child into his hands, and shall say to the Godfathers and
Godmothers,

Name this Child.

154. And then naming it after them (if they shall certify him that the Child may well endure
it) he shall dip it in the Water discreetly and warily, saying, N. I baptize thee, &c.

155.
