46. While there are kids to be baptized, the Parents shall provide awareness thereof more night, or in the morning ahead of the commencement of Morning Prayer, to the Curate. And after that the Godfathers and Godmothers, also the people with the kids, should be prepared at the characters, either instantly following the final session at Morning Prayer, otherwise without delay following the final message at Evening Prayer, as the Curate by his judgment shall assign. Furthermore the Pastor coming to the Font, (which is next to be filled with clean Water,) and standing nearby, shall say, Hath this kid, &c. 

The use of the sound 'Priest' at this position should not be taken to go away out the ministration of a Deacon in the lack of the Priest, in to the extent that the Ordination Service empowers a Deacon to baptize. However it seems to keep out the ministration of a Deacon in the existence of the Priest. 

The font ought to be filled right away before the Baptism, so that the water might be unpolluted and new. 

The authorized uniform for the Priest is a surplice and a stole. 

It is the tradition of several Churches to utilize a shell for bucketing water on the youngster; along with it ensure the application of adequate water. It is handy, in addition to the distinction of the Sacrament, so as to when it is ministered according to the rubric at Morning or Dusk Prayer, the Priest ought to be attend to the font by two or more of the choir, who will give him the crust, or napkin, or grasp the book while necessary. 

147. If they reply, No: After that shall the Priest carry on as followeth. Dearly beloved, &c. 

148. Next shall the Priest speak, Let us pray. 

By the words 'Let us pray,' the common congregation, with those instantly concerned in the Baptism, must stoop, the Priest continuing to stand. 

The Collects, Enormous and Never-ending God,' and 'Almighty and Everlasting God,' should be said by the Priest lone, the public saying 'Amen.' 

149. After that the populace stand up, and the Priest shall say, Listen to the words, &c. 

150. Following the Gospel is read, the Minister shall formulate this short Refrain leading the terms of the Gospel. Adored, ye hear, &c. 

151. After that the Priest shall talk unto the Godfathers and Godmothers on this clever. Extremely adored, &c. 

152. Then shall the Priest utter, O kind God, &c. 

In the manuscript of 1549 the mark of the Cross was directed to be prepared in the water at the words 'Sanctify this spray of Baptism,' which match to and be in matter restored in the vocabulary 'Sanctify this water' in this plea, introduced in the amendment of 1662. It seems for that reason permissible to re-establish also the act of consent which previously accompanies the terms currently restore into matter. 

153. Next the Priest shall receive the Child into his hand, also shall say to the Godfathers and Godmothers, 

Name this Kid. 

154. And after that naming  after them (if they shall verify him that the Child can fine bear it) he shall plunge it in the Water discreetly and cautiously, saying, N. I baptize thee, &c. 

155.
