They have merged together into something that seems to be permanent after for nearly fifty years their work separately.

In the village, in a bleak Lanarkshire factory, in the south of Scotland, Robert Owen, millowner, socialist and Welshman, found that unless he could provide for the education of the children of his factory hands, no parents would consent to settle in the district and he would be without workers in his mill. But Owen found himself, as a consequence, in the position of education authority, privy purse and organiser. He did not flinch from the situation and he imposed on cheap makeshift. He did it because he believed in education as an end and not as an economic means. A twofold institution was therefore established by him in 1816. One fold was for the children of recognised school age, presumably over six, and other one for those under school age, whose only entrance test was their ability to walk. The concern is with the latter.

Owen gave instructions to the man and the women, whom he chose for his Infant School, may serve to show his general aim. His aim was that the babies under their care were above all to be happy, to lead a natural life, outdoor or indoor as weather permitted, learning their surroundings, playing, singing, dancing etc. He made it sure that no book should annoy the babies and not shadowed by the needs of the upper school but living the life their age demanded. In the light of the 1918 Education Bill this seems almost prophetic.

Owen selected the guardians solely on the grounds of personality and expected to work in the spirit in which he conceived the school. They were gentle, without personal ambition, fond of children, caring only for their welfare. But the sole guiding principle was Owen, and this was at once the success and doom of the school. The personality of Owen was thus made the pivot found which the school revolved. There was nothing to take hold of without him.

The persons with the stamp of authority came to see the school after Owen's experiment became known. Even official hearts were moved by the reality of the children's happiness and their consequent development. The visitors felt, rather than knew, that the thing was right. Similar institutions were established in London and after one or two experiments, a permanent one was founded which was under the control of a man named Wilderspin.

Wilderspin's contribution to education is difficult to estimate as certainly he never caught Owen's spirit or realised his simple purpose. Wilderspin had ambitions reaching beyond the happiness of the children, and far from trying to make their education suit their stage of growth. He ought to produce the "Infant Prodigy," just as a contemporary of his sought to produce the "Infant Saint." From this one can see that his aim was what he honestly believed to be right as far as his light went. But he sought for no light beyond his own and outlook was not so narrow as his application was unintelligent.
