
There is a great deal in looking wise even if you don't feel so. Talk always of your "dones,"
and leave out the "undones."

Most of us have heard of the apocryphal American who "does Europe" in a fortnight! I cannot
say that I have actually met that gentleman, but I have met pilgrims, both English and American,
who will tell you grandly that they have "done"--say Rome, in two, nay in one day! All the
antiquities, of course, and the Museums; and then comes a string of names of churches, and
galleries, until you gasp for breath! You go away and lean against something to recover your
breath, and your gravity, but the pilgrimage is an accomplished fact. They have a right to
stick to the cockle-shell in their cap, so to speak, and go home saying, "Oh, yes! We have
done Rome, or Italy, or Egypt, thoroughly; missed nothing!"

If one could take an impression of one of these pilgrim's brains by "Kodak," one would get
some queer results in chaos, rather like the game of family post--the Raphael frescoes transferring
themselves to Karnak, and the Sphinx hiding in the Catacombs, whilst pictures, statuary, and
shrines of "cult" executed a Bacchanalian dance on a gigantic scale all round.

But results do not alter facts; and in these busy days people are generally content to see
your tree of knowledge; they have no time to climb its branches to look for the fruit of wisdom!

We have changed our pilgrim weeds for an ulster of the latest cut, and our Missal for a "Murray"
or "Baedeker," but are we really so much wiser than our forefathers?

Alas! we have but changed the object, and human nature, gullible ever, sees no reason why it
should not flock in thousands to drop a visiting card into the tomb (so called) of "Juliet"
at Verona, with as fond credulity as their fathers, when they deposited their candle at the
tomb of some miracle-working saint; with this difference, however--that the latter was deposited
for the glory and praise of the saint, and the former of the sinner himself. Who could say,
after that, that he had not seen it!

I happened, when there, to make some irreverent remarks about that tomb. I had walked out to
see it on a hot afternoon, and I found it inconveniently far. One is accustomed to have these
places "grouped," and I was displeased with Juliet for not being buried nearer home--it was
an oversight--but perhaps it had been arranged for the benefit of the carriage-drivers. Juliet
was public-spirited, and thought of all classes, and their interests. I did not think of all
these extenuating circumstances then, however, and so I said unbelieving things about her tomb.

The custode was deeply pained, as an orthodox custode ought to be. He remonstrated with me
first, and then he pointed to the wall. "Ecco, Signor! è scritto, è scritto è verissimo!"

And there indeed it was written, in good set terms, and in two or three languages, for the
benefit of all non-literary or unbelieving pilgrims.
