There is a great import within glancing sensible even whether you don't feel so. Talk always of your "dones," and flee out the "undones."

Most of ourselves possess heard of the apocryphal American whom "does Europe" within a fortnight! I cannot say that I possess actually met that gentleman, but I possess met pilgrims, both English and American, whom shall tell you grandly that they possess "done"--say Rome, within two, nay within one day! All the antiquities, of course, and the Museums; and otherwise arrives a row of names of churches, and galleries, until you gasp for breath! You go away and thin against something towards retrieve your breath, and your gravity, but the pilgrimage is an accomplished fact. They possess entitlement towards stick towards the cockle-shell within their hat, so towards speak, and go house remarking, "Oh, yes! We possess done Rome, or Italy, or Egypt, thoroughly; missed nothing!"

If one could rob an impression of one of these pilgrim's brains via "Kodak," one would get a number of queer findings within chaos, rather want the toy of relations post--the Raphael frescoes shifting themselves towards Karnak, and the Sphinx hiding within the Catacombs, whilst films, statuary, and shrines of "cult" executed a Bacchanalian dance onto a massive climb everybody round.

But findings do not amend facts; and within these bustling days civilians are loosely content towards see your tree of knowledge; they possess none moment towards go up its agents towards glance for the fruit of wisdom!

We possess affected our pilgrim weeds for an ulster of the latest cut, and our Missal for a "Murray" or "Baedeker," but are we genuinely so much wiser than our forefathers?

Alas! we possess but affected the object, and human nature, gullible ever, sees none reason why it should not flock within thousands towards descent a touring card into the tomb (so called) of "Juliet" at Verona, with as fond credulity as their fathers, when they deposited their lamp at the tomb of a number of miracle-working saint; with this difference, however--that the latter was deposited for the glory and praise of the saint, and the former of the sinner himself. Who could say, as soon as that, that he had not sighted it!
