I will now endeavor to display why the new twisted cord will not be liable to this adversity, to any thing like the identical extent. 

I have alluded to the  opposition   suggested  by the conductor of a telegraph-cable to the  route  of an  electric  driven    present,  and to the retardation of this  present  by static induction. The  periods  retardation and  opposition  are not  advised   mechanically  synonymous, but are  proposed,  as  electric   periods,  to designate two very  distinct  forces. The  opposition  of a  cable,  as we have  glimpsed   overhead,  is proportional to its  extent,  and inversely to its diameter. It is  overwhelm  by  expanding  the number of  units  in the  electric battery,  or, in other  phrases,  by  expanding  the  power  or force of the current. The retardation in a telegraphic  twisted cord,  on the  opposing,  is proportional to the  extent  of the conducting-wire and the  power  of the battery. In the  previous  case, by  expanding  the  electric  force you  overwhelm  the resistance; while in the  last  cited,   by augmenting the  electric  force you  boost  the retardation. 

 From the foregoing  regulation  it will be  glimpsed  that there are two  modes  of lessening the  opposition  upon telegraphic conductors,--one by  decreasing  the  extent,  and the other by  expanding  the  locality  of the  part  of the conducting-wire. If, then, by  evaluation,  we  approximate  the  opposition  in the  vintage  Atlantic  twisted cord  to have been  identical  to two  1000  miles of  commonplace  telegraph-wire, the  expanded   dimensions  of the conducting-wire of the new  twisted cord   decreases  the  opposition  to one-fifth that  expanse,  or four  century  miles. And while it  needed  two  century   units  of  electric battery  to  make   power   adequate  to work over the two  1000  miles of  opposition  in the  vintage   twisted cord,  it will  need  but one-fifth as much, or forty  units,  to  overwhelm  the four  century  miles of  opposition  in the new cable. The retardation which  produced  from the  strong   present   developed  by two  century   units  will be  furthermore  proportionately  decreased  in the comparatively  little   electric battery  of forty cells. Thus we  see,  that, while the  extent  of the  twisted cord  is, electrically and  virtually,   decreased  to one-fifth of its  previous   extent,  the retardation of the  present  is  furthermore   declined  in the  identical  proportion. Therefore, if, with the  vintage   twisted cord,  three  phrases  per minute could be  conveyed,  with the new  twisted cord  we  will  be  adept  to  convey  five times as  numerous,  or fifteen  phrases  per minute. This is not  identical  to our Morse  scheme  on the land-lines, which will  pointer  at the rate of thirty-five  phrases  per minute, still less to the  publishing   scheme,  which can  pointer  at the rate of fifty  phrases  per minute; but, even at this rate, the  twisted cord  would be  endowed  to  convey  in twenty-four hours one  1000  despatches  encompassing  an  mean  of  20   phrases  apiece. Mr. Field,  although,   assertions  for the  twisted cord  a  pace  of only twelve  phrases  per minute, which would  decrease  the number of despatches of  20   phrases  each that could be  conveyed  in twenty-four hours to eight  century  and sixty-four.
