
I will now endeavor to show why the new cable will not be liable to this difficulty, to anything
like the same extent.

I have alluded to the resistance offered by the conductor of a telegraph-cable to the passage
of an electric current, and to the retardation of this current by static induction. The terms
retardation and resistance are not considered technically synonymous, but are intended, as
electrical terms, to designate two very different forces. The resistance of a wire, as we have
seen above, is proportional to its length, and inversely to its diameter. It is overcome by
increasing the number of cells in the battery, or, in other words, by increasing the intensity
or force of the current. The retardation in a telegraphic cable, on the contrary, is proportional
to the length of the conducting-wire and the intensity of the battery. In the former case,
by increasing the electrical force you overcome the resistance; while in the latter, by augmenting
the electrical force you increase the retardation.

From the foregoing law it will be seen that there are two ways of lessening the resistance
upon telegraphic conductors,--one by reducing the length, and the other by increasing the area
of the section of the conducting-wire. If, then, by comparison, we estimate the resistance
in the old Atlantic cable to have been equal to two thousand miles of ordinary telegraph-wire,
the increased size of the conducting-wire of the new cable reduces the resistance to one-fifth
that distance, or four hundred miles. And while it required two hundred cells of battery to
produce intensity sufficient to work over the two thousand miles of resistance in the old cable,
it will require but one-fifth as much, or forty cells, to overcome the four hundred miles of
resistance in the new cable. The retardation which resulted from the intense current generated
by two hundred cells will be also proportionately reduced in the comparatively small battery
of forty cells. Thus we perceive, that, while the length of the cable is, electrically and
practically, reduced to one-fifth of its former length, the retardation of the current is also
decreased in the same proportion. Therefore, if, with the old cable, three words per minute
could be transmitted, with the new cable we shall be able to transmit five times as many, or
fifteen words per minute. This is not equal to our Morse system on the land-lines, which will
signal at the rate of thirty-five words per minute, still less to the printing system, which
can signal at the rate of fifty words per minute; but, even at this rate, the cable would be
enabled to transmit in twenty-four hours one thousand despatches containing an average of twenty
words apiece. Mr. Field, however, claims for the cable a speed of only twelve words per minute,
which would reduce the number of despatches of twenty words each that could be transmitted
in twenty-four hours to eight hundred and sixty-four.
