Even fewer had reason to go abroad. Most voters lived their whole lives in an environment, and with nothing but a low number of newspapers, some pamphlets, political speeches, their religious training, and go on rumor, had to think about that average more than trade and finance, war and peace. Number of public opinion based on any objective report was very small compared to those based on casual fancy.

And so for many different reasons, self-sufficiency was an ideal spiritual training period. Township physical isolation, loneliness pioneered the theory of democracy, the Protestant tradition and the limits of political science all converged to make people believe in their conscience they should leave political wisdom. It is not strange that the deduction of laws from absolute principles should have usurped much of their free energy. American political mind had to live on its capital. Legalism found in a body of rules to test the new rules could be spun without the labor of earning new truths from experience. Became so curiously sacred formulas that every good foreign observer has been amazed by the contrast between the dynamic practical energy of static theorism American people and their public life. The kindness of fixed principles was simply the only known way to achieve self-sufficiency. But it meant that public views on any community outside world consisted primarily of a few stereotyped images arranged in a pattern deduced from their legal and their moral codes, and animated by the feeling aroused by local experiences.

Thus democratic theory, based on his vision of human dignity fine finally been forced by lack of knowledge for reporting tools to its environment, withdraw from wisdom and experience, which happened to have accumulated in the voter. God had, in the words of Jefferson, made men breasts' s special deposit for substantial and genuine virtue. " These people mainly in their own right all the facts before them. Environment was so familiar that one could take for granted that people were talking about the same things substantially. Only real disagreements, therefore, would be decisions on the same facts. There was need to ensure information sources. They were obvious, and equally accessible to all people. There need not trouble on the final criteria. The community can be assumed independent, or at least did assume a homogeneous code of morals. The only place, therefore, differences of opinion was logical application of accepted standards to accepted facts. And since the reasoning faculty was also well standardized, an error of reasoning would be quickly exposed in a free discussion. He followed that truth could be obtained of freedom within these limits.
