Even fewer had reason to go abroad. Most voters lived their whole lives
in one environment, and with nothing but a few feeble newspapers, some pamphlets, political
speeches, their religious training, and rumor to go on, they had to conceive that larger environment
of commerce and finance, of war and peace. The number of public opinions based on any objective
report was very small in proportion to those based on casual fancy.

And so for many different reasons, self-sufficiency was a spiritual ideal in the formative
period. The physical isolation of the township, the loneliness of the pioneer, the theory of
democracy, the Protestant tradition, and the limitations of political science all converged
to make men believe that out of their own consciences they must extricate political wisdom.
It is not strange that the deduction of laws from absolute principles should have usurped so
much of their free energy. The American political mind had to live on its capital. In legalism
it found a tested body of rules from which new rules could be spun without the labor of earning
new truths from experience. The formulae became so curiously sacred that every good foreign
observer has been amazed at the contrast between the dynamic practical energy of the American
people and the static theorism of their public life. That steadfast love of fixed principles
was simply the only way known of achieving self-sufficiency. But it meant that the public opinions
of any one community about the outer world consisted chiefly of a few stereotyped images arranged
in a pattern deduced from their legal and their moral codes, and animated by the feeling aroused
by local experiences.

Thus democratic theory, starting from its fine vision of ultimate human dignity, was forced
by lack of the instruments of knowledge for reporting its environment, to fall back upon the
wisdom and experience which happened to have accumulated in the voter. God had, in the words
of Jefferson, made men's breasts "His peculiar deposit for substantial and genuine virtue."
These chosen people in their self-contained environment had all the facts before them. The
environment was so familiar that one could take it for granted that men were talking about
substantially the same things. The only real disagreements, therefore, would be in judgments
about the same facts. There was no need to guarantee the sources of information. They were
obvious, and equally accessible to all men. Nor was there need to trouble about the ultimate
criteria. In the self-contained community one could assume, or at least did assume, a homogeneous
code of morals. The only place, therefore, for differences of opinion was in the logical application
of accepted standards to accepted facts. And since the reasoning faculty was also well standardized,
an error in reasoning would be quickly exposed in a free discussion. It followed that truth
could be obtained by liberty within these limits.
