Even fewer had reason to travel abroad. Most voters lived their whole lives in an environment with nothing more than a few weak newspapers, some pamphlets, political speeches, their religious training and rumor to go on, they should imagine that the larger environment of commerce and finance, of war and peace. The number of public statements based on an objective report was very small compared to those based on casual fancy.

And so for many different reasons, self-sufficiency was a spiritual ideal in the formative period. The physical isolation of the municipality, the loneliness of the pioneer, the theory of democracy, the Protestant tradition, and limitations in political science all converged to make men believe that out of their own consciences they must release political wisdom. It is not strange that the deduction of laws from absolute principles should have usurped so much of their free energy. The American political mind had to live on his capital. In legalism found a tested set of rules that new rules could be spun without the labor to serve new truths from experience. The formula was so strange sacred that every good foreign observers have been surprised by the contrast between the dynamic practical energy of the American people and the static theorism of their public lives. This steadfast love of fixed principles was simply the only way known to achieve self-sufficiency. But it meant that the public statements of any society on the outer world consisted chiefly of a few stereotyped images arranged in a pattern derived from their legal and their moral codes, and animated by the feeling aroused local experiences.

Thus democratic theory, starting from its fine vision of ultimate human dignity, was forced by lack of the instruments of knowledge for reporting its surroundings, to fall back on the wisdom and experience who happens to have accumulated in the electorate. God had in words Jefferson did men's breasts "His peculiar deposit for substantial and genuine virtue." These chosen people in their self-contained environment had all the facts before them. The environment was so familiar that one could take it for granted that men talked about similar things. The only real disagreement would be in judgments about the same proportion. There was no need to secure sources of information. They were clear and equal access for all men. There was no need to worry about the ultimate criteria. In self-sustaining community could assume or at least did assume a homogeneous code morale. The only place, therefore the differences were in the logical application of accepted standards to accepted facts. And since the reasoning faculty was also well standardized, an error in reasoning would be quickly exposed in a free discussion. It followed that truth can be achieved through freedom within those boundaries.
