Gay's ardent adore for angling is well famous; it was his major work in the summer at Amesbury; and "the late outstanding John Tobin, writer of the Honey Moon, was an enthusiastic angler." Between heroes, Trajan loved of angling. The clip frequently is set in the cartilaginous piece of the mouth, where there are no nerves; and a evidence that the sufferings of a hooked fish cannot be vast is found in the situation, that even if a trout has been hooked and played for several minutes, he will often, after his break out with the fake fly in his lips, obtain the usual fly, and feed as if nothing had happened; having apparently learnt merely since the trial, that the fake fly is not appropriate for food. And I have trapped pikes with four or five hooks in their mouths, and tackle which they had wrecked just a few minutes before; and the hooks seemed to have had no extra result than that of serving as a kind of paste tasty, advice them to grab one more morsel of the identical class.--The advocates for a preferred pursuit never wish for sophisms to guard it. I have yet heard it asserted that a hare enjoys being hunted. Yet I will permit that fly-fishing, following your vindication, appears with the slightest nasty of field sports. 

We have to; still, detain ourselves to a little colloquial extracts from the practical piece of the quantity; as 

Flies on the Wandle, &c. 

Orn.-- Definitely the May-fly period is not the lone time for day-fishing in this stream? [the Wandle.]--Hal. Surely not. There are as various fish to be taken, maybe, in the spring fishing; but in this deep waterway they are rarely in superior period till the May-fly has been on, and a fortnight thus they will be still enhanced than even now. In September there might be fine fish in use here; but the autumnal flies are less copious in this river than the spring flies--Phys, Pray tell me what be the variety of fly which obtain in these two seasons.--Hal. You know that trout spawn or dump their ova, &c. in the conclusion of the autumn or commencement of coldness, from the center of November till the start of January, their ripeness depending ahead the warmth of the period, their measure of food, &c. They are at least six weeks or two months after they have spawned before they get better their flesh; and the occasion when these fish are at the nastiest, is similarly the worst time for fly-fishing, both on account of the icy climate, and as there are less flies on the stream than at some other season. Even in December and January there are a little tiny gnats or water-flies on the water in the center of the day, in brilliant days, or when there is sunlight. These are normally black, and they run away the pressure of the frost by the effects of glow on their black bodies, and most likely by the tremendous quickness of the motions of their fluids, and normally of their organs. They are found only at the exterior of the water, where the heat must be higher than the icy point.
