It's quite interesting to see how much closer to modern English is the copy, was probably not more than half a century later than the first and, above all, how much more close to spelling came. At this point, however, and, indeed, more than a century later, the spelling had no fixed rule, and a man could write the same word quite differently, even on the same page. The difference between the doctor's so early edition, and later in doctours one, probably means nothing more than personal peculiarities of the original translator or transcriber.]

[Footnote 27: The last word is written crapte Nica. I ventured to suggest Kraft as a misinterpretation of the two letters would be so easy. Similarly we tentatively suggested a change in title z ay National Library copy, making word zere yere place.]

[Footnote 28: "A History of Dentistry in ancient times by the end of the eighteenth century," by Dr. Vincenzo Guerin, editor of the Italian magazine L'odontostomatology, Philadelphia and New York, Lea and Febriger, 1909 .]

[Footnote 29: first printed edition of Arculanus is that the Venice, 1542, bearing the Latin name, "Joannis Arculani Commentaria in Nonum Librum Rasis, etc.]

[Footnote 30: It is interesting to watch how the old traditions are that some of these old stories, which must now be rejected, is unfounded. I got the story on Basil Valentine and antimony and monks in an old French encyclopedia of medical biography, published in the seventeenth century, and at that time there was no doubt at all about the truth expressed in it. How much older than this could not know, although it probably originated in the sixteenth century, when many people scribendi kakoëthes attacked because printing facility, and when most good stories that are so worried Modern dry-as-dust history to correct them in his research became part of the body of historical tradition had. Is probably of French origin, since this is a language antimoine tempting bait for that pseudo-philology, which has so often led to false derivatives.]

[Footnote 31: There the New York Academy of Medicine a thick 24mo three of the older medicine classics are bound together. They are Kerckringius's "Commentary on the Triumphal Chariot of Antimony", published Amsterdam, 1671, Steno's "Dissertation on brain anatomy," published in Leyden in 1671, and Father Kircher's "physical Scrutinium Contagiosae quae dicitur Pestis Luis ( Discussions physico-medical diseases, called Pest). This was published at Leipzig in 1659. Just how the three papers came to be linked together is hard to say. Very probably belonged to old-time scholar, although there is nothing about the books that tell nothing of the story.
