It is
rather interesting to note how much closer to modern English is this copy, made probably not
much more than half a century later than the first one and, above all, how much more nearly
the spelling has come. At this time, however, and, indeed, for more than a century later, spelling
had no fixed rule, and a man might spell the same word quite differently even on the same page.
The difference between doctor spelled thus in the early edition, and doctours in the later
one, probably means nothing more than personal peculiarities of the original translator or
copyist.]

[Footnote 27: In Nicaise this last word is written crapte. I have ventured to suggest crafte,
since a misreading between the two letters would be so easy. In the same way I have suggested
tentatively a changing of the z in the title of the Bibliothèque Nationale copy to y, making
the word yere instead of zere.]

[Footnote 28: "A History of Dentistry from the Most Ancient Times Until the End of the Eighteenth
Century," by Dr. Vincenzo Guerini, editor of the Italian Review L'Odonto-Stomatologia, Philadelphia
and New York, Lea and Febriger, 1909.]

[Footnote 29: The first printed edition of Arculanus is that of Venice, 1542, bearing the Latin
title, "Joannis Arculani Commentaria in Nonum Librum Rasis," etc.]

[Footnote 30: It is curious to trace how old are the traditions on which some of these old
stories, that must now be rejected, are founded. I have come upon the story with regard to
Basil Valentine and the antimony and the monks in an old French medical encyclopedia of biography,
published in the seventeenth century, and at that time there was no doubt at all expressed
as to its truth. How much older than this it may be I do not know, though it is probable that
it comes from the sixteenth century, when the kakoëthes scribendi attacked many people because
of the facility of printing, and when most of the good stories that have so worried the modern
dry-as-dust historian in his researches for their correction became a part of the body of supposed
historical tradition. It is probably French in origin because in that language antimoine is
a tempting bait for that pseudo-philology which has so often led to false derivations.]

[Footnote 31: There is in the New York Academy of Medicine a thick 24mo volume in which three
of the classics of older medicine are bound together. They are Kerckringius's "Commentary on
the Triumphal Chariot of Antimony," published at Amsterdam, 1671; Steno's "Dissertation on
the Anatomy of the Brain," published in Leyden in 1671, and Father Kircher's "Scrutinium Physico
Contagiosae Luis quae dicitur Pestis" (Physico-medical Discussions of the Contagious Disease
which is called Pest). This was published at Leipzig in 1659. Just how the three works came
to be bound together is hard to say. Very probably they belonged to some old-time scholar,
though there is nothing about the books to tell anything of the story.
