The reader would observe that this copy resembles modern English although this copy ages more than 500 years than the first one.  The spelling is also similar to modern English.  We note, though, that there are no fixed rules in spelling, as we can spell the same word in a different manner and yet mean the same thing.  In the early edition, it was spelled "doctor" but in the later copy, it was changed to "doctours." Nevertheless, it does not mean anything but tells about the personal peculiarities of the copyist.

[Footnote 27: In Nicaise the last word written was crapte. My suggestion was crafte, because we can misread the two letters. On the same note, I suggested changing of the "z" to "y" in the title of the "Bibliothèque Nationale" making the word yere instead of zere.]

[Footnote 28: "A History of Dentistry from the Most Ancient Times Until the End of the Eighteenth Century," by Dr. Vincenzo Guerini, editor of the Italian Review L'Odonto-Stomatologia, Philadelphia and New York, Lea and Febriger, 1909.]

[Footnote 29: The first printed edition of Arculanus is that of Venice, 1542, bearing the Latin title, "Joannis Arculani Commentaria in Nonum Librum Rasis," etc.]

[Footnote 30: It is interesting to trace the history of traditions based from old stories that have become baseless. In the 17th century, there was a story regarding Basil Valentine and the antimony and the monks in an old French medical encyclopedia of biography, and during that time, it was regarded as total reality. I do not know how much older it may be, but it is probably from the sixteenth century, when the kakoëthes scribendi attacked many people because of the facility of printing, and when most of the good stories that have so worried the modern historians for their correction became a part of the body of supposed historical tradition. The word probably has French origin because in that language antimoine is a tempting bait.]

[Footnote 31: In the New York Academy of Medicine lies a thick bound 24mo volume containing three of the classics of older medicine. They are Kerckringius's "Commentary on the Triumphal Chariot of Antimony," published at Amsterdam, 1671; Steno's "Dissertation on the Anatomy of the Brain," published in Leyden in 1671, and Father Kircher's "Scrutinium Physico Contagiosae Luis quae dicitur Pestis" (Physico-medical Discussions of the Contagious Disease which is called Pest). This was published at Leipzig in 1659. It is hard to decipher how the three works were bound together. It is very likely that they belonged to an old-time scholar, but there is no record about this.
