To  get away  this unfamiliar and rather overpowering  air  of friendliness our  part  of the Salonica Force  directly  made for the  closest   accessible   foe  and  discovered   us  at a  lonesome   location  on the Turkish frontier. The  title  of the O.C. Local Bulgars  started  with Boris, and he was a Candidat Offizier or Cadet, and  portraying  Town Major. As an earnest of good-will, he  displayed  us  photographs  of his  dwelling,  before and after the most  latest  pogrom, and of his grandfather, a bandit with a flourishing  perform  in the Philippopolis  locality,  much  highly regarded  locally.

We took up our dispositions, and soon all agents were committed arranging out the doubtful individual characteristics apprehended by the sentries. It was in this way that I became acquainted with Serge Gotastitch the Serb.

When he was conveyed before me I dispatched for Aristides Papazaphiropoulos, our interpreter, and in the meantime consigned a short address to the Sergeant-Major, Quartermaster-Sergeant and Storeman on the inferiority of the Balkan peoples, with specific quotation to the specimen before us, to who, in outlook of the detail that he appeared a little underneath himself, I provided a tot of rum. He eyed it with suspicion.

"What's this?" he inquired abruptly (in English). "Whisky?"

I acquainted him that it was rum.

"That's the goods," he said, and drank it. I then commenced interrogation.

"You are a Bulgar?" I asked.

"No," said Serge cheerlessly, "I am Serb."

"Serb! Then what are you managing here?"

"I hail from Prilep," he explained. "When Bulgar arrive Prilep, they state, 'You not Serb; you Bulgar.' So they bringit me here with other ones, and I workit on railroad. My family I not understand where they are; no apparel getting, no cash neither. English abounding money," he supplemented, à propos of nothing.

I disregarded the hint.

"Then you are a detainee of war?" I suggested.

"In vintage time," he proceeded, "Turks have Prilep. I proceed to America and workit on trains Chicago--three, four year. When I arrive back Turks take me for army. Not admiration I wasteland to Serbish army. When conflict complete, Serbs have Prilep. I proceed dwelling Serbish civil. Then this conflict start. Bulgar arrive to Prilep and state, 'You Bulgar, you arrive work for us.' You understahn me, boss?"

"I should gaze into this," I said to the Sergeant-Major. "Send for the interpreter and inquire the Bulgar agent to step in. He's just going past."

Boris reached with a salute and a charming grin and heard to my tale. Then he turned a freezing eye on Serge and blew into a torrent of Bulgarian, under which Serge stood with raising scalp.

"Sir," faltered Serge, when the cascade stopped, "I am liar. All I said to you is false. I am good Bulgar. I despise Serbs."

"Then you are not, in detail, a Serb?" I said.

"Nope," said Serge, nodding his head frantically (the Oriental procedure of negation).

"Do you desire to proceed home?" I inquired cunningly.

"Sure, boss," answered he. "Want to proceed Chicago."

Boris uttered one exploding guttural and Serge receded to the horizon with large rapidity.
