
To escape this unfamiliar and rather overpowering atmosphere of friendliness our section of
the Salonica Force immediately made for the nearest available enemy and found ourselves at
a lonely spot on the Turkish frontier. The name of the O.C. Local Bulgars began with Boris,
and he was a Candidat Offizier or Cadet, and acting Town Major. As an earnest of good-will,
he showed us photos of his home, before and after the most recent pogrom, and of his grandfather,
a bandit with a flourishing practice in the Philippopolis district, much respected locally.

We took up our dispositions, and shortly all officers were engaged sorting out the suspicious
characters arrested by the sentries. It was in this way that I became acquainted with Serge
Gotastitch the Serb.

When he was brought before me I sent for Aristides Papazaphiropoulos, our interpreter, and
in the meantime delivered a short lecture to the Sergeant-Major, Quartermaster-Sergeant and
Storeman on the inferiority of the Balkan peoples, with particular reference to the specimen
before us, to whom, in view of the fact that he seemed a little below himself, I gave a tot
of rum. He eyed it with suspicion.

"What's this?" he asked suddenly (in English). "Whisky?"

I informed him that it was rum.

"That's the goods," he said, and drank it. I then commenced interrogation.

"You are a Bulgar?" I asked.

"No," said Serge cheerlessly, "I am Serb."

"Serb! Then what are you doing here?"

"I hail from Prilep," he explained. "When Bulgar come Prilep, they say, 'You not Serb; you
Bulgar.' So they bringit me here with others, and I workit on railroad. My family I not know
where they are; no clothes getting, no money neither. English plenty money," he added, à propos
of nothing.

I ignored the hint.

"Then you are a prisoner of war?" I suggested.

"In old time," he continued, "Turks have Prilep. I go to America and workit on railroad Chicago--three,
four year. When I come back Turks take me for army. Not liking I desert to Serbish army. When
war finish, Serbs have Prilep. I go home Serbish civil. Then this war start. Bulgar come to
Prilep and say, 'You Bulgar, you come work for us.' You understahn me, boss?"

"I must look into this," I said to the Sergeant-Major. "Send for the interpreter and ask the
Bulgar officer to step in. He's just going past."

Boris arrived with a salute and a charming smile and listened to my tale. Then he turned a
cold eye on Serge and burst into a torrent of Bulgarian, under which Serge stood with lifting
scalp.

"Sir," faltered Serge, when the cascade ceased, "I am liar. All I said to you is false. I am
good Bulgar. I hate Serbs."

"Then you are not, in fact, a Serb?" I said.

"Nope," said Serge, nodding his head frantically (the Oriental method of negation).

"Do you want to go home?" I asked cunningly.

"Sure, boss," replied he. "Want to go Chicago."

Boris uttered one blasting guttural and Serge receded to the horizon with great rapidity.
