To escape this unknown and quite powerful section of our friendly atmosphere of Thessaloniki Force immediately made available for the nearest enemy and found ourselves in a lonely place at the Turkish border. Name O.C. Local Bulgarians began with Boris, and he was a candidate or Cadet Offizier and acting Town Major. As a seriously good-will, he showed us pictures of his home before and after the pogrom of the latest, and his grandfather, a bandit with a thriving practice in the district Philippopolis much respected locally.

We took up our provisions, and soon all the officers were arrested for suspicious characters involved sorting sentinels. It was thus that I became acquainted with Serge Gotastitch Serb.

When he was brought before I sent for Aristides Papazaphiropoulos, our interpreter, and also gave a short course and sergeant major, quartermaster-Sergeant in the warehouseman and inferior peoples of the Balkans, with particular reference to the model before to us, which, given that he seemed a bit down himself, I gave a TOT of rum. He eyes it with suspicion.

"What's that?" he asked suddenly (in English). "Whisky?"

I was informed that rum.

"That the goods", he said, and drank it. I then started questioning.

"Are you a Bulgarian?" I asked.

"No," said Serge cheerlessly, "I'm Serbian."

"Serbs! Then why are you doing here?"

"Hello from Prilep," he explained. "When they come Bulgarian Prilep, they say," You do not Serbian, you Bulgarian. "So bring me here with others, and I work on the railroad do not know where my family;. Getting no clothes, no money, no. English a lot of money," he said, à propos of nothing.

I ignored the hint.

"Then you are a prisoner of war?" I suggested.

"In old time," he continued, "The Turks Prilep. I go to America and work on the railroad in Chicago - three to four years. When I came back the Turkish army takes me like the desert to the army Serbish .. When the war finished, Serbs civil Serbish Prilep go home .. then this war began. Prilep Bulgarian comes and says, "You Bulgarian, you came to work for us." You understahn, boss? "

"I must look into this," I told the sergeant-major. "Send an interpreter and ask the Bulgarian officer to step in. He's just a past."

Boris arrived with a bow and a charming smile and listened to my story. Then he turned a cold eye on Serge and broke into a torrent of Bulgaria, under which the lifting Serge scalp.

"Sir," Serge hesitated when stopped cascade, "I am lying to you All I said is false .. Bulgarians are good. I hate Serbs.

"If not actually a Serb?" I said.

"No," said Serge, nodding frantically (Oriental method of negation).

"I want to go home?" I asked archly.

"Sure, boss," he replied. "Want to go to Chicago."

Boris uttered a guttural blast and Serge went to the horizon, with great rapidity.
