Matthew Wren's crozier was made of silver with the head gilt.  Upon opening Bp. Fox's tomb at Winchester, his staff of oak was found to be perfectly preserved.  An azure and gilded wood staff hangs of Trelawney's tomb in Pelynt Church in Cornwall.  The exquisite staff of the pious and munificent founder of the St. Marie Winton Colleges remains at Oxford, as does that of the Wykehamist Bp.  Fox, founder of Corpus Christi College.
One of the earlist tombs to bear a staff found in the south cloister of St. Peter's Abbey in Westminster.  It belonged to Abbot Vitalis who died in 1082.  The were croziered also as mitred abbots: for example, the superior of the Benedictine abbey at Bourges had the right to the crozier, though not the mitre.  The Abbot of Westminster was both croziered and mitred.  I attempted to write a reply, but have enabled with a note.

Mackenzie Walcott, M.A.

7.  College Street, Westminster

By referring to the article title "Crozier" in the Glossary of Architecture, J.Z.P. will find an answer to his query.
It states that "the crozier of an archbishop is surmounted by a cross; but it os only at t acomparatively late time, about the 12th century, that the archbishop laid aside the pastoral stall, to assume the cross as an appropriate portion of his personal insignia."  Therefore it could be inferred that the real difference between the crozier and the pastoral staff is, that one is surmounted by a cross, while the other is surmounted by "a head curled round something in the manner of a shepherd's crook" just as it was before the 12th century.  The difference is in regards to their use: pastoral staff pertains to the bishops, while the crozier pertains to the archbishops.

R.W. Elliot
Cheltenham, Sept. 15 1850


Parsons, The Staffordshire Giant

(Vol. ii., p. 135)

The quote of Harwood's not in Erdeswick's Staffordshire is incorrect, inasmuch as the writer has confused the biographies of Walter Parsons, porter to King James I, and William Evens, porter to the succeeding king.

The best account of these two "giants" can be found in Fuller:

Walter Parsons, born in Staffordshire county began apprenticed to a smith, but he grew so tall that a hole was dug for him in the ground to make him adequate with his fellow-workmen.  Afterwayds, he became porter to King James; seeing as gates are generally higher than the rest of the building , it seemed logical that the porter should be taller than other persons.
