The uneasiness will not be emerged from emptiness and it is not possible also. It was only within himself.  He was very much inspired about his inner subconscious gruesome things and also about unknown things.  But in fact he is ready to face any king of his inner sub conscious evils at any time. What are they?  Was it evil?   A sleepiness, an intoxication, a voluptuous agony are some of the important evil elements filled in his being. He was no longer master of himself. Through his agonic elements he trying to make stronger than all other beings and with the help of stoicism he wants to be in the same manner. So his whole inner being has become so crushed.  Continuously he had been faced an experience about a sudden consciousness of the vast world, burning heart, wild and immeasurable evil things……….which are all trying to swallow up God at a stretch. 
But due to sudden unexpected change for a moment, the whole balance of his subconscious mind and old life had become destroyed in moment. 
There was only one person in the family named Christopher has become uncared by his family members. Another person also being in the same condition called little Rosa. The reason is they are not looking so beautiful.  Since both of them are so far from their natural beauty and they were admired in beauty of others. He had a calm and cruelty of youth for which a woman does not exist.  If she looks like very ugly and if she has not crossed his youth period which is inspired by tenderness, then there is no need to feel about anything or any sentiments such as grave, peaceful and about half religious mindedness etc., 
Rosa also was not given and impressed by giving any kind of especial gift.  Even though she was not so brilliant and she was completely was not without intelligence, she had been cursed herself with a chattering tongue to Christopher. And he had never taken the trouble to know her.  He was actually thinking that there was nothing to know from her inner being and in the most of period; he was trying to glance her frequently. 
But in some manner, she was having better stuff than all other girls.   She was certainly better than even Minna, whom he had so loved. She was a good girl.  She has no any kind of coquette.  She is not indulged with all vain and until Christopher came.   He had never been occurred to her that she was plain.  He had not been worried about her. He had not been worried her.  He had not been worried about her none of family also.  Whenever her grandfather or her mother told and compelled her to come out of her desired grumble, she will be used to laugh only.  She was not ready to believe the same also.  
She did not believe it.  She has no any kind of special importance regarding this one. As so many other people, just as plain and more, she had been finding some one to love them.  Since the Germans are very mildly not interested in their physical imperfections, they cannot see them.  They are even able to beautify them by virtue of an easy imagination.  So they will find some unexpected qualities in the face of their desire to make them like the most illustrious examples of human beauty. 
Old Euler was not in need of much urging to make him to declare that his granddaughter had the nose of the Juno Ludovisi. Happily he was too irritable to pay compliments always. Even Rosa was also so unconcerned about the shape of her nose.  She had no pride except in the accomplishment with all the ritual of the famous household duties. She had been ready to accept as Gospel about what all that she had been taught. She hardly ever went out and she had very little standard of comparison.  She was admiring her whole family honestly and also she was believing hopefully and truthfully what they said. She was leading her live on an expansive and confiding nature.  Bye the bye, she was easily satisfied and tried to fall in with the mournfulness of her home.  She has become used to repeat the pessimistic ideas which she heard.
