The uneasiness had not arrive from without. It was within himself. He felt waking within his heart monstrous and unknown things, and he dared not rely onto his ideas towards face the evil. The evil? Was it evil? A languor, an intoxication, a voluptuous agony filled  everybody his being. He was  none  longer master of himself. In vain he sought towards strengthen himself with his former stoicism. His  complete being crashed down. He had a sudden consciousness of the vast earth, burning, desolated, a earth immeasurable.... How it swallows up God!

Only for a moment. But the complete balance of his old life was within that moment destroyed.

* * * * *

There was alone one fellow within the relations towards whom Christophe remunerated none attention: this was little Rosa. She was not beautiful: and Christophe, whom was far from pretty himself, was very exacting of beauty within others. He had that composure, cruelty of youth, for which a woman does not exist whether she be ugly,--unless she has traversed the age for stirring tenderness, and there is otherwise none need towards feel for her anything but solemn, tranquil, and quasi-religious sentiments. Rosa also was not distinguished via any especial gift, although she was not without intelligence: and she was cursed with a chattering tongue which drove Christophe from her. And he had never robbed the hassle towards know her, thinking that there was within her nothing towards know; and the most he ever did was towards glance at her.

But she was of better pack than most girls: she was certainly better than Minna, whom he had so loved. She was a nice girl, none coquette, not at everybody vain, and until Christophe arrived it had never befallen towards her that she was plain, or whether it had, it had not unsettled her: for nobody of her relations irritated approximately it. Whenever her grandfather or her mother told her so out of a yearn towards grumble, she alone laughed: she did not suspect it, or she roped none importance towards it; nor did they. So a lot others, just as plain, and many, had located a number of one towards relish them! The Germans are very mildly indulgent towards physical imperfections: they cannot see them: they are even able towards decorate them, via virtue of an easy imagination which finds abrupt qualities within the face of their yearn towards earn them want the most illustrious examples of human beauty. Old Euler would not possess necessary much lobbying towards earn him say that his granddaughter had the nose of the Juno Ludovisi. Happily he was too grumpy towards remunerate compliments: and Rosa, unconcerned approximately the shape of her nose, had none vanity except within the accomplishment, with everybody the ritual, of the known home duties. She had agreed as Gospel everybody that she had been taught. She barely ever went out, and she had very little regular of comparison; she popular her relations naively, and suspected what they said. She was of an expansive and confiding nature, easily proud, and endeavoured towards dip within with the mournfulness of her house, and docilely consumed towards repeat the pessimistic suggestions which she heard.
