Names.
The recollection of his childhood unexpectedly developed dim. He attempted to call ahead some of its vivid times but could not. He recalled only names. Dante, Parnell, Clane, Clongowes. A little male offspring had been lectured geography by an aged woman who kept two brushing inventions in her wardrobe. Then he had been conveyed away from household to a educational school, he had made his first communion and devoured small jim out of his cricket covering and monitored the firelight leaping and joining a dance on the divider of a little bedroom in the infirmary and dreamed of being dead, of mass being said for him by the rector in a pitch black and gold make perform, of being placed in a dangerous then in the little graveyard of the community off the principle avenue of limes. But he had not deceased then. Parnell had died. There had been no mass for the dead in the chapel and no procession. He had not deceased but he had faded out like a picture in the sun. He had been lost or had walked out of alive for he no longer existed. How bizarre to consider of him temporary out of alive in such a way, not by death but by fading out in the sun or by being lost and lost somewhere in the universe! It was bizarre to observe his tiny body show over for a moment: a little male offspring in a grey belted suit. His hands were in his side-pockets and his trousers were tucked in at the knees by elastic bands
On the  after dark  of the day on which the property was  traded  Stephen  pursued  his  male parent  meekly  come  seal   the city from bar to bar. To the sellers in the market, to the barmen and barmaids, to the beggars  any person  who   importuned him for a lob Mr Dedalus  conveyed  the same tale--that he was an old Corkonian, that he had been  endeavouring  for thirty years to  dispose  his Cork accent  higher  in Dublin and that Peter Pickackafax  near  him was his eldest son but that he was  simply  a Dublin jackeen.
        They had set out early in the morning from Newcombe's coffee-house, where Mr Dedalus's cup had rattled noisily against its saucer, and Stephen had  attempted  to  wrap  that  immoral   clue  of his father's drinking bout of the  evening   ago   via   shifting  his  seat  and coughing. One humiliation had succeeded another--the  bogus  smiles of the market sellers, the curvetings and oglings of the barmaids with whom his  dad  flirted, the compliments and  promoting  words of his father's friends. They had  confided  him that he had a great  appearance  of his grandfather and Mr Dedalus had  matched  that he was an ugly likeness. They had unearthed traces of a Cork accent in his speech and  prepared  him admit that the Lee was a much finer river than the Liffey. One of them, in  command  to  placed  his Latin to the proof, had  prepared  him translate  brief   channels  from Dilectus and  appealed  him whether it was  proper  to say: TEMPORA MUTANTUR NOS ET MUTAMUR IN ILLIS or TEMPORA MUTANTUR ET NOS MUTAMUR IN ILLIS. Another, a brisk old man, whom Mr Dedalus  paged  Johnny Cashman, had  draped  him with confusion  via  asking him to say which were prettier, the Dublin girls or the Cork girls. 
      --He's not that way  assembled,  said Mr Dedalus. Leave him alone.
