He can escape punishment here. He may even win some sort of reputation as someone who can always win the attention of women, but only receive the greatest punishment of the judge and avenger of all. One word more before the end of these remarks, what I liked left out of these roles, but the truth requires of them.

Some men seem to think that sin and the responsibility is very slight if it is committed with a woman who trades in his sin. It is certainly not as cowardly as the ruin of a woman pure and innocent, but who can say that you may not have met that woman in the turning point in his life, but by the time she might have been sorry? and at least you have added to the weight of his sin. Once that had been pure, only God knows his history but the many who have taken advantage of their misery and helped her to chain her life of sin will be held blameless for Him? Great, afraid their fault, but only God knows how long you can be free. Far greater is their fault that their selfish enjoyment, feel free to dive deeper into the ruin of a soul for whom Christ died. If men treated with honor to all women - all, not just relatives and friends - not those who earn their livelihood by sin. This state of affairs may be futile to expect, while the cowards among men, but not too much to expect of honest men and Christians should treat all women with such respect, that as far as their capabilities, the stigma of stinginess and cowardice should not rest on men of this land. Treat them with respect, not only in dealing with them, but in his conversation about them, and their thoughts about them.

But turn to a more pleasant subject, the procession of honor as a man and maiden. Certain things must be taken into account in making their choice. First, the object of their choice should be the one whom you can love fully and completely trust. Second, it must be one that feels it would be helpful in life. Thirdly, she must be of the same religion as yourself (otherwise, after the difficulties in life insurance schemes) and a woman really religious. And fourth, that she must not only, or even necessarily, a bright and beautiful companion, but it must have qualities necessary for a good wife and mother - one that can manage a household, as well as help to pass a pleasant hour or so .

Their courtship should be completely open and above the table. The parental consent must be obtained first, and remember that you are obliged to respect their wishes. Beware also that never in any way compromised by his conduct. Say no more, because I assumed from the outset that their courtship is honorable, I love you the girl of your choice, and as you would with your shield of all injuries of others, so she will be safe under his protection.
