He may escape punishment
here.  He may even gain a sort of reputation as one who can always gain the attention of women,
but he will only receive the greater punishment from the judge and avenger of all.  One word
more before I close these remarks, which I would have gladly omitted from these papers, but
truth demands them.

Some men seem to think that the sin and responsibility is very slight if it be committed with
a woman who trades upon her sin.  Undoubtedly it is not so cowardly as the ruin of a pure and
innocent woman, but who can tell that you may not have met with that woman at the turning point
in her life, when but for you she might have repented? and at the very least you have added
to the weight of her sin.  Once she had been pure, God alone knows her history, but who of
the many who have taken advantage of her misery and helped to chain her to her life of sin
will be held guiltless by Him?  Great, fearful is her guilt, but God alone knows how she may
long to be free.  Far greater is their guilt who for their own selfish enjoyment do not hesitate
to plunge deeper into ruin a soul for whom Christ died.  If men treated all women honourably--all,
not simply their relations and friends,--there would not be those who make their living by
sin.  Such a state of things it may be hopeless to expect, so long as cowards are to be found
amongst men, but it is not too much to expect from honourable men and Christians that they
should treat all women with such respect, that, as far as lies in their power, the stigma of
meanness and cowardice should not rest upon the men of this land. Treat them with respect,
not only in your intercourse with them, but in your conversation about them, and your thoughts
concerning them.

But to turn to a pleasanter subject, the honourable courtship of man and maiden.  Certain things
should be taken into consideration in making your choice.  First, that the object of your choice
should be one whom you can thoroughly love and entirely trust.  Secondly, that she should be
one whom you feel would be a real help in life.  Thirdly, that she should be of the same religion
as yourself (otherwise difficulties in after life are sure to arise) and a really religious
woman.  And Fourthly, that she should be not merely, or even necessarily, a bright and pretty
companion, but should have such qualities as are necessary for a good wife and mother--one
who can manage a home as well as help to pass an hour or so pleasantly.

Your courtship should be thoroughly open and above-board.  The parents consent should first
be obtained, and remember that you are bound to respect their wishes.  Be careful also that
she shall never in any way be compromised by your conduct.  I say no more because I have assumed
at the beginning that your courtship is honourable, that you love the girl of your choice,
and that as you would shield her from all injury from others, so she will be safe under your
protection.
