The plainness
of the nave, in comparison with the ornate character of the exterior, is very remarkable, but
this plainness detracts nothing from the impressiveness of its long arcades, its towering roof,
the noble lines which rise from the ground and support, as it were, on slender sinews of stone,
the shadowy ceiling. The rose-windows, four in number, are filled with glass of the thirteenth
century, and the tall windows of the chevet and clerestory contain a many colored mosaic of
a similar sort. I was particularly struck with the rose-window over the western portal. It
represents the Beautiful Vision; the Eternal Father is throned in the central ring of the window,
and in the radiating panes is the Hierarchy of Paradise, angels and archangels and all the
company of Heaven, while in a wider circumference are grouped the redeemed, contemplating in
adoration the majesty of God.

I noticed two very interesting tombs in Rheims cathedral. The first was the sarcophagus of
Jovinus, the Christian prefect of Rheims, in the fourth century, who protected the church and
was originally buried in the Abbey of St. Nicaise, from whence his tomb was brought to the
cathedral. It consists of a single block of snowy marble, nine feet long, and four feet high,
on which the consular general is represented in a spirited bas- relief mounted on horseback
and saving the life of a man from the lion, in whose flank Jovinus has launched his spear.
Very fine indeed is the workmanship of this monument. The figures which surround Jovinus are
men of handsome countenance, evidently portraits, their dress and arms being finished with
the utmost nicety of detail. The figures are about half life-size.

The other tomb is that of St. Remigius, a Renaissance work erected by Cardinal Delenoncourt
in 1533. It is sumptuous and gaudy rather than beautiful. Twelve statues, full life-size, represent
the twelve peers of France, six are the prelates of Rheims, Laon, Langres, Beauvais, Chalons,
and Noyon; the six lay peers are the dukes of Burgundy, Normandy and Aquitaine, and the counts
of Flanders, Champagne, and Toulouse. The white marble of these somewhat stagey figures is
beautifully worked and the effect is imposing.

The western wall of the interior is faced with niches, in which the statues seem to emerge
from a cloud of gloom. At one time tombs of the most magnificent sort crowded the aisles, enshrining
the relics of saints and bishops, but during the raging of the Terror the Revolutionists violated
these tombs, seizing their treasures, breaking down with ax and hammer their carvings. But,
after all, the church of Notre Dame of Rheims does not seem to have suffered very much loss
from the clearing away of these obstructions to the vista of her arcades, which now depend
for their solemn beauty upon the simplicity and dignity of their lines and proportions, the
effect of their windows, and the religious gloom which lingers in their lofty recesses.
