In the simplicity of the temple, in comparison with the ornate character of the exterior is very impressive, but this simplicity does not affect anything impressiveness long arcades, very high roof, precious lines that rise from the ground and support, as are thin veins of stone, the shadowy ceiling. Rose-windows, four in number, are filled with a glass of the thirteenth century, and high windows and clerestory chevet contains many colored mosaic of a similar nature. I was particularly struck with a rose window above the western portal. It is an old vision, the Eternal Father is throned in the central ring of the window and glass is broadcasting hierarchy of Paradise, angels and archangels and all the companies of Heaven, a wider tour of redemption are grouped, planned in adoration of the greatness God.

I noticed two very interesting tombs in Reims cathedral. The first is the sarcophagus of Jovinus, Christian prefect of Rheims, in the fourth century, which protects the church and was originally buried in the abbey of St. Nicaise, where his tomb was brought to the cathedral. It consists of a block of snowy marble, nine feet and four feet high, which consular general is presented in a spirit bas-relief mounted on horse and saving the life of a man than a lion, whose flank Jovinus launched his spear. Very good indeed construction of the monument. Figures that surround Jovinus men are handsome face, clear portraits, their clothes and weapons are ready with the greatest accuracy to detail. The figures are about half life size.

The other is the tomb of St. Remigius, Renaissance work erected by Cardinal Delenoncourt in 1533. It is abundant and brighter than beautiful. Twelve statues, complete with life-size, a twelve peers of France, six were prelates of Reims, Laon, Langres, Beauvais, Chalons, and Noyon; six peers are the chiefs of Burgundy, Normandy and Aquitaine, and the number of Flanders, Champagne and Toulouse. The white marble of these figures is less stagey and beautifully crafted effect is impressive.

The western wall of the Interior is facing niches in which statues seem to emerge from a cloud of gloom. At one time tombs of the most remarkable sort crowded aisles, enshrining the relics of saints and bishops, but during the raging of the terror of those revolutionaries violated tombs, seizing their resources to be allocated with an ax and hammer their carvings. However, in the end, the church of Notre Dame Reims seems to have suffered much loss of clearing away these obstacles view thereof arcades, now depends on the solemn beauty of simplicity and dignity of its lines and proportions, the effect of windows, and of religious darkness, which is retained in its noble session.
