So immense was the ringing of artillery, and such the shouting’s and the shrieks that the clamor seemed to mount to the skies. The king of Mien, acting as a fearless chief, was at hand wherever the greatest threat appeared, animating his soldiers, and beseeching them to uphold their position with decree. He structured fresh squadrons from the reserve to move forward to the support of those that were worn out; but perceiving at length that it was unfeasible any longer to continue the clash or to endure the impulsiveness of the Tartars, the superior part of his troops being either killed or injured, and all the countryside covered with the carcasses of men and horses, whilst those who survived were beginning to give way, he also found himself obligated  to flight with the ruins of his army, numbers of whom were later slain in the quest.
The Tartars having composed their force after the massacre of the adversary, returned towards the wood into which the elephants had fled for sanctuary, in order to take control of them, where they discovered that the men who had runaway from the defeat were engaged in cutting down trees and blocking the passages, with the intention of protecting themselves. But their fortifications were soon destroyed by the Tartars, who slew many of them, and with the backing of the people habituated to the administration of the elephants, they overcome over two hundred or more. From the era of this battle the impressive khan has always preferred to make use of elephants in his armies, which before that time he had not done. The penalty of the triumph was, that he acquired ownership of the whole of the territories of the king of Bangala and Mien, and annexed them to his dominion. [Footnote: "The Travels of Marco Polo the Venetian." Everyman's Library. J.M. Dent & Sons, Ltd., London; pp. 253-256.] 
CHAPTER XXVII 
TRAVELING TOWARD THE TROPICS 
We left Yung-chang with no regret on Monday, January 28. Our stay there would have been remarkably pleasurable under normal circumstances but it was unfeasible not to abrade at the impediment occasioned by the convoy. Traveling southward for two days over bare brown mountain-sides, their tedium unmitigated except by groves of planted pine and fir trees, we descended hastily into the enormous subtropical valley at Shih-tien. 
Mile after mile this fertile plain stretches away in a progression of rice paddy’s and fields of sugar cane interspersed with patches of refined bamboo, their summits sagging like mammoth clusters of ostrich feathers ; the air is tepid and aromatic and the change from the adjoining hills is charming. However, we were disillusioned in the shelling , although it appeared to be an ultimate situate for ducks and other water birds, we killed only five teal, and the vast ponds were more or less devoid of bird life.
