So great also was the clangor of
    arms, and such the shoutings and the shrieks, that the noise seemed to
    ascend to the skies. The king of Mien, acting as became a valiant
    chief, was present wherever the greatest danger appeared, animating his
    soldiers, and beseeching them to maintain their ground with resolution.
    He ordered fresh squadrons from the reserve to advance to the support
    of those that were exhausted; but perceiving at length that it was
    impossible any longer to sustain the conflict or to withstand the
    impetuosity of the Tartars, the greater part of his troops being either
    killed or wounded, and all the field covered with the carcasses of men
    and horses, whilst those who survived were beginning to give way, he
    also found himself compelled to take to flight with the wreck of his
    army, numbers of whom were afterwards slain in the pursuit....

    The Tartars having collected their force after the slaughter of the
    enemy, returned towards the wood into which the elephants had fled for
    shelter, in order to take possession of them, where they found that the
    men who had escaped from the overthrow were employed in cutting down
    trees and barricading the passages, with the intent of defending
    themselves. But their ramparts were soon demolished by the Tartars, who
    slew many of them, and with the assistance of the persons accustomed to
    the management of the elephants, they possessed themselves of these to
    the number of two hundred or more. From the period of this battle the
    grand khan has always chosen to employ elephants in his armies, which
    before that time he had not done. The consequences of the victory were,
    that he acquired possession of the whole of the territories of the king
    of Bangala and Mien, and annexed them to his dominions. [Footnote: "The
    Travels of Marco Polo the Venetian." Everyman's Library. J.M. Dent &
    Sons, Ltd., London; pp. 253-256.]

CHAPTER XXVII

TRAVELING TOWARD THE TROPICS

We left Yung-chang with no regret on Monday, January 28. Our stay there would have been exceedingly
pleasant under ordinary conditions but it was impossible not to chafe at the delay occasioned
by the caravan. Traveling southward for two days over bare brown mountain-sides, their monotony
unrelieved except by groves of planted pine and fir trees, we descended abruptly into the great
subtropical valley at Shih-tien.

Mile after mile this fertile plain stretches away in a succession of rice paddys and fields
of sugar cane interspersed with patches of graceful bamboo, their summits drooping like enormous
clusters of ostrich plumes; the air is warm and fragrant and the change from the surrounding
hills is delightful. However, we were disappointed in the shooting for, although it appeared
to be an ideal place for ducks and other water birds, we killed only five teal, and the great
ponds were almost devoid of bird life.
