Some time ago, the council decided to buy the house and premises, in order to preserve the pavement in situ, and to give additional light and better access to it, and this purchase has been completed in the beginning of this years, improvement work began. We have seen now that the pavement was continued under the premise of the next house, and in public, and arrangements were made at a time to discover and annex those parts adjacent, to allow all to be seen in point of view. The surface thus exposed forms a flat, if complete, would measure 23 square meters, but lacks a part in the west, and southern border of any wrongdoing. It is a marvel of constructive skill, variety and beauty of form and color, not the least part of the wonder comes from the most wretched elements, of which the designer has produced its effects truly harmonious. N squared, artificially colored, or glass tiles, as we see in a modern plant, used, but little pieces, but intentionally irregular shaped brick and stone. There are three shades of brick - a bright red, dark red and India, and a shadow between the two, slate from a quarry nearby gives a dark blue-gray color, a benefit oolite supplies warmer, and a similar composition to the fine white limestone used for focal points and borders. In addition, the outer edge is formed with somewhat larger tiles of limestone sage green. Generally speaking, the design consists of nine figures octagon, three by three, surrounded and divided by a band of guilloche cord, the interstices of octagons are occupied by four small square patterns, and outdoor spaces for 12 triangles octagon . Beyond these is a border formed by a band of cable, a second alternative band heart-shaped, pear-shaped, and bell-shaped flowers, and alternating white and gray bands, and out of all the border of limestone already described. This boundary is constructed with tiles of about five-eighths of an inch square. The remaining tiles vary from half to a quarter inch of irregular lozenge shape. The construction of the sidewalk is remarkable. There is a strong concrete foundation below, on a bed she is crushed brick and lime three to four inches thick, and on this a thin layer of white cement, in which the tiles are placed with their toughest sides down. liquid cement appears to have been spilled on the floor, filling the interstices, after which the surface is rubbed down and polished.

As to the probable date and land cover, we can see that the site of this surface was near the western city center of Rome. It is near the Wall of the Jews, that is, near the military station and strength. It was clear that the main house on the site, and clearly, therefore, the residence of the prefect, the local representative of the imperial power of Rome.
