20 January 1785: - "Our post new regulation specifically prove an advantage in this city, in which letters can be sent here tonight and responded to the London morning mail, which allows business to remain here longer. "

On 22 February 1785, City Council minutes contain the following: - "Mr. more familiar members present that the residents of this city, as well as other places, with great benefits plan adopted by Mr. Palmer recently to improve job was the chance to hold together to consider measures such as may be considered appropriate for the continuation and expansion plan said .... It was decided that a memorial be sent to the right Hon. Wm Pitt. representing large benefits from the plan, which calls for a continuation of the same, with the same expansion plan in other parts of the kingdom. "

17.02.1785: - "At a meeting of the Society of Bristol Merchants' on last Saturday, a vote of thanks was passed to Mr. John Palmer for his plan benefits from the post. "

24.02.1785: - "Monuments seem right to Hon Wm Pitt Palmer plan to continue and expand the merchants, craftsmen, merchants in the city of Bristol, Bristol City Common Council, Mayor, Burgesses common .. and the city of Bristol, Mayor, city councilors and Aldermen of Bristol Common. "

On 24 March 1785, appeared the following letter: - "London, 16-02-1785 Sir. - With both we are committed to the House of Commons committees, I was able to present our paper submitted compliance plan Mr Palmer Mr Pitt to Mr Pitt these days. we wanted to acquaint the mayor and corporation that he feels very happy to have witnessed such an accommodation in the city of Bath as he always hoped that the plan would allow, and where he is confirmed by how the Corporation has been expressed about it. Measures are taken to enforce them through other parts of the kingdom, and the plan will be adopted in a few days to Norfolk and Suffolk Road.

A. MOYSEY and J. J. Pratt.

"To Philip George, Esq, Deputy Registrar Town .."

05.12.1785: - "Bath Post Office. A new extension of the plan by Mr. Palmer for safer and faster transportation of mail held on Monday, nine Inst., When letters cross posts from Frome, Warminster, Haytesbury, Salisbury, Romsey, Southampton, Portsmouth, Gosport, Chichester, and delivery, together with Isle of Wight, Jersey and Guernsey, Hampshire and Dorsetshire all parties will be sent to this office, at 17, and every day, Sundays except letters of places above. will come here every morning, Monday excepted:

"NB - All letters must be put into service until 17"
