
January 20, 1785:--"The new regulation of our post turns out a peculiar advantage to this city,
in that letters can be sent from here in the evening and answered in London next morning's
mails, which enables business people to stay here longer."

On February 22, 1785, the Town Council minutes contain the following:--"Mr. May acquainted
the members present that the inhabitants of this city, as well as those of other places, having
derived great benefit from Mr. Palmer's plan lately adopted for the improvement of the post,
was the occasion of his calling them together to consider such measures as might be thought
proper for continuance and extension of the said plan.... It was resolved that a memorial be
sent to the Right Hon. Wm. Pitt, representing the great benefits received from the plan, and
requesting a continuance of the same, together with the extension of the same plan to other
parts of the kingdom."

February 17, 1785:--"At a meeting of the Bristol Merchants' Society on Saturday last, a vote
of thanks was passed to Mr. John Palmer for the advantages received from his postal plan."

February 24, 1785:--"Memorials appear to the Right Hon. Wm. Pitt for the continuance and extension
of Palmer's plan from the merchants, tradesmen, shopkeepers in the city of Bristol, Common
Council of the city of Bristol, Mayor, Burgesses and Commonality of the city of Bristol, Mayor,
Aldermen and Common Councilmen of the city of Bristol."

On March 24, 1785, appeared the following letter:--"London, February 16, 1785. Sir,--Having
both of us been engaged upon Committees of the House of Commons, we have been unable to present
the paper you transmitted to us respecting Mr. Palmer's plan to Mr. Pitt till within these
few days. Mr. Pitt has desired us to acquaint Mr. Mayor and the Corporation that he feels himself
very happy to have assisted in giving such an accommodation to the city of Bath as he always
hoped that plan would afford, and in which he is confirmed by the manner in which the Corporation
have expressed themselves concerning it. Measures are being taken to carry it into execution
through other parts of the kingdom, and the plan will be adopted in a few days upon the Norfolk
and Suffolk roads.

    "A. MOYSEY AND J.J. PRATT.

"To Philip Georges, Esq., Deputy Town Clerk."

May 12, 1785:--"Bath Post Office. A further extension of Mr. Palmer's plan for the more safe
and expeditious conveyance of the mails took place on Monday, the 9th inst., when the letters
on the cross posts from Frome, Warminster, Haytesbury, Salisbury, Romsey, Southampton, Portsmouth,
Gosport, Chichester, and their delivery, together with the Isle of Wight, Jersey and Guernsey,
all parts of Hampshire and Dorsetshire, will be forwarded from this office at five o'clock
p.m., and every day except Sundays. Letters from the above places will arrive here every morning,
Mondays excepted:

"N.B.--All letters must be put in the office before five o'clock p.m."
