January 20, 1785: - "The new regulation of our e demonstrates a unique advantage of this people, that letters can be sent from here this evening in London and said the next morning's post, enabling business people to stay here longer. "

February 22, 1785, containing the records of the City Council as follows: - "Mr. May informed members present that the inhabitants of this city, as elsewhere, benefited from the plan of Mr. Palmer latter taken to improve the post, was the occasion of his calling them together to examine what is supposed to be right for the continuation and expansion of this plan .... It was decided that a memorial sent to the right Hon. Wm. Pitt represents great benefits received from the plan and requested the continuation of the same, together with the extension of the same system to other parts of the kingdom. "

February 17, 1785: - "At a meeting in Bristol Merchants Society last Saturday was one more thank Mr. John Palmer for the benefits received from their level of post.

February 24, 1785: - "the monuments of the right Hon. Wm. Pitt to continue and expand Palmer's plan of traders, artisans, merchants of the city of Bristol, Common Council of the City of Bristol, Mayor , bourgeois and uniformity in the city of Bristol, the mayor, aldermen and common councilmen in the city of Bristol. "

March 24, 1785, appeared the following letter: - "London, 16 February 1785. Sir, - Having both of us work through the committee of the House of Commons, we have not been able to present the document that sent the master plan to respect us. Palmer of Mr. Pitt, even in these days. Pitt has wanted to put the Mayor and the Corporation that he is very pleased to have assisted in the provision of such accommodation to the city of Bath, which Always hoped the plan would give, and when it is confirmed by how the Corporation has been expressed about it. Efforts have been made for application running through other parts of the Empire, and the plan is approved in a few days in Norfolk and Suffolk waterways.

"A. MOYSEY AND J. J. PRATT.

"For George Philip, Esq., Deputy City Clerk."

May 12, 1785 - "Bad Post Office. An extension of the plan of Mr. Palmer for the safe and speedy transportation of the mails occurred on Monday, September ds., When the letters across the package of Frome, Warminster, Haytesbury , Salisbury, Romsey, Southampton, Portsmouth, Gosport, Chichester, and their delivery systems, along with the Isle of Wight, Jersey and Guernsey, all parts of Hampshire and Dorset Shire will be sent from this office at 5:00, and all day except Sunday. Letters aforementioned locations will arrive here every morning except Monday:

"NB: - All letters must be in the office before 5:00"
