But she is having very sweet nature.  When she requested sorry, again she made a cake by herself.  We all love her beauty and she is looking like a queen.   She is in a convenient position to do what she wants to do according to her own thinking.   
Dona Ester has her own beautiful brown eyes and they are soft in nature for looking.  Their inborn nature is very kind and mild to feel.  But she also has some kind of firm or assurance on her nature.  She is willing to behave on her own in all the time than Dona Beatriz. She is not at all so tall and she is average in her height.  She is looking very graceful also.  But she will be thinking herself as tall and she will be walking always as tall personality walks.  Was she honored by all the Spanish?  In fact no is the answer.  She is showing great kindness to the Indians and when they are seeking her she is very kind to them. Indians also love her faithfully.  But that will not be equivalent and so much like Dona Beatriz.  
Actually both girls are very industrious in nature and they are well capable to sewing, making beautiful embroidery works and also they are very clever in making elegant closes to wear at the ball. Yes they have very beautiful balls and no one is equally having in California as they have. Sometimes they will be spending their days just one fifty miles away from California.  During such days, they will be living with no care and will be jumping on the horse and going for dance till the dawn.  They will not feel tiredness at all. Even if there is any wedding or rodeo or dance, for more than a week, they will be far away from their own residence without care. 
In the winter, when their family is living in San Diego; they were having a big house there.  In their house, when there is no rain, they will daily dancing all over the night especially by sitting on horse back.  Also they will be having so many horse races and playing so many games.   Ay, yes! All the girls are looking so pretty. They will not be wearing any hats, the ribose or something else or the mantilla; their dresses will be always so bright and graceful in appearance. They will wear very bright colorful dresses. Sometimes they will be highly decorated with fresh flowers in an entire manner. Their skits will be very fuel and the waist will have the point.  They will be wearing de men’s closes and Madre de Dios.  They will be made by very beautiful velvet cloth and they are silky closes. They will be decorated with embroidery work in silver and gold color threads.   Their saddles will look so fine.  These are actually fact and I am not telling you the story.  I am telling all facts what I looked in direct. 
One summer we are so many gays gathered together   than ever. So many caballeros love my senioritis.  But I thought that they never love any one, and never go to marry at all. For a month when we have the house fule; meriendas--peek-neeks, you call, no? And races every day, dance in the night. Then all went to stay at another rancho.  It is costumbre and a place to visit the one to the other. I feel very sorry for two.  They are very handsome caballeros, who are more devoted with each other.  But due to some reason, they are looking very sad when they go.  I am sure they proposed each other and no one was accepted for the same. . 
One day in the evening it is very quiet and I am sweeping the corridor and I heard the voice of two horses galloping down the valley. I fixed my hand--so--like the barrel de gun and looked.  When I am looking the riding has become very hard. Don Carmelo Pelajo and Don Rafael Arguello are riding their horses. The first one loves Doña Beatriz, the other, he want Doña Ester. I went quickly and told Beatriz and some other girls.  Beatriz tossed her head and looked very scornfully.  But, Ester was blushing and the eyes have become so happy. Some young men came in few minutes and are well treated by Don Carlos and Doña Juana.  , they liked these things and them very much and are glad.  So the girls got married with them. 
"After supper, I have turned down the bed in my señora's room.  When I heard somebody is talking and there voice is very low in sound on the corridor. I kneeled down on the window-seat and looked out.  There I saw Don Rafael have his arms on Doña Ester and kissing her.  She was also co-operating him without any kind of hesitation.  I wondered how they get out there by themselves.  For the Spanish very street with the girls and no 'low that.
