
"NOTES ON MARSH MIASM (LIMNOPHYSALIS HYALINA). BY ABR. FREDRIK EKLUND, M.D., STOCKHOLM, SWEDEN,
PHYSICIAN OF THE FIRST CLASS IN THE SWEDISH ROYAL NAVY.

[Footnote: Translated from the Archives de la Medecine Navale, vol. xxx., no. 7, July, 1878,
by A. Sibley Campbell, M.D., Augusta, Ga.]

Before giving a succinct account of the discovery of paludal miasma and of its natural history,
I ought in the first place to state that I have not had the opportunity of reading or studying
the great original treatise of Professor Salisbury. I am acquainted with it only through a
resume published in the American Journal of the Medical Sciences for the year 1866, new series,
vol. li. p. 51. At the beginning of my investigations I was engaged in a microscopic examination
of the water and mud of swampy shores and of the marshes, also with a comparison of their microphytes
with those which might exist in the urine of patients affected with intermittent fevers. Nearly
three months passed without my being able to find the least agreement, the least connection.
Having lost nearly all hope of being able to attain the end which I had proposed, I took some
of the slime from the marshes and from the masses of kelp and Confervae from the sea shores,
where intermittent fevers are endemic, and placed them in saucers under the ordinary glass
desiccators exposed on a balcony, open for twenty-four hours, the most of the time under the
action of the burning rays of the sun. With the evaporated water deposited within the desiccators,
I proceeded to an examination, drop by drop. I at length found that which I had sought so long,
but always in vain.

The parasite of intermittent fever, which I have termed Limnophysalis hyalina, and which has
been observed before me by Drs. J. Lemaire and Gratiolet (Comptes Rendus Hebdomadaires de l'Academie
des Sciences, Paris, 1867, pp. 317 and 318) and B. Cauvet (Archives de Medecine Navale, November,
1876), is a fungus which is developed directly from the mycelium, each individual of which
possesses one or several filaments, which are simple or dichotomous, with double outlines,
extremely fine, plainly marked, hyaline, and pointed. Under favorable conditions, that is,
with moisture, heat, and the presence of vegetable matter in decomposition, the filaments of
mycelium increase in length. From these long filaments springs the fungus. The sporangia, or
more exactly the conidia, are composed of unilocular vesicles, perfectly colorless and transparent,
which generally rise from one or both sides of the filaments of the mycelium, beginning as
from little buds or eyes; very often several (two to three) sporangia occur placed one upon
the other, at least on one side of the mycelium.

With a linear magnitude of 480, the sporangia have a transverse diameter of one to five millimeters,
or a little more in the larger specimens. The filaments of mycelium, under the same magnitude,
appear exceedingly thin and finer than a hair.
