
       *       *       *       *       *

Herodias?

    "Any lady requiring Head of two Parlourmaids or Under
    Parlourmaid, we know of several."--Morning Paper.

       *       *       *       *       *

    "Bombardier G. Dougherty, R.A.M.C. ... has been given the D.C.M.
    ... for twice repairing telephone wires under a terrific storm
    of fire."--Morning Paper.

Conscientious objectors will note the new rank and duty of R.A.M.C. men.

       *       *       *       *       *

    "Two large jewel robberies in London, in which property to the
    value of several thousands of pounds has been stolen, are being
    invested by the police."--Morning Paper.

In Exchequer Bonds, no doubt. But we hope they have reserved a few pairs of bracelets for the
thieves when they catch them.

       *       *       *       *       *

MR. JOHN'S PORTRAIT OF MR. GEORGE.

The generally favourable opinion of MR. AUGUSTUS JOHN'S striking portrait of MR. LLOYD GEORGE
is not shared by everybody. The following criticism of the picture has reached us, and as it
represents a point of view which, so far as we know, has not found sympathy in the Press opinions
which have already appeared, we print it for the edification of the artist, the sitter and
any others who may have a few moments to devote to the subject.

I should like to say (writes our correspondent) on behalf of myself and of many worthy members
of my congregation that MR. AUGUSTUS JOHN has missed a great opportunity in painting his portrait
of our greatest Welshman.

In the first place, surely it lacks dignity. In it Mr. LLOYD GEORGE, who is pre-eminently a
man capable of looking you straight in the eye, is depicted as looking someone else obliquely
in the eye. I would that his strong features had been accompanied by a direct and thoughtful
gaze, instead of that petulant side-glance, which to all of us who know the smiling candour
of the MINISTER OF MUNITIONS is so foreign an expression.

I cannot speak with authority about the sitter's raiment. At the same time I must register
my dislike of these clothes, which appear to have the mud of the golf-links still fresh upon
them. Surely the artist should have persuaded Mr. LLOYD GEORGE to wear his black coat and vest
for the occasion.

Hanging from a cord is something in the nature of an aid to vision. I cannot determine whether
it is a pince-nez or a monocle. The uncertainty is irritating. Is it possible that the MINISTER
has taken to wearing a single eye-glass? If so, why has not the artist put it in the sitter's
eye? And as to the hair--Heaven forbid that I should cast any reflection upon any man of Mr.
LLOYD GEORGE's age possessing abundant locks; on the contrary, I congratulate him; but in all
my experience I have never yet known a portrait to be taken without the sitter being requested
first of all to brush his hair. Why has Mr. AUGUSTUS JOHN flown in the face of all precedent
by neglecting this simple yet desirable precaution?
