At distance she said,--
"Brother George, I commence to sense a little apprehensive about Willie. He was advised not to depart out of spectacle, and he is broadly chatting a good male offspring to mind; but I should consider it was more than 10 minutes since I have observed him. I hope you would try the spy-glass."

The man sprung, and, after looking overseas for a time, took a tiny telescope from the corner of the piazza, and turned it in the main purpose the male offspring had taken.

"Ah, now I observe the little rogue!" he exclaimed. "I consider it ought have been that offshore island of high green grass that hid him from you. He has not gone very far; and now he is drawing close this way. But who upon world is he primary along? I trust the adventurous little chap has been to the land of Nod to get him a wife. I recognise of no little young woman, except my Bessie, for five miles round; and it surely is not she. The fat little thing has toppled over in the green grass, and Willie is picking her up. I trust in my soul she's an Indian."

"An Indian!" shouted the mother, commencing up suddenly. "Have you discovered of any Indians being observed hereabouts? Do hard bang the hooter to speed him home."

A tin hooter was taken from the tack on which it suspended, and a high size discharges blended the hushed air. Moles finished their delving, squirrels suspended in their gambols, prairie-dogs passed promptly from one to another a indicator of warning, and all the little beasts be surprised what could be the implication of these new clatter which had of late invaded the quietness of their haunts.

George looked at the apprehensive countenance of his sister, and said,--

"Don't be horrified, Jenny, if some Indians do eventuate to call and observe us. You recognise you perpetually accepted with me that they would be as good as Christians, if they were treated rightly and kindly. Besides, you observe this one is a very tiny savage, and we will before long have help adequate to vindicate us from her formidable blows. I made a louder racket with the hooter than I need to have done; it has startled your father, and he is drawing close from his plough; and there is my wife and Bessie running to observe what is the subject over here."

By this time the truant male offspring and his companion drew close to the home, and he got on the steps of the piazza with enthusiastic haste, hauling her after him, straight away upon the attainment of his male parent, Aunt Mary, and Cousin Bessie. Brief elucidation was made, that the hooter was blown to speed Willie home; and all exclaimed,--

"Why, Willie! who is this?"

"Found her sitting on heels on the green grass, hauling flowers," he responded, virtually out of breath. "Don't recognise her name. She chats lingo."

The total financial gathering laughed. The new-comer was a roly-poly, around adequate to roll, with reddish-brown face, and a mop of pitch black hair, slice in a unbent line just atop the eyes. But such eyes! large and lambent, with a foreshadowing of gloom in their expression. They gleamed in her dark face like moonlit waters in the dusky scenery of evening. Her only garment was a short kirtle of plaited green grass, not long adequate to obscure her chubby knees.
