And true
it is, that he could repose me in that nasty, stinking hole, the Canongate Tolbooth, from which
your mother drew me out--the Lord reward her for it!--or to that cold, unbieldy, marine place
of the Bass Rock, which, with my delicate kist, would be fair ruin to me.  But I will be valiant
in my Master's service.  I have a duty here:  a duty to my God, to myself, and to Haddo:  in
His strength, I will perform it.'

Then he straitly discharged Francie to repeat the tale, and bade him in the future to avert
his very eyes from the doings of the curate.  'You must go to his place of idolatry; look upon
him there!' says he, 'but nowhere else.  Avert your eyes, close your ears, pass him by like
a three days' corp.  He is like that damnable monster Basiliscus, which defiles--yea, poisons!--by
the sight.'--All which was hardly claratory to the boy's mind.

Presently Montroymont came home, and called up the stairs to Francie.  Traquair was a good
shot and swordsman:  and it was his pleasure to walk with his son over the braes of the moorfowl,
or to teach him arms in the back court, when they made a mighty comely pair, the child being
so lean, and light, and active, and the laird himself a man of a manly, pretty stature, his
hair (the periwig being laid aside) showing already white with many anxieties, and his face
of an even, flaccid red.  But this day Francie's heart was not in the fencing.

'Sir,' says he, suddenly lowering his point, 'will ye tell me a thing if I was to ask it?'

'Ask away,' says the father.

'Well, it's this,' said Francie:  'Why do you and me comply if it's so wicked?'

'Ay, ye have the cant of it too!' cries Montroymont.  'But I'll tell ye for all that.  It's
to try and see if we can keep the rigging on this house, Francie.  If she had her way, we would
be beggar-folk, and hold our hands out by the wayside.  When ye hear her--when ye hear folk,'
he corrected himself briskly, 'call me a coward, and one that betrayed the Lord, and I kenna
what else, just mind it was to keep a bed to ye to sleep in and a bite for ye to eat.--On guard!'
he cried, and the lesson proceeded again till they were called to supper.

'There's another thing yet,' said Francie, stopping his father. 'There's another thing that
I am not sure that I am very caring for.  She--she sends me errands.'

'Obey her, then, as is your bounden duty,' said Traquair.

'Ay, but wait till I tell ye,' says the boy.  'If I was to see you I was to hide.'

Montroymont sighed.  'Well, and that's good of her too,' said he. 'The less that I ken of thir
doings the better for me; and the best thing you can do is just to obey her, and see and be
a good son to her, the same as ye are to me, Francie.'

At the tenderness of this expression the heart of Francie swelled within his bosom, and his
remorse was poured out.  'Faither!' he cried, 'I said "deil" to-day; many's the time I said
it, and DAMNABLE too, and HELLITSH.  I ken they're all right; they're beeblical.
