She said: "Alas." "The poor lady might as well love a dream. Disguise I see is wicked,for it has caused Olivia to breathe as fruitless sighs for me, as I do for Orsino."

Viola returned to the palace and reported to the Duke Orsino that the negotiation has failed because Olivia does not want to have anything to do with him. The Duke was disappointed, because he was sure that Yiola was going to convince Olivia of his love; so he asked her to try again to convince her. The Duke meanwhile, played a song and wrote to Olivia to tell her how the song reminded him of his love for her.

Viola understood the words of the old song, which simplified the pain of love. She is the proof that the meaning of the song is true, and her sad look was noted by the Duke who asked her:" My life upon it, Cesario, though you are so young, your eye has looked upon some face that it loves; has it not, boy?" Viola answered the Duke: "A little, with your leave." Then the Duke asked again: "And what kind of woman, and of what age is she? Viola replied: "Of your age and your complexion my lord." The Duke smiled at Viola's reply, because he was amazed to see a young man with a fair complexion, in love with an older darked skin woman; but secretly Viola was referring to the Duke.

In the second visit to Olivia,s home Viola vas received with great respect. She told Olivia that she had returned once more on the Duke behalf to plead with her to accept his love; but Olivia said to her: "I desired you never to speak of him again; but if you would undertake another suit, I had rather hear you solicit, than music from the spheres." Then Olivia broke down and openly confessed her love for Viola. The displeasure in Viola face, lead her to say: "O what a deaf of scorn looks beautiful in the contempt and anger of his lip! Cesario, by the roses of spring, by maidhood, honour, and by truth, I love you so, that, in spite of your pride, I have neither wit nor reason to conceal my passion." This love's pledge was null, because Viola ran away from Olivia, and threatened never to return to her house again, to plead the Duke's love for her. All theses solicitations from Olivia, placed Viola in a position to keep her resolution, Never to love a woman again.
