"Alas," said she, "the poor lady might as well love a dream. Disguise I see
is wicked, for it has caused Olivia to breathe as fruitless sighs for me, as I do for Orsino."

Viola returned to Orsino's palace, and related to her lord the ill success of the negociation,
repeating the command of Olivia, that the duke should trouble her no more. Yet still the duke
persisted in hoping that the gentle Cesario would in time be able to persuade her to shew some
pity, and therefore he bade him he should go to her again the next day. In the mean time, to
pass away the tedious interval, he commanded a song which he loved to be sung; and he said,
"My good Cesario, when I heard that song last night, methought it did relieve my passion much.
Mark it, Cesario, it is old and plain. The spinsters and the knitters when they sit in the
sun, and the young maids that weave their thread with bone, chaunt this song. It is silly,
yet I love it, for it tells of the innocence of love in the old times."

Viola did not fail to mark the words of the old song, which in such true simplicity described
the pangs of unrequited love, and she bore testimony in her countenance of feeling what the
song expressed. Her sad looks were observed by Orsino, who said to her, "My life upon it, Cesario,
though you are so young, your eye has looked upon some face that it loves; has it not, boy?"
"A little, with your leave," replied Viola. "And what kind of woman, and of what age is she?"
said Orsino. "Of your age, and of your complexion, my lord," said Viola; which made the duke
smile to hear this fair young boy loved a woman so much older than himself, and of a man's
dark complexion; but Viola secretly meant Orsino, and not a woman like him.

When Viola made her second visit to Olivia, she found no difficulty in gaining access to her.
Servants soon discover when their ladies delight to converse with handsome young messengers;
and the instant Viola arrived, the gates were thrown wide open, and the duke's page was shewn
into Olivia's apartment with great respect; and when Viola told Olivia that she was come once
more to plead in her lord's behalf, this lady said, "I desired you never to speak of him again;
but if you would undertake another suit, I had rather hear you solicit, than music from the
spheres." This was pretty plain speaking, but Olivia soon explained herself still more plainly,
and openly confessed her love; and when she saw displeasure with perplexity expressed in Viola's
face, she said, "O what a deal of scorn looks beautiful in the contempt and anger of his lip!
Cesario, by the roses of the spring, by maidhood, honour, and by truth, I love you so, that,
in spite of your pride, I have neither wit nor reason to conceal my passion." But in vain the
lady wooed; Viola hastened from her presence, threatening never more to come to plead Orsino's
love; and all the reply she made to Olivia's fond solicitation was, a declaration of a resolution
Never to love any woman.
