1, (IT oun, you ephe) -. November (poiomen)]. See edition of "Dialogue Xenophons oikonomias) (quasi in seiner Gestalt ursprunglichen." And for a critique of his views, an article by Charles D. Morris, "Oeconomicus Xenofon's" in "American Journal of Philology" , vol. Foll ip 169.

[2] As a demonstrator.

Crit. A key point most likely.

Soc. I suppose that about the same, you have the following point [3], two other sets of people: - first furniture owners of different types, which can not, however, put their hands on when needed, indeed they just know if they got all safe and sound or not: by which they made themselves and their domestics more mental torture. Others are perhaps less extensive, or in any case not provided comprehensive, but the instant everything ready for immediate use.

[3] "As in a mirror or a picture."

Crit. Yes, Socrates, and not simply because the first case, everything is thrown down when hit, whereas the others have everything arranged, each in its appointed place?

Quite right (he answered), the phrase implies that everything is orderly arranged, not in place first chance, but this naturally belongs.

Crit. Yes, applicable to the point, I think, and do not involve another economic principle.

Soc. What, then, if I show you a third contrast, which bears the status of domestic slaves? First you see them shackled hard and fast as I could tell, and yet for ever breaking their chains and escapes. On the other hand are freed slaves, and free to move, but for all that they choose to work, it seems, they are constant to their owners. I think you will admit that I emphasize here another function of the economy [4] noteworthy.

[4] or "economic result."

Crit. I do really - a feature most noteworthy.

Soc. Or take, again, for example, two farmers engaged in cultivation farms [5], as would be possible. A not done saying that agriculture was his ruin, and is in deep despair; other has all it needs in abundance and the best, and how acquired - in this farming the same?.

[5]) (georgias. See Hartman, "A Xen .." p. 193. Wait. FF. Flat. "Laws", 806 E. Isocrates. "Areop. 32.

Yes (Critobulus response), to be sure, probably, [6] both effort and money was spent not only on what is needed, but the things that cause injury to pets, as well as owners.

[6] or, as would be sufficient if one is spending money and pain, etc.

Soc. This is a possible case, no doubt, but is not that I mean, I mean people pretending to be farmers, and yet not a penny to spend on the real needs of their business.

Crit. And pray, what may be the reason that, Socrates?

Soc. Come with me, and also see these people, and as you contemplate the scene, I guess lesson will set the heart.

Crit.
