1, {ti oun,
    ephe}--vi. 11, {poiomen}]. See his edition "Xenophons Dialog.
    {peri oikonomias} in seiner ursprunglichen Gestalt"; and for a
    criticism of his views, an article by Charles D. Morris,
    "Xenophon's Oeconomicus," in the "American Journal of Philology,"
    vol. i. p. 169 foll.

 [2] As a demonstrator.

Crit. An essential point most certainly.

Soc. And suppose in connection with the same, I next point out to you [3] two other sets of
persons:--The first possessors of furniture of various kinds, which they cannot, however, lay
their hands on when the need arises; indeed they hardly know if they have got all safe and
sound or not: whereby they put themselves and their domestics to much mental torture. The others
are perhaps less amply, or at any rate not more amply supplied, but they have everything ready
at the instant for immediate use.

 [3] "As in a mirror, or a picture."

Crit. Yes, Socrates, and is not the reason simply that in the first case everything is thrown
down where it chanced, whereas those others have everything arranged, each in its appointed place?

Quite right (he answered), and the phrase implies that everything is orderly arranged, not
in the first chance place, but in that to which it naturally belongs.

Crit. Yes, the case is to the point, I think, and does involve another economic principle.

Soc. What, then, if I exhibit to you a third contrast, which bears on the condition of domestic
slaves? On the one side you shall see them fettered hard and fast, as I may say, and yet for
ever breaking their chains and running away. On the other side the slaves are loosed, and free
to move, but for all that, they choose to work, it seems; they are constant to their masters.
I think you will admit that I here point out another function of economy [4] worth noting.

 [4] Or, "economical result."

Crit. I do indeed--a feature most noteworthy.

Soc. Or take, again, the instance of two farmers engaged in cultivating farms [5] as like as
possible. The one had never done asserting that agriculture has been his ruin, and is in the
depth of despair; the other has all he needs in abundance and of the best, and how acquired?--by
this same agriculture.

 [5] {georgias}. See Hartman, "An. Xen." p. 193. Hold. cf. Plat.
    "Laws," 806 E. Isocr. "Areop." 32.

Yes (Critobulus answered), to be sure; perhaps [6] the former spends both toil and money not
simply on what he needs, but on things which cause an injury to house alike and owner.

 [6] Or, "like enough in the one case the money and pains are spent,"
    etc.

Soc. That is a possible case, no doubt, but it is not the one that I refer to; I mean people
pretending they are farmers, and yet they have not a penny to expend on the real needs of their
business.

Crit. And pray, what may be the reason of that, Socrates?

Soc. You shall come with me, and see these people also; and as you contemplate the scene, I
presume you will lay to heart the lesson.

Crit.
