And if ouerflowing molest you after one day, auoid it then
by deepe trenching.

Some for this purpose dig the soile of their Orchard to receiue moisture, which I cannot approue:
for the roots with digging are oftentimes hurt, and especially being digged by some vnskilfull
seruant: For the Gardiner cannot doe all himselfe. And moreouer, the roots of Apples & Peares
being laid neere day, with the heate of the Sun, will put forth suckers, which are a great
hinderance, and sometimes with euill guiding, the destruction of trees, vnlesse the deluing
be very shallow, and the ground laid very leuell againe. Cherries and Plummes without deluing,
will hardly or neuer (after twenty yeares) be kept from such suckers, nor aspes.

{SN: Grasse.} Grasse also is thought needfull for moisture, so you let it not touch the roots
of your trees: for it will breed mosse, and the boall of your tree neere the earth would haue
the comfort of the Sunne and Ayre.

Some take their ground to be too moist when it is not so, by reason of waters standing thereon,
for except in soure marshes, springs, and continuall ouerflowings, no earth can be too moyst.
Sandy & fat earth will auoid all water falling by receit. Indeed a stiffe clay will not receiue
the water, and therefore if it be grassie or plaine, especially hollow, the water will abide,
and it wil seeme waterish, when the fault is in the want of manuring, and other good dressing.

{SN: Naturally plaine.} {SN: Crust of the earth.} This plainnesse which we require, had need
be naturall, because to force an vneuen ground will destroy the fatnesse. For euery soile hath
his crust next day wherein trees and herbes put their roots, and whence they draw their sap,
which is the best of the soile, and made fertile with heat and cold, moisture and drought,
and vnder which by reason of the want of the said temperature, by the said foure qualities,
no tree nor herbe (in a manner) will or can put root. As may be seene if in digging your ground,
you take the weeds of most growth: as grasse or docks, (which will grow though they lie vpon
the earth bare) yet bury them vnder the crust, and they will surely dye and perish, & become
manure to your ground. This crust is not past 15. or 18. inches deepe in good ground, in other
grounds lesse. Hereby appeares the fault of forced plaines, viz. your crust in the lower parts,
is couered with the crust of the higher parts, and both with worse earth: your heights hauing
the crust taken away, are become meerely barren: so that either you must force a new crust,
or haue an euill soile. And be sure you leuell, before you plant, lest you be forced to remoue,
or hurt your plants by digging, and casting amongst their roots. Your ground must be cleered
as much as you may of stones, and grauell, walls, hedges, bushes, & other weeds.

CHAP. 3.

Of the Site.

{SN: Low and neere a Riuer.} There is no difference, that I find betwixt the necessity of a
good soile, and a good site of an Orchard.
