What are the varieties of brilliant forgeries?  Yes there are a lot of varied found in brilliant forgeries. 
Stone statuettes: is considered as a clever forger.  He will be collected as a fee nearly one hundred pounds for a single brilliant forgery.  His forgery can be identified by an expert only. 
It is not advisable to purchase anything in the dark room or in dusk.  When you are purchasing something it is better to avoid any one who will try to call attention to things.  
Do not be inspired by any kind of free offers, additional offers or bargaining business. As your own rule, try to purchase if you are willing or try to avoid immediately if you are not willing to purchase the same.  Usually time and delay will make money to the traveler and it is more advisable to save time in bargaining. So your donkey boy will soon spread your character. 
If you like to offer a single thing to a peasant, you have to put the money by the side of the antiquity.  And you have to say and compel him to take one or the other. If you are fingering the cash it is always overwhelming and by which no time will be lost. 
If you are guessing that the source of an object is not yet being stated well, the better way to make the best guess as you can is you have to say it dogmatically.  The reason is the pleasure of setting your right will often bring out the truth.  Also if you guessed right, then it will automatically earn you credit and break down reserve. 
As a principle, you have to scrutinize every thing in a well manner and as a liberal buyer. This will encourage the offer of antiquities.  If you are ready to spend a little bit of money, then it will be going on the whole journey.  Also it may largely increase the outcomes in objects and information for future work.
Even though if it is a costly thing, by regular practice only you can be learned everything thoroughly in different times and different places yet the following scale may be taken as fairly safe. 
Bronze figures if they are good work, inches high squared = shillings: except in bad state, or Osiris, or bad clumsy work, or votive animals. 
Papyri or parchment, continuous text, 1 pound a square foot, accounts, half or a third. 
Jewelry can be weighed between weight in coin and double that, according to the work done. 
Scarabs,  common but fair 2s. Names 2s.-5s.; up to 5 pounds or 10 pounds if beautiful. Engraved   gems, small common Roman, 2s.-4s. in London, more in East; for a fair Greek 1 pound-10 pounds. 
Coins are often higher in the East than in London. In Greek lands copper coins may be bought by weight, and picked over at leisure, and the worthless coins rejected. For single coins fix a price, say half a franc, and offers of large numbers may come in, from which the best can be chosen and the rest refused. 
Glass vases, blown, inches high squared at 4d. Or 6d. Each. Colored glass double or triple. 
Ushabtis, poor 1s.-4s., fair 5s.-10s., fine blue or engraved 1 pound- 10 pounds. 
LONDON. 
BRITISH MUSEUM, Bloomsbury, W.C.1. Director, Sir F. G. Kenyon, K.C.B., P.B.A. Keeper of Egyptian and Assyrian Antiquities, Sir Ernest Wallis Budge, Litt.D. Keeper of British and Mediaeval Antiquities (including Prehistoric Antiquities, Ethnology, and Oriental Antiquities) Sir Hercules Read, F.B.A., P.S.A. Keeper of Greek and Roman Antiquities, A. H. Smith M.A. Keeper of Coins, G. F. Hill, F.B.A. Keeper of MSS., J. P. Gilson, M.A. Keeper of Oriental MSS. and Printed Books. L. D. Barnett, Litt.D. 
VICTORIA  AND  ALBERT MUSEUM, S. Kensington, S.W.7.
