There are all kinds of forgeries of antique objects. Generally they are so well done that it will be very difficult, even for an expert to make them out. A skilled forger gets orders to make copies of famous pieces such objects of art and he can make a good living from such orders.

If you are interested in buying such ancient works of art make sure that you see the object in good light. Never shop for them in establishments which are dark and poorly lit. When you are at an antique dealer’s establishment, do not show that you are a serious buyer. Ignore attendants who try to interest you in some object or other.

After you have decided on what you wish to buy, close the deal quickly. Do not make an advance payment or try to bring down the price by haggling. If you like something, either buy it or leave it. It is so easy to gain a reputation as a haggler if you bargain.

If you are in the countryside and come across an antique piece at a farm house, the best way to get the farmer to sell it to you is to simply place the money you are willing to pay for it beside the object that you wish to buy from him. This will usually do the trick because the farmer cannot resist the temptation of handling the money. Once he had taken the money in his hands the transaction is completed without wasting time in bargaining.

A dealer in art works may not always be willing to tell you where he got the piece that you want to buy. The best way to get to the truth about this will be to tell him that you are certain that the piece came from such and such source. If that is not correct, the dealer will be only too delighted to prove you wrong by telling you where he got it from. If you are right in your guess, his respect for your knowledge will increase and he will not try to deceive you.

Show yourself to be a fair-minded buyer, erring perhaps on the liberal side. This may cause you to spend a little more on your acquisitions, but you will save valuable time, especially if you travel extensively to buy antique objects of value. When you have established a reputation as a person who is not niggardly, you will find that dealers who specialize in antiques will inform you when they get something that might be of interest to you.

You might wonder how one assesses the value of an antique object. This takes some experience. Prices of such object change with time, as you well know. However, you may use a certain rule of thumb when trying to fix prices for a variety of antique objects. For example, the cost of bronze statuettes may be calculated by squaring its height and the number you get will give you an estimate of its value in shillings. Cost of parchment will depend on whether it has continuous text or accounts written on it, and will also depend on its size. Cost of antique jewelry will naturally depend on its weight. Coins may be bought in bulk cheaply and you can choose from the them the ones that are really worth keeping. 

You could always consult the British Museum or other museums to educate yourself in the art of evaluating an antique object.
