Instead of feeling hurt or angry, you will be inclined
to pity her--to pray for her. And she deserves pity, Janet, if any woman in this sinful world
ever did. To have severed of her own accord those natural ties which other people cherish so
fondly; to see herself fading into a dreary old age, and yet of her own free will to shut out
the love that should attend her by the way and strew flowers on her path; to have no longer
a single earthly hope or pleasure beyond those connected with each day's narrow needs or with
the heaping together of more money where there was enough before--in all this there is surely
room enough for pity, but none for any harsher feeling."

"Dear Sister Agnes, your words make me thoroughly ashamed of myself," said Janet, with tearful
earnestness. "Arrogance ill becomes one like me who have been dependent on the charity of others
from the day of my birth. Whatever task may be set me either by Lady Chillington or by you,
I will do it to the best of my ability. Will you for this once pardon my petulance and ill-temper,
and I will strive not to offend you again?"

"I am not offended, darling; far from it. I felt sure that you had good-sense and good-feeling
enough to see the matter in its right light when it was properly put before you. But have you
no curiosity as to the nature of your new duties?"

"Very little at present, I must confess," answered Janet, with a wan smile. "The chief thing
for which I care just now is to know that so long as I remain at Deepley Walls I shall be near
you; and that of itself would be sufficient to enable me to rest contented under worse inflictions
than Lady Chillington's ill-temper."

"You ridiculous Janet! Ah! if I only dared to tell you everything. But that must not be. Let
us rather talk of what your duties will be in your new situation."

"Yes, tell me about them, please," said Janet, "and you shall see in time to come that your
words have not been forgotten."

"To begin: you will have to go to her ladyship's room precisely at eight every morning. Sometimes
she will not want you, in which case you will be at liberty till after breakfast. Should she
want you it will probably be to read to her while she sips her chocolate, or it may be to play
a game of backgammon with her before she gets up. A little later on you will be able to steal
an hour or so for yourself, as while her ladyship is undergoing the elaborate processes of
the toilette, your services will not be required. On coming down, if the weather be fine, she
will want the support of your arm during her stroll on the terrace. If the weather be wet,
she will probably attend to her correspondence and book-keeping, and you will have to fill
the parts both of amanuensis and accountant. When Mr. Madgin, her ladyship's man of business,
comes up to Deepley Walls, you will have to be in attendance to take notes, write down instructions,
and so on. By-and-by will come luncheon, of which, as a rule, you will partake with her.
