I envy you your luck; you go with the heroes to do fine deeds. I would willingly
barter my consular purple against one of your brigadier's epaulettes" (16th March, 1800).

The army of Italy had been suffering for a long time with heroic courage; the well-known chief
who took the command was more than any other suited to obtain from it the last efforts of devotion;
it was the first to undergo the attack of the allied forces. The troops of Massena were still
scattered when he was assailed by Melas. The fear of prematurely exhausting the insufficient
resources of Genoa had prevented him from following the wise councils of Bonaparte, by massing
his troops round that town. After a series of furious combats upon the upper Bormida, the French
line found itself cut in two by the Austrians; General Suchet was obliged to fall back upon
Nice, Massena re-entered Genoa. A new effort forced back General Melas beyond the Appenines.
The attempt to rejoin the corps of General Suchet having failed, Massena saw himself constrained
to shut himself up in Genoa, in the midst of a population divided in opinion, but whose confidence
he had already known how to win. Resolved to occupy by resistance and by sorties all the forces
of the allies, the general made preparations for sustaining the siege to the last extremity.
All the provisions of the place were brought into the military magazines; the most severe order
reigned in the distribution, but already scarcity was felt. The forces of Massena, exhausted
by frequent fights, diminished every day; bread failed; and the heroic obstinacy of the general
alone compelled the Austrians to keep a considerable corps d'armee before a famished town (5th
May, 1800). Melas had in vain attempted to force the lines of Var, behind which General Suchet,
too feeble to defend Nice, had cleverly entrenched himself.

Moreau delayed to commence the campaign; his material was insufficient; Alsace and Switzerland,
exhausted of resources, could not furnish the means of transport required by his movement.
The First Consul urged him. "Obtain a success as soon as possible, that you may be able by
a diversion in some degree to expedite the operations in Italy," he wrote to him on April 24;
"every day's delay is extremely disastrous to us." On April 26, Moreau passed the Rhine at
Strasburg, at Brisach, and at Basle, thus deceiving General Kray, who defended the defiles
of the Black Forest, whilst the different divisions of the French army reascended and repassed
the Rhine, in order to cross it afresh without difficulty at Schaffhausen. The Austrians had
not yet collected their forces, dispersed by the unlooked-for movement they found themselves
obliged to execute; the French corps were themselves dispersed when the battle commenced, on
May 3, at Engen. After a furious struggle at several points, General Moreau achieved a splendid
victory; two days later the same fortune crowned the battle of Moesskirch; the loss on both
sides was great.
