"I envy you your luck; you go with the heroes to do fine deeds.  I would willingly barter my consular purple against one of your brigadier's epaulettes" (16th March, 1800).

Italy's army had long suffered from a lack of bravery;  their famous commander was the ideal man to try to wring from it a final, heart-felt effort;  it was to be at the forefront of the allied attack.  Massena's troops were scattered far and wide when he was ambushed by Melas.  Afraid of running out of necessary provisions, he failed to follow the council of Bonaparte, and amassed his army around the town of Genoa.  After a long series of ferocious battles on the upper Bormida, the French army found itself divided by the Austrians, and General Suchet was forced to retreat to Nice, while Massena found refuge back in Genoa.  A further attack pushed Melas beyond the Appenines.  After failing to reunite with Suchet's unit, Massena was required to remain in Genoa where, although the loyalty of the population was divided, he had managed to gain their trust.  Massena's plan was to continue to occupy by sorties and by restance the allied armies, and he prepared to maintain the siege until the final battle.  All of Genoa's resources were taken into the military magazines, and although extreme rationing was ordered, supplies soon ran short.  Massena's troops, worn thin by constant battle, grew smaller every day; food was scarce; and only the heroic stubbornness of their commander caused the Austrians to keep their corps d'armee in that deprived town (5th May, 1800).   In the meantime, Melas' attempt to smoke out General Suchet's ailing army from behind the lines of Var failed to produce any results.

Due to insufficient material, Moreau opted not to push the campaign forward;  the massive means of transport needed for his movement could not be supplied by Switzerland and Alsace, which were extremely low on resources.  On April 24, he was urged by the First Consul to "Obtain a success as soon as possible, that you may be able by a diversion in some degree to expedite the operations in Italy," as "every day's delay is extremely disastrous to us."  Moreau employed deceptive tactics against General Kray, who was defending the Black Forest, as he passed the Rhine at Strasburg, at Brisach, and at Basle on April 26.  The French army, meanwhile,  crossed easily at Schaffhuasen.  Because of the deceptive maneuvers they were forced to execute, the Austrians were unable to gather their forces;  the French army was also scattered when the conflict began at Engen on May 3.  After a ferocious battle, General Moreau was victorious;  just two days later victory was achieved in the battle of Moesskirch; both sides suffered numerous losses.
