"I've been thinking, Jennet, and I saw cure for some time - '

"Brat! Janet said, and crimson to, and when one does as if he had wounded with a ragged suit he had to chase his bestial with, and the next was asking and praying that he mentions neither. Naebody business was, whatever, "she said that just started a confrontation in the country," and there would be nothing for it but to drown in Dule water.

Why? Francie says.

The girl looked at him once again grew red.

"And ISNA that, anyway," Francie went on. "Only you looked so good - as our Father in heaven, I thought, and I thought mebbe, perhaps, we had all been wrong about him from the beginning. But I must tell Mr. M'Brair, I'm in some sort of pact with him to tell him everything.

"Tell the divil if it seems to me!" Cried the girl. "I have naething to be ashamed. Tell M'Brair to mind their affairs Ain," she shouted again: 'eneugh be hot for him, if you like Haddie! So he walked away, pushing their animals before her, and again and again looking back and shouting words of anger with the child, where he was perplexed.

By the time he arrived home he had his mind was made up that would not tell her mother. My Lady Montroymont was in the keeping room, reading a devotional book, was a wonderful woman fragile little to make much noise in the world and be able to guide the sheep on patient to her husband, her eyes like sloes the fingers of his hands were like pipe stems snuff-with your mouth shut like a trap, and even though she was the most serious, and even more so when he got angry, hung around her face looks like a terrifying smile .

"Have you received the ticket, Francie, he said, and when they had surrendered, and had read and burned him, 'Did you see anyone?" He asked.

"I saw the laird," said Francie.

"He didnâ to do, though? Asked his mother.

"Deil a fear," Francie.

"Francie," she cried. What's that I hear? A Aitha? The Lord forgive me, I Brought forward the image of the burning, a bundle of firewood of hell? "

"I'm sorry, ma'am," said Francie. "Humbly ask forgiveness of the Lord, and yours, for my sinfulness."

"Hum," grunted the lady. "Do you see anyone else?

"No, madame," said Francie, with the face of an angel, 'except Jock Crozer, Giedo my billet.

'Jock Crozer! Exclaimed the lady. "I would Crozer! Crozers really, what's next?" We must break from the life of a suffering remnant Crozers? The clan of the two want to hang, and if it were up to me, who wants wouldnâ long. Are you aware, sir, that these Crozers killed his predecessor in the church-door? "

"You see, he was bigger 'n me," said Francie.

'Jock Crozer! continued Mrs.. "That will be the son of Clement, the more thieves and robbers in the country side. To trust in a note to him! But I'll give the benefit of my opinions to Lady Whitecross when two come together.
