"I was thinking, ponies, I saw a priest a while back -"

"Brat!" cried Janet, and colored by purple, and when one makes as if he would be hit with a stick rags she had to chase them brutally, and next was begging and praying that he would have said one to none. It was "business naebody's whatever," she said, "would only start a conflict in the country, and there would be nothing for it but to drown the Dule water.

"Why?" Francie says.

The girl looked at him and rose again scarlet.

"And ISNA that, anyway," continued France. "It was just that he looked so good to you - as our Father in heaven, and I thought mebbe I thought that perhaps I was all wrong about him first. But I will be his Mr M'Brair say, are under some sort of deal to him to tell all. "

"Tell him to divil if you like for me!" maid cried. "I've naething to be ashamed. Tell Ain M'Brair to mind his business," she shouted "eneugh will be hot for him, if Haddam like" And so Strode off before shoving her beasts them, and more and again looking back and crying to angry words boy, where he was intrigued.

By the time he got home, his mind was made that he would say nothing to his mother. Montroymont lady was keeping my room, reading a book godly, it was a wonderful wife fragile than making so much noise in the world and be able to focus on the sheep patient husband, her eyes were like sloes, fingers of her hands were like tails of pipe tobacco, mouth shut like a trap well, and even when it was the worst, and still more when she was angry, there hung on the front its terrifying appearance of a smile.

"I have reached billets Francie she said, and when it should be taught, and she has read and burned it," Did you see anyone? "She asked.

"I saw the landlord," said Francie.

"He didnâ see you, right?" asked his mother.

"Deil a fear," from France.

"France!" she cried. "What's this I hear? An aith? God forgive me, I broughten forth a brand burning hell fire for a fag?"

"I am very sorry, lady," said Francie. "I humbly apologize for the Lord, and yours, for my wickedness."

"H'm," she muttered. "See, nobody else will?"

"No, lady," said Francie, with a face of an angel, "except Jock crozer that gied my tracks."

"Jock crozer!" she cried. "I we crozer! Crozers indeed! What next? We are suffering a remnant stand Crozers life? Whole clan of them would hang, and when I had my way of, they would not want run. Are you aware, sir, Crozers killed that give you the Kirk-door? "

"You see, he was more 'n me," said Francie.

"Crozer Jock!" she continued. "This will be the son of Clement and reiver biggest thief in the country-side. To trust in a note from him! But I will give my opinions on Lady Whitecross benefit when we two come together.
