What this boy and girl said to each other, is their secret,
not ours.

The gorse in the high paddock held a fox; several, in fact, a lady having reared a fine young
family there without any anxieties as to their support, thanks to the votive offerings of crows
and rabbits, obsequiously laid on her doorstep, by her best friend, and her most implacable
enemy, Mr. William Kirby, M.F.H. In recognition, no doubt, of these attentions, the lady in
question permitted one of her sons to afford a little harmless pleasure to her benefactor,
and this, having included a lively gallop of some three miles, ceased in a plantation where
was the place of safety that had been indicated to the beginner, and ceased appositely, at
an hour that made a late breakfast at Castle Ire a matter obvious, even imperative, for those
who were not prepared to await, in patient starvation, that very inferior repast, an early lunch.

Young Mrs. Kirby had not lost, with matrimony, the habit of having her own way.

"No, Christian, you're not going home. You haven't seen Baby, and he really looks rather sweet
in his new--" (a negligible matter, whatever the attire the formulae being unvaried)--"and,
besides," continued young Mrs. Kirby, with decision, "I want to talk to you."

Being talked to by Judith was an adequate modern equivalent for an interview with the "Jailer's
Daughter," as a method of obtaining information.

Christian trembled for the secret of the pearl.

"Bill tells me," began Judith, after the late breakfast had been disposed of, settling herself
luxuriously in an armchair in the round tower-room which she had made her own sitting-room
and lighting a cigarette, "that our tenants--I mean Papa's people--are getting rather nasty.
Of course, there was that disgraceful business when your mare was killed but I don't mean that--Bill
thinks old Fairfax was right in advising Papa to do nothing about that--but about this archaic
nonsense of feudal feeling and not selling the property. Of course he's bound to lose by the
sale, but the longer he waits the worse it gets."

"I don't think it's only feudal feeling--he says he can't afford to sell," began Christian.

"Oh, I know all that, my dear," interrupted Judith; "'the infernal mortgagees, and the damned
charges, and that blackguard rebel, young Mangan, who cut the ground from under his feet,'
and so on. I've heard it all from Papa, exactly five thousand times. But the point is that
there was a meeting at Pribawn, with the priest in the chair, and there were furious speeches,
and they talked of boycotting Papa, and some steps ought to be taken. It's an intolerable nuisance
being boycotted, if it's nothing else, and most expensive. I was with the O'Donnells that time
when they were boycotted--up at five every morning to milk the cows and light the kitchen fire,
and having to get every earthly thing by post from London!"

"I'll take as many steps as you like," said Christian, "if you'll only tell me where to take them."
