But, he had to leave. Then Aguirre said firmly:

"Don't think logically. Just relax. Don't analyse love. Practicality and conformity aren't for people in love. Say yes, and Fate will work everything out."

Luna, the seriousness of the situation somehow lifted by Aguirre's own severe expression and passionate words, laughed lightly.

"Sweethearts in the Spanish fashion?.. Trust me, I want to say yes. You'll leave me like you've forgotten others, no doubt; and I'll only have the memories of you to treasure. That would be splendid. We'll see each other and talk about our daily lives. No public adoration. No displays of affection. But all will be well. We'll be sweethearts; I'd love to see what it's like."

She spoke with a smile on her voice, her eyes just barely closed, like a child whose enthusiasm is growing upon hearing a new, interesting game. Suddenly her eyes opened wide, a new thought crinkling her brow in consternation. She blanched. But Aguirre already knew the thought in her mind. She was going to tell him about the man to whom she was already engaged, of her Jewish fiancé in America and who may someday return. But after only a moment of hesitation she relaxed, sill silent. Luis was thankful for this. She kept the past in the past, like all women in the initial stages of love do.

"Alright. We'll be sweethearts. Well, consul? Say something kind and sweet to me, the way a Spanish sweetheart would say to someone they love."

That morning Luna went home and was slighty late for the lunch hour. Her family was waiting for her, already impatient. Zabulon cast a stern glance at his niece. Her cousins Sol and Estrella spoke of her, but not to her, jokingly. The head of the household's eyes moistened as he spoke of Spain and the consul.

Meanwhile, the latter stopped in front of the Hindu market to speak with Khiamull. Overflowing with such joy as he was, he had to share his news with someone. The Hindu's jealousy showed itself in his frequent coughs and the wry curve of his lips.

"Khiamull, there is nothing like love! Believe me, I have experienced much. You are ill and will die some day, never having seen the sacred river of your native land. You need someone to be with, a girl from Gibraltar.. or, perhaps, from La Línea; a half Roma, with a cloak, flowers in her hair and an enticing way about her. Is this not true, Khiamull?..."

The Hindu smiled his disdain and shook his head. No. To each their own. A Hindu, he lived alone among the whites according to his own wishes. There's nothing man can do against the congenialities and antipathies of their ancestry.
Brahma, who is the sum of divine knowledge, divided everyone into castes.

"But, wait! Khiamull! In my mind the type of girl I've just described is not worthy of scorn...."
