Besides, he had to leave. But Aguirre interrupted
resolutely:

"Don't reason. Just close your eyes. In love there should be no reflection. Good sense and
the conventionalities are for persons who don't love each other. Say yes, and afterwards time
and our good luck will arrange everything."

Luna laughed, amused by Aguirre's grave countenance and the vehemence of his speech.

"Sweethearts in the Spanish fashion?... Believe me, I am tempted to assent. You will go off
and forget me, just as you've doubtless forgotten others; and I'll be left cherishing the remembrance
of you. Excellent. We'll see each other every day and will chat about our affairs. Serenades
are not possible here, nor can you place your cape at my feet without being considered crazy.
But that doesn't matter. We'll be sweethearts; I should love to see what it's like."

She laughed as she spoke, with her eyes closed, just like a child to whom a pleasant game has
been proposed. Soon she opened her eyes wide, as if something forgotten had reawakened in her
with a painful pressure. She was pale. Aguirre could guess what she was trying to say. She
was about to tell him of her previous betrothal, of that Jewish fiancé who was in America and
might return. But after a brief pause of indecision she returned to her former attitude, without
breaking the silence. Luis was grateful to her for this. She desired to conceal her past, as
do all women in the first moment of love.

"Agreed. We'll be sweethearts. Let's see, consul. Say pretty things to me, of the sort that
you folks say in Spain when you come to the grating."

That morning Luna returned to her house somewhat late for the lunch hour. The family was awaiting
her impatiently. Zabulon looked at his niece with a stern glance. Her cousins Sol and Estrella
alluded to the Spaniard in a jesting manner. The patriarch's eyes grew moist as he spoke of
Spain and its consul.

Meanwhile the latter had stopped at the door of the Hindu bazaar to exchange a few words with
Khiamull. He felt the necessity of sharing his brimming happiness with another. The Hindu was
greener than ever. He coughed frequently and his smile, which resembled that of a bronze child,
was really a dolorous grimace.

"Khiamull, long live love! Believe me, for I know much about life. You are sickly and some
day you'll die, without beholding the sacred river of your native land. What you need is a
companion, a girl from Gibraltar... or rather, from La Línea; a half gypsy, with her cloak,
pinks in her hair and alluring manners. Am I not right, Khiamull?..."

The Hindu smiled with a certain scorn, shaking his head. No. Every one to his own. He was of
his race and lived in voluntary solitude among the whites. Man can do nothing against the sympathies
and aversions of the blood. Brahma, who was the sum of divine wisdom, separated all creatures
into castes.

"But, man!... friend Khiamull! It seems to me that a girl of the kind I've mentioned is by
no means to be despised...."
