Wed? What, she has been married all this time for someone who has eaten and did not let? Oh, I say, what a game! "And she threw her head back and laughed till the garden rang again.

"Oh shut up, you naughty little girl!" I asked, catching her by the arm, and terrified beyond measure by the loudness of her laughter. "Do not make that horrid noise - we are sure you will be caught if you do not stop ----"

The little girl stopped a shout of laughter in the middle and close her mouth with a snap. Her eyes, round and black and shiny like boot buttons, came more from her head. "Caught?" she said impatiently. "What, are you afraid of being caught too? Well, it's a game!" And with her hands plunged deep into the pockets of her coat she capered before me in excess of her pleasure, reminding me of a very fat black lamb frisking round without end and passive sheep its mother.

It was clear that the time had come for me to take down the gate at the bottom of the garden as soon as possible, and I started off in this direction. Little girl at once stopped capering and placed himself in front of me completely. "Who are you?" she said, considering most of my hat to my boots with keenest interest.

Considered this way ungarnished of impertinent questions, and trying to see very high, made an effort to move to the side.

Little girl, with a quick movement, cork-like, was there before me.

"Who are you?" she repeated, her expression friendly, but firm. "Oh, I - I'm a pilgrim," I said in despair.

"A traveler!" echoed the little girl. She seemed struck, and while she was hitting slipped past her and began to walk quickly towards the door in the wall. "A traveler!" said the little girl, again, keeping close beside me, and looking up and down carefully. "I do not like pilgrims. Are not they the people who are always walking around, and there are things the matter with their feet? Do you have anything the matter with your feet?"

"Certainly not," I answered angrily, still moving faster. "And they never wash, Miss Robinson said. You do not, do you?"

"Not wash? Oh, I'm afraid you're a very bad brought-up little girl - oh, let alone - I have to run -"

"So have I," said the little girl, with joy, "for Miss Robinson must be close behind us. She nearly had me just before I found you." And she started running from my side.

The thought of Miss Robinson close behind us gave wings to my feet, and, casting my dignity, of which, indeed, but there was little left for the winds, I flew down the road enough. Little girl was not to convince, and why she panted and turned weird colors, held by my side and even talked. Oh, I was tired, tired in body and mind, tired from the various blows I had received, tired of traveling, tired from want of food, and here I was being forced to run because very bad that this little girl chose to hide instead of going in for her lessons.

"I say - this is funny -" she jerked out.
