Marry? What, has she been married all this time to
somebody who's been eaten and never let on? Oh, I say, what a game!" And she threw back her
head and laughed till the garden rang again.

"O hush, you dreadful little girl!" I implored, catching her by the arm, and terrified beyond
measure by the loudness of her mirth. "Don't make that horrid noise--we are certain to be caught
if you don't stop----"

The little girl broke off a shriek of laughter in the middle and shut her mouth with a snap.
Her eyes, round and black and shiny like boot buttons, came still further out of her head.
"Caught?" she said eagerly. "What, are you afraid of being caught too? Well, this is a game!"
And with her hands plunged deep in the pockets of her coat she capered in front of me in the
excess of her enjoyment, reminding me of a very fat black lamb frisking round the dazed and
passive sheep its mother.

It was clear that the time had come for me to get down to the gate at the end of the garden
as quickly as possible, and I began to move away in that direction. The little girl at once
stopped capering and planted herself squarely in front of me. "Who are you?" she said, examining
me from my hat to my boots with the keenest interest.

I considered this ungarnished manner of asking questions impertinent, and, trying to look lofty,
made an attempt to pass at the side.

The little girl, with a quick, cork-like movement, was there before me.

"Who are you?" she repeated, her expression friendly but firm. "Oh, I--I'm a pilgrim," I said
in desperation.

"A pilgrim!" echoed the little girl. She seemed struck, and while she was struck I slipped
past her and began to walk quickly towards the door in the wall. "A pilgrim!" said the little
girl, again, keeping close beside me, and looking me up and down attentively. "I don't like
pilgrims. Aren't they people who are always walking about, and have things the matter with
their feet? Have you got anything the matter with your feet?"

"Certainly not," I replied indignantly, walking still faster. "And they never wash, Miss Robinson
says. You don't either, do you?"

"Not wash? Oh, I'm afraid you are a very badly brought-up little girl--oh, leave me alone--I
must run--"

"So must I," said the little girl, cheerfully, "for Miss Robinson must be close behind us.
She nearly had me just before I found you." And she started running by my side.

The thought of Miss Robinson close behind us gave wings to my feet, and, casting my dignity,
of which, indeed, there was but little left, to the winds, I fairly flew down the path. The
little girl was not to be outrun, and though she panted and turned weird colours, kept by my
side and even talked. Oh, I was tired, tired in body and mind, tired by the different shocks
I had received, tired by the journey, tired by the want of food; and here I was being forced
to run because this very naughty little girl chose to hide instead of going in to her lessons.

"I say--this is jolly--" she jerked out.
