Somebody or other complained of my writing "GLUCK" instead of "GLUCK," He did not like the two dots;One too many for the poor chap. already in his dotage, so to releive him and soothe him, ill write it "GLUCK." and then he can go to the proprietor of "DAVIDSON's LIBRETTO BOOKS" and  ask him to take the dotlets off the "U" in GLUCK. I wonder if my strongly it was aspectacle d the fault of finder rights name of correctly handle? darely say so currect a person never falls into any sort of error, of if he does, never admits it. I like it done down to dots, as handle my self. It looks so un commonly learned.


Saturday is Thannha user. Full and appreciative house to welcome the retree of madame Albani, who was simply perfection and the perfection of simplicity as the self- sacrificing heroine Elizabeth.certanin from Wagnerian moral point of view, no better impersonator, of the dramatically at least operatically, if not for the sensual Falstaffian Knight could be found than signer PEROTTI. And from every cyprian Venus than Mile. SOFIA RAVPGLI. M.MAUREL was admirabler in every way as the moral Wolframo, and Signor ABRAMOFF the gravest of Landgraves. The full title of this operate should be Tannhauser, or The Story of a Bard who sang a questionable kind of song in the highest Society. And what came of it.

Fine effect at of First Act, when Prancing of the steeds, with secondhood park for hack saddles. at quite half-a-crown an hour. are brought in. and impecunious warriors refusing to mount. the certain descends.


Then what pleasure to see Albani Elezabeth recieving the guests in Act it varying the courtesies with an affectionate embrace whenever a particular friend among the ladies and of the form of the court and chorud came in view. My LORD CHAMBERLAIN, viewing the4 scene form his private box, must have picked up many a hint for court etiquette from it studying this remarkable scene. Then how familiar to us all is the arrangement of the bards all in a row, like our old friends the Christy Minstrels, Tannha user being the Tambourine, and Wolfram the Bones! Charming. Repeat it by all means Great success.


*****

*****

"PLEASE GIVE ME A PENNY, SIR!" 

A NEW SONG TO AN OLD TUNE. 

Poor income of the Tax payer, loquiturfor 


Please give me a Penny, sir! My hope is almost dead; You hold the swag in that black bag, And high you lift your head. some years i have been asking this, But no one needs my please. You will not give me some thing then, this year, And please give me a penny!

please give me a penny, sir!
