omebody or other complained of my writing "GLÜCK" instead of "GLUCK," He didn't like the two dots; one too many for the poor chap, already in his dotage, so to relieve him and soothe him, I'll write it "GLUCK," and then he can go to the proprietor of "DAVIDSON'S Libretto Books" and ask him to take the dotlets off the "Ü" in GLÜCK. I wonder if my strongly-spectacle'd fault-finder writes the name of HANDEL correctly? I dare say so correct a person never falls into any sort of error; or if he does, never admits it. I like it done down to dots, as "HÄNDEL," myself; it looks so uncommonly learned.

Saturday.--Tannhäuser. Full and appreciative house to welcome the rentrée of Madame ALBANI, who was simply perfection and the perfection of simplicity as the self-sacrificing heroine Elizabeth. From a certain Wagnerian-moral point of view, no better impersonator,--dramatically at least, if not operatically,--of the sensual Falstaffian Knight could be found than Signer PEROTTI; and, from every point of view, no finer representation of the Cyprian Venus than Mlle. SOFIA RAVOGLI. M. MAUREL was admirable in every way as the moral Wolframo, and Signor ABRAMOFF the gravest of Landgraves. The full title of this Opera should be Tannhäuser; or, The Story of a Bard who sang a questionable kind of Song in the highest Society, and what came of it.

Fine effect at end of First Act, when prancing steeds, with secondhand park-hack saddles, at quite half-a-crown an hour, are brought in, and, on a striking tableau of bold but impecunious warriors refusing to mount, the Curtain descends.

Then what pleasure to see Albani-Elizabeth receiving the guests in Act II., varying the courtesies with an affectionate embrace whenever a particular friend among the ladies-of-the-court-chorus came in view. My LORD CHAMBERLAIN, viewing the scene from his private box, must have picked up many a hint for Court etiquette from studying this remarkable scene. Then how familiar to us all is the arrangement of the bards all in a row, like our old friends the Christy Minstrels, Tannhäuser being the Tambourine, and Wolfram the Bones! Charming. Great success. Repeat it by all means.

* * * * *

* * * * *

"PLEASE GIVE ME A PENNY, SIR!"

A NEW SONG TO AN OLD TUNE.

Poor Income-Tax Payer, loquitur:--

Please give me a Penny, Sir! My hope is almost dead; You hold the swag in that black bag, And high you lift your head. Some years I have been asking this, But no one heeds my plea. Will you not give me something then, This year, good Mister G.? Oh! please give me a Penny!

Please give me a Penny, Sir! You won't say "no" to me, Because I'm poor, and feel the pinch Of dreadful "Schedule D"! You're so high-dried, and so correct, So honest and austere! Remember the full "Tanner," Sir, I've stumped up year by year, And please give me a Penny!

Please give me a Penny, Sir!
