omebody or other asked of my writing"GLUCK"instead
of"GLICK,"He didn't like the 2 dots;poor chap for
the many one too,already in his dotage,so to smoothe
him and relive him,i'll write it"GLUCK,"and he can go to proprietor of "DAVIDSON'S Libertto Books"
and ask him to take the dotlets off the "U" in
GLUCK.I wonder if my strongly-spectacle'd fault-finder writes the name of HANDLE correctly?I dare
to say a correct person never falls into any type of
error;or if he does,never admits it.I like it down
to dots,as"HANDEL,"myself;it looks so uncommonly
learned.
           
        saturday.--Tannhauser.full and appreciative
house to welcome the rentree of madame ALMANI,who was simplicity as the self-sacrificing heroine
Elizabeth.From a certain Wagnerian-moral point
of view,no better impersonator,--dramatically
at least,if not operatically,--of the sensual
Falstaffian Knight could be found than Singer
PEROTTI;and,from every point of view, no finer
representation of the Cyprian venus than Mile.
SOFIARAVOGLI.M.MAUREL was admirable in every way
as the moral Wolframo,and Signor ABRAMOFF the
gravest of Landgraves.Tha full title of this
Opera should be Tannhauser;or,The story of a Bard
who sang a questionable kind of song in the highest
Society,and what came of it.
              
Fine effect at end of First Act,when prancing steeds,with secondhand park-hack saddles,at quite
half-a-crown a hour,are brought in,and,on a striking
tableau of bold but impecunious warriors refusing
to mount,the Curtain descends.

Then what pleasure to see Albani-Elizabeth receiving
the guests in Act11.,varying the courtesies with
an affectionate embrance whenever a particular
friend amoung the ladies-of-the-court-chorus came in sight.My LORD CHAMBERLAIN,viewing the scene
from his private box,studying this remarkable scene
must have picked up many a hint for Court etiquette.
then how familiar to us all is the arrangement
of the bards all in a row,like our old friends the
Christy Minstrels,Tannhauser being the Tambourine,
and Wolfram the Bones! Charming.Great success.Repeat it by all means.
* * * * *

* * * * *

"PLEASE GIVE ME A PENNY,SIR!"

A NEW SONG TO AN OLD TUNE

poor income-Tax Payer,loquitur:--

Please give me Penny,Sir! My hope is almost dead;
You hold the swag in that black bag,And high you lift your head.Some years I have been asking this,
But no one heeds my plea.Will you not give me something then,This year,good Mister G.?oh! please give me a penny!
Please give me a Penny,sir! You won't say "no" to me, Because i'm poor, and feel the pinch Of dreadful "schedule D"! You're so high-dried,and so correct,so honest and austere!Remember the full"Tanner,"Sir,I've stimped up year,And please give me a penny!

Please give me a penny, Sir!
