One person had been hesitated to enlarge the opening.  He was not willing to drain or irrigate the capsule by enlarging that opening. He was thinking that there is no enough proof for any kind of serious trouble and there was no evidence found for any kind of infectious materials inside the injury.  Also he was assured that the wound was not so seriously infected. Usually in such kind of cases, such as the tarsal joint is wounded, it is always very difficult to determine the way of perfect handing for further management.  So there will be always hesitation to enter by force through any joint to the extent of incising its capsule unless there any need for immediate surgery.
If you want tackle this kind of situation successfully, the following suggestions as per Frost [19] can be followed:  
First thing is the treatment recommended by us for open joint has to prevent mainly ankylosis.  As a first step, you have to shave all hair from the surrounding areas of the particular wound. Then you have to clean the entire wound and wound area of the skin and the wound has to be removed all disinfection.  Then you have to inject a twenty percent Lughole’s with glycerin in to the wound.   This type of injection has to be repeated minimum three times a day and in each and every time of injection, you have to inject the enough quantity of solution and it has to be injected also to fill the joint capsule definitely. By doing so, you can secure the flushing effect. Due to the application of this solution, patient will not be suffering from any kind of irritation to the tissue and it is considered as a strong antiseptic it will be helpful to lessen the period of congestion and inflammation.  Also it will be useful to defeat the infection without causing a destruction of the secreting membrane until the external wound has had time to heal. Also the injection of this solution is helping to hold back the excessive secretion of synovia. So the main three causes such as the larger the joint capsule, the smaller the external wound and the longer our antiseptic will remain in contact with the inflamed tissues as the glycerin successfully.  Since the glycerin is being thick, it does not flow through a small opening. After your care is over, again it is more advisable to start to take care of the initial cleansing and treatment on the wound.  Also daily dressing is very essential and according to the conditions of the wound, frequent dressing also more advisable.  Perhaps if the parts are not curing well or if the parts are badly infected and if they are with incessant discharge of pus, a daily change of dressings is necessary. In the average instance, if the wound is remarkably cured or curing day by day then semi-weekly treatments are sufficient. And in many instances, if the patient is ready to travel daily or as per your demand for dressing, dressing once in a week is advisable and the wound will be sufficient after the second treatment. The same procedure and general plan of treatment concerning the subject's comfort that has been previously mentioned in arthritis has to be followed sincerely here also.  A further and detailed consideration of the subject of handling of open joints follows.
Generally, such wounds can be classified in two general groups as follows: First one is, wounds in which the trauma will be exposed the articulation to view.  The second one is those wounds will result the punctures, in which the external wound is small and free drainage is lacking. The first type of wounds in which the articulation is exposed to view will have drainage either all ready provided for, or it is established without hesitancy surgically. In the second type of wounds, with free drainage,  thus established there is little and there is no chance for the adjacent tissues to become infiltrated with infected wound discharge.
