
The near approach of his furious weapon to the seat of pleasure caused him to make fierce efforts
to endeavour to penetrate it, and I could no longer resist the imploring glances he cast upon
me, expressive of his urgent desire that I should enable him to complete his enjoyment. So
making Laura rest her belly on the bed and stretch her legs as far asunder as possible so as
to afford him a fair entrance from behind, I loosened her hold of his arms so far as to enable
him to stoop down sufficiently low, and then taking hold of his flaming weapon I guided it
into the heaven which I felt was burning with desire and eager to receive it. Laura at once
accommodated herself to all his proceedings and finding that her hold of his hands rather obstructed
his progress, she loosened it, and they were soon transferred to her splendid swelling globes,
and then, as he became more and more excited in the hot struggle, were firmly clasped round
her waist so as to bring their bodies into the closest possible contact. Animated by the delicious
scene before my eyes the fiery impatience of my excited organ of pleasure could no longer be
restrained. I threw myself on the lovely boy and almost at the first thrust was plunged up
to the hilt in the delicious buttocks which he thus so temptingly exposed to my eager assault.

Once engulphed I had nothing to do but to keep my place and leave to the energetic struggles
of the other two combatants the task of bringing the warfare to a successful termination.

After a hard fight, during which the utmost endeavours of both parties seemed to be to try
which should be vanquished soonest, it terminated in a drawn battle.

And as I contributed at the same time my share of the spoil, poor Frank's beautiful little
balls of delight were quite inundated both before and behind with the stream which flowed from
himself and me and which mingled with the first tribute his manly prowess had drawn down from
woman and poured in torrents along his thighs. The dear boy was so overcome with the delight
that I thought at first he must have fainted, but I soon discovered it was only the swoon of
pleasure. Raising him up in my arms, as soon as I could disengage my unruly member from the
pleasant quarters it still clung too, I laid him on the bed by the side of Laura who was not
in much better condition and stood equally in need of my assistance.

It is wonderful, however, how soon one recovers from such exhaustion, and in a few minutes
they were both as lively as ever and were actively engaged in the mutual contemplation of each
other's exquisite charms. This pleasant proceeding was enlivened by an animated discussion
regarding the alteration and improvement which each of them discovered the other's beauties
had undergone since they had last been submitted to their mutual inspection, and it cannot
be doubted that Laura was greatly delighted to witness the change in size of the pretty little
champion to which she had given the first lesson.
