As the approach of his furious weapon to the point of pure pleasure challenged him to make fierce efforts to penetrate it, and I could no longer resist his stare that he cast upon me, expressive of his need, his look said that I should enable him to complete his enjoyment. So making Laura rest her belly on the bed and stretch her legs as far as they could possibly go so as to open him a fair entrance from behind, I loosened her hold of his arms so far as to enable him to stoop down very low, and then taking hold of his large weapon I guided it into the walls which I felt was burning with desire and eager to receive it. Laura at once accommodated herself to all his wants and needs  and finding that her hold of his hands rather slowed his progress, she loosened it, and they were soon moved to her two globes, and then, as he became more and more excited in the hot struggle, his hands were firmly clasped round her waist so as to bring their bodies into one. Enjoying the delicious scene before my eyes the fiery impatience of my excited guilt of pleasure could no longer be restrained. I threw myself on the boy and almost at the first thrust was plunged up to the hilt in the delicious buttocks which he thus so temptingly exposed to my eager assault. 

Once I climaxed had nothing to do but to keep my place and leave to the energetic struggles of the other two combatants the task of bringing the warfare to a successful termination. 

After a hard fight, during which the utmost endeavours of both parties seemed to be to try which should be vanquished soonest, it terminated in a drawn. 

And as I contributed at the same time my share of the spoil, poor Frank's beautiful little balls of delight were quite inundated both before and behind with the stream which flowed from himself and me and which mingled with the first tribute his manly prowess had drawn down from woman and poured in torrents along his thighs. The dear boy was so overcome with the delight that I thought at first he must have fainted, but I soon discovered it was only the excitment of pure pleasure. Raising him up in my arms, as soon as I could disengage my unruly member from the pleasant quarters it still clung too, I laid him on the bed by the side of Laura who was not in much better condition and stood equally in need of my assistance. 

It is wonderful, however, how soon one recovers from such exhaustion, and in a few minutes they were both as lively as ever and were actively engaged in the mutual contemplation of each other's exquisite charms. This pleasant proceeding was enlivened by an animated discussion regarding the alteration and improvement which each of them discovered the other's beauties had undergone since they had last been submitted to their mutual inspection, and it cannot be doubted that Laura was greatly delighted to witness the change in size of the pretty little champion to which she had given the first lesson.
