Geoffrey as he went past the news stand by the door. Here are the pictures of favorites or celebrities of the day, prints of the latest photos, play bills and theater works, pictures of women and horses. Over all about the day he was met by mock woman just seen, photos at any size and attitude, each dress, colorful, clear, taken in street dress, the gown, the dress of dinner the robe de chambre, full length and length and a half, with collar, bare, very bare, the boxes handkerchief and cases of perfume were still pictures Gaudier, collar Carey, Carey perfume, King's cigarette favorite, and everything else had any use or service for a beautiful woman. Geoffrey noticed all these things went on, but was struck a moment later by the appearance of a man he thought he knew.

The man wore a dress of gentleman, but the travel-stained and untidy, he stood alone at one of the small tables, with head bowed down on his chest, before it is half glass and crystal decanter filled with brandy. Geoffrey started with surprise, and would be returned, but the man saw him and recognized him. It was Oswald Carey.

The two men looked at each other without speaking for a minute. Finally Carey spoke in a hoarse voice, not his own big day:

"Have you seen my wife?"

Geoffrey began less than the question was asked how.

"Yeah," he said.

"Where is she in the palace -? In court?"

"Yes."

"Damn it," said Carey.

Geoffrey was silent.

"Where you saw it last?" murmured the other.

"Here - in this hotel."

"In this hotel?"

"This morning."

"It is - it is not the King?"

"I think - I do not know," replied Geoffrey. He turned to leave. As he looked at the other, standing there, white-faced, worn with glitter in his eyes reddened, this man who had scorned, there is something in it that ruin a man, after all. Geoffrey also was alone, and his heart warmed to him. He was the one who is not married Eleanor Leigh, Geoffrey. "Carey," he said, " can do nothing here I'm going to West .. Come with me. "

Carey looked at Ripon, puzzled, then broke with a sigh, he caught his hand and staggered to his seat. Ripon observed for the first time that man was crazy with drink.

"Thanks," he said. "I must have something left to do here first .. You know that she betrayed you? That was convicted of treason and Dacre you?"

Geoffrey nodded.

"And you, Ripon - Carey pulled another close to his lips and spoke almost in a whisper -" you're the only man she loved I know. ".

Geoffrey could make no reply. Again, he rose to leave.

"Where are you going?"

Geoffrey smiled and waved his hand vaguely. "To the West."

"Why - I thought - you came on the boat in Windsor -" other off, embarrassed. Geoffrey has been touched by his interest.

"Carey, I will give you a glass of brandy?"
