
As Geoffrey walked in he passed the news-stand by the door. Here are shown the photographs
of the favorites or celebrities of the day, etchings of the latest pictures, play-bills of
the theatres and operas, pictures of women and horses. Everywhere about that day he was met
by the semblance of the woman he had just seen; photographs in every size and attitude, in
every dress, colored, plain; taken in street dress, in house dress, in dinner dress, in robe
de chambre, full length and half length, high-necked, low-necked, very low-necked; on the handkerchief
boxes and the perfumery cases were still gaudier pictures, with the Carey collar, the Carey
perfume, the King's favorite cigarette, and whatever else had any use or service for a pretty
woman. Geoffrey noticed all these things as he passed on, but was struck a moment later by
the appearance of a man he thought he knew.

The man wore the dress of a gentleman, but travel-stained and untidy; he was sitting alone
at one of the little tables, with head bowed down upon his breast; before him stood glasses
and a crystal decanter half filled with brandy. Geoffrey started with surprise, and would have
turned back, but the man saw him and recognized him. It was Oswald Carey.

The two men looked at each other a minute without speaking. Finally Carey spoke, in a hoarse
voice, not his own of older days:

"Have you seen my wife?"

Geoffrey started, less at the question than at the manner in which it was asked.

"Yes," he said.

"Where is she? At the palace--at the court?"

"Yes."

"Damn her," said Carey.

Geoffrey was silent.

"Where did you see her last?" muttered the other.

"Here--in this hotel."

"In this hotel?"

"This morning."

"Is she--is she not with the King?"

"I believe--I do not know," answered Geoffrey. He turned to go. As he looked at the other,
standing there, white-faced, worn, with the glitter in his reddened eyes, this man whom he
had scorned, there was something in him like the ruin of a man after all. Geoffrey, too, was
alone, and his heart warmed to him. It was he who had married Eleanor Leigh, not Geoffrey.
"Carey," said he, "you can do nothing here. I am going to the West. Come with me."

Carey looked at Ripon, puzzled; then, with a broken sob, he grasped his hand and staggered
to his seat. Ripon noticed for the first time that the man was crazy with drink.

"Thank you," said he. "I must stay. I have something to do here first. You know that she betrayed
you? that it was her treason condemned you and Dacre?"

Geoffrey nodded.

"And you, Ripon"--Carey pulled the other close to his lips and spoke almost in a whisper--"you
are the only man that woman ever loved. I know it."

Geoffrey could make no answer. Again he rose to go.

"Where are you going?"

Geoffrey smiled and waved his hand vaguely. "To the West."

"Why?--I thought--you came over in Windsor's yacht--" The other stopped, embarrassed. Geoffrey
was touched by his interest.

"Carey, will you give me a glass of your brandy?"

