Jeffrey walked passed the kiosk at the entrance. Here are shown photographs, or favorite celebrities on the day, the graphics of the latest pictures, play recordings of theater and opera, pictures women and horses. Everywhere around the day he met the woman is just an illusion video, photos, in any size and position, in any dress, in color, plain, take in the street clothes, dresses in the house, the dinner dress, the dress in the Chambre de, full-length and half-length, high-necked, decollete, a very low neck, the handkerchief perfume boxes and cases are still gaudier image collar with Kerry, Kerry perfume, King's favorite cigars, and anything else is any use of the service for Pretti Voman. Geoffrey noticed all these things as he passed, but he hit a moment later the appearance of a man thought to know.

The man was wearing a dress gentleman, but travel-stained and messy, and he was sitting in one of the little table, with his head bowed down on his chest, before him stood a crystal glass and decanter half full of brandy. Jeffrey started with surprise, and to turn back, but the man saw him and recognized him. Kerry was Oswald.

The two looked at each other for minutes without speaking. Finally, Kerry spoke in hoarse voice, not his old days:

"Have you seen my wife?"

Jeffrey started, the less the issue than the way it is asked.

"Yes," he said.

"Where in the palace - on the court?"

"Yes."

"Damn it," said Kerry.

Geoffrei was silent.

"Where did you see her last? muttered the other.

"Here - in this hotel."

"In this hotel?"

"This morning."

"It is - it is not the king?

"I believe - I do not know," replied Jeffrey. He turned to leave. As she looked at the other, standing there, white face, worn with a glow in his eyes red, the man whom he despised, there is something in it as a failure of man after all. Jeffrey also was alone, and his heart warmed to it. He was the one who married Eleanor Lee, not Jeffrey. "Carrie," he said, "You can do anything here I am going to the West .. Come with me."

Carrie looked at Ripon, confused, and then, with a broken sob, he realized his hand and staggered to his seat. Ripon noticed the first time that the man was mad with drink.

"Thank you," he said. "I must stay I have something to do here first .. you know that a traitor? To her treason conviction and Dacre?"

Geoffrey nodded.

"And you, Ripon - Kerry pulled the other close to his mouth and spoke almost in a whisper -" you're the only man who ever loved a woman I know .. "

Jeffrey could not make any response. Again he rose to go.

"Where are you going?"

Jeffrey smiled and waved his hand vaguely. "The West".

"Why - I thought - you come to Windsor's yacht - the other stopped, embarrassed. Jeffrey was touched by their interest.

"Carrie, will you give me your glass of brandy?"
