In the meantime, clo  has answered the knock and Johnson disclosed.

"Madam, the woman who Mr Sands wants to see you immediately, it is very urgent," he announced.

"I will be speaking in a few minutes," she replied. "I just can not come yet."

Johnson left. "She will come in a few minutes," he repeated to Miss Blackburne, who was expecting him at the door half open. "I think," he added, "She is busy, miss."

"In that case," the proposal pearl stringer, "maybe you should call Mr. Sands."

"Very good, miss, I will do so." Johnson moved, and Miss Blackburne withdrew this boudoir.

But it happened to Roger chlorine that can be summoned if Beverley delay.

"What worries Miss Blackburne," she said. "I wonder if it's anything you want him to mix in the Sands, or if you want to attend it yourself? You know, we have plenty of time before ten o'clock. If the papers are in this envelope, that's all right If not, do nothing .. "

Just why Roger did not want to go to Beverley boudoir hardly know her, unless she feared that a pearl may be missing, and that Roger will be more frustrating than he has. Although the engine in her mind, she felt suddenly motivated to hurry. Even with chlorine can not leave her envelope. Wrapping it in handkerchiefs to conceal the address, she rushed out with it in her hand.

"You have sent me, Miss Blackburne?" she asked, as she threw open the door.

The pearl stringer standing by table, looking pale and strange.

"Oh, Mrs. Sands," she exclaimed, "you told me these pearls are in their cases, but we did not find. It was empty. You must put them somewhere else."

Beverley wonder she became temporarily insane, and has hidden the pearls in one place was forgotten. But in her heart she knew nothing of the sort happened.

"No," she said, answering her as Miss Blackburne, "I do not touch the pearls after I put them away, and put them in here Oh, please do not tease me!. This is too serious important! "

"Tease you!" echoed Miss Blackburne. Why, Mrs. Sands, I will not do so well what I want I want to confirm your stay until I want to open the case and pearls.! I do not think that I have for hours before such a fool now! Can you believe I have EE ---- "

"No - no!" Beverley exclaimed, calm by victims of other people. "Of course I believe that there is nothing so foolish even if you - what nonsense to talk about it! -. But even if you'd like pearls, you can not hide it Let me think!. Please I went back in my mind on everything that happened I was in the room next to the fact all the time when I was not here. The door was open .. i can 've seen any one person to enter Oh, can not pearls were stolen. There was no one steal them. "

"What about our little friend, Riley clo?" Miss Blackburne asked. "Maybe she can tell anything can not? She helped with some proposals? I think she is one of the lightest, most agile minds I ever met. Indeed, I also owe my life to it quick. "

Beverley forget the answer. The pearl of the stringer from the thought of her being sent on a new path. Suddenly she became aware that she had deceived himself and Miss Blackburne. When she made that statement, she has not been reflected. Of Clo, in O'Reilly's company, now seems so long ago that she has not left her mind back so far with pearls. She had thought about what she has done since O'Reilly refused her request, and his departure. She had seen pictures of his pearls in their cases since then. But she did not do so. She saw only the case closed, and it was naturally taken for granted that the pearls were in it. As a matter of fact, she had not really seen them since she self-closing cases velvet. Clo can be worked into a boudoir and hidden pearls?

"I will talk to clo," she finally replied, with a look stunned silence after a difficult to understand that Miss Blackburne.

"Stay here. I will be back in three or four minutes, and bring chlorine to me, if she does well enough."

Clo, denuded of the stolen cloak, threw her to the bed rest, and call back the forces of his life for a later attempt. Her nerves were throbbing as hot wire, and she jumped into the open.

"Oh, I'm glad it's you!" she sighed, from the perspective of Beverley. "You have to open the envelope?"

"Envelope" Beverley repeated. "Oh, clo, I thought nothing on earth could have put it out of my head for a second.
