Meanwhile, Clo had responded the bang and disclosed Johnson. 

"Madam, the woman who came with Mr. Sands desires to glimpse you immediately; it's very urgent," he announced. 

"Say I'll be there in a couple of minutes," she replied. "I can't arrive just yet." 

Johnson departed. "Madam will arrive in a couple of minutes," he recurring to Miss Blackburne, who had been apprehensively awaiting him at a half-open door. "I think," he supplemented, "she is engaged, miss." 

"In that case," proposed the pearl-stringer, "perhaps you'd better call Mr. Sands." 

"Very well, overlook, I'll manage so." Johnson turned away, and Miss Blackburne withdrew to the boudoir. 

But it appeared to Clo that Roger might be summoned if Beverley delayed. 

"Something should be being concerned Miss Blackburne," she said. "I marvel if it's any thing you'd like Mr. Sands to blend up in, or if you'd rather join to it yourself- You understand, we've allotments of time before 10 o'clock. If the papers are in this wrapper, it's all right. If not, there's not anything doing." 

Just why Beverley did not desire Roger to proceed to her boudoir she barely knew, except she dreaded that a pearl might be missing, and that Roger would be more vexed than he was already. Whatever the motive in her brain, she sensed abruptly impelled to haste. Even with Clo she could not depart the envelope. Wrapping it in the handkerchief to conceal the address, she rushed off with it in her hand. 

"You dispatched for me, Miss Blackburne-" she inquired, as she chucked open the door. 

The pearl-stringer stood by the table, looking fair and strange. 

"Oh, Mrs. Sands," she called out, "you notified me the pearls were in their case, but they're not. I discovered it empty. You should have prepared them somewhere else." 

Beverley marvelled if she had become for the time being insane, and had concealed the pearls in a location currently forgotten. But in her heart she knew that not anything of the sort had happened. 

"No," she said, responding herself as well as Miss Blackburne, "I didn't feel the pearls after I put them away, and conveyed them in here. Oh, delight don't tease me! This is too serious!" 

"Tease you!" echoed Miss Blackburne. "Why, Mrs. Sands, I wouldn't manage such a thing! I desire to goodness I'd asserted on your residing till I'd opened the case and counted the pearls. I don't believe I was ever so foolish before! Now, perhaps you'll accept as factual that I've sto----" 

"No--no!" called out Beverley, calmed by the other's distress. "Of course I accept as factual not anything so foolish. Even if you--what absurdity to talk of it!--but even if you liked the pearls, you couldn't conceal them. Let me think! Let me proceed back in my brain over everything that happened. I was in the next room virtually all the time when I wasn't here. The doorway was open between. I could have glimpsed any one who came in. Oh, the pearls can't have been stolen. There's been no one to rob them." 

"What about our little ally, Clo Riley-" Miss Blackburne asked. "Could she probably understand anything- Mightn't she assist with some suggestion- I considered hers one of the brightest, quickest minds I ever met. Indeed, I owe my life to its quickness." 

Beverley forgot to answer. The pearl-stringer's phrases had dispatched her ideas journeying along a new path. Suddenly she became cognizant that she had deceived Miss Blackburne and herself. When she made that declaration, she had not reflected. Clo's come back, in O'Reilly's business, now appeared so long before that she had not cast her brain back so far in attachment with the pearls. She had considered of what she had finished since O'Reilly's denial of her demand, and his departure. She had pictured herself as having glimpsed the pearls in their case since then. But she had not finished so. She had glimpsed only the shut case, and had routinely taken it for conceded that the pearls were in it. As a issue of detail, she had not really glimpsed them since she herself shut the velvet case. Could Clo probably have dashed into the boudoir and concealed the pearls- 

"I'll talk to Clo," she eventually answered, with a dazed gaze after a quiet that mystified Miss Blackburne. 

"Please stay here. I'll be back in three or four minutes, and convey Clo with me, if she's well enough." 

Clo, denuded of the thieved cloak, had flung herself upon the bed to rest, and call back the force of her vitality for a subsequent effort. Her nerves were throbbing like warm wires, and she leapt at the unfastening of the door. 

"Oh, I'm pleased it's you!" she sighed, at view of Beverley. "Have you opened the envelope-" 

"The envelope!" Beverley repeated. "Oh, Clo, I considered not anything on soil could have put it out of my head for a second.
