The Navy Department, in short, have neglected nothing that will serve to enhance the safety of our ships at sea, and many important schemes have been applied. But when all is said and done the defensive elements and, apparently, must remain subordinate to protection as applied from without, the protection of their fleet DESTROYERS depth-bomb, their great speed, and their ability to maneuver quickly. Our fleet aviators, in fact, was the first American fighter forces on the ground in European soil after war is declared. Here's the story said the standard EA Stone, United States Naval Reserve, after he was rescued from the Channel, where he clung together for 80 hours without food and drink under-side of a pontoon seaplane capsized. "I left our station as a British seaplane pilot, with low lieutenant Moore of the Royal Naval Air Service as observer, at 9:00 in the morning. Our duty is to convoy patrols. When two hours out there meet our ships coming from the west, we thought we sighted a periscope ahead, and turned into goals. We lost our course. Our search engine has dropped dead, and at 11:30 o'clock forced us to land a rough sea surface. We had no kite or radio to call for help, so we released our two-carrier pigeons. We tied a message to our position and the word 'sunset' with each other. The first, the blue-barred one, flew straight off and did at home. But the other, which is white-checked, lit on our machine and will not budge until our navigation Moore threw him clock , which probably upset him so that he has failed us.

"Heavy smashed including our tail-plane, keeping repairs. I saw that they were stretched by the machine back down, turning her over. We tore the fabric tail to reduce the impact of wave. It does not use any. The tail is flat and smashed his box filled with water.

"It has increased the downward movement and raised her perpendicularly into the air. At 14:30 we capsized. We climbed up the nose and 'above' under-side of the pontoons. Our emergency ration is the observer's seat back , but we are so busy trying to repair the motor and save ourselves from coming back that we do not remember it until late. When I crawled aft food for Moore saw that I was helping machine in the keel. She yelled at me to come back and I did, just in time to save myself from being brought down tail and drowned.

"From then on for almost four days, until picked up by a trawler, we are constantly soaked and lashed by the sea, and with nothing to eat or drink. We had no hold on, and so to keep from being washed into the water we got both pontoon and hugged our arms about each other's bodies for the entire time. We suffered from thirst. I was an extremely longing for canned peaches. Twice a shower came on, wet the pontoon. We turned our stomachs and lapped up the moisture, but the paint came off, with salt, and nauseated us. Our limbs grew numb. From time to time the debris from torpedoed ships will pass. Two full-biscuit tins come close enough to swim for, but by then our weakened state knew we would drown if we tried to get them. We can haul in a third and broke it open, it was filled with tobacco.

"Every day we saw convoys of distance and ineffective waved our handkerchiefs. We had no signal light to use at night. Our watches stopped, and we lost all track of time. We realized how easy This is for a submarine out there to escape stains. On Sunday night we spied a masthead light and shouted. The ship began to circle and catch us. We saw her port light. And when the crew is visible on the deck of the ship, he suddenly put out his lights and turned away.

"'she thinks we are Huns,' said Moore.

"'I hope he does,' said I. 'And they would send a patrol boat out to get us." We can not be worse off if we were Germans. "

"But there is no rescue came. The next afternoon a seaplane came from the east.
