That is why there is a welcoming into the teapot.

When using a stove extinguished the heat, the food on the stove before cooking, it will be placed on the board extinct - tight ship in which food is completely surrounded by an insulating material to prevent rapid release of heat, which thus remain in food in enough to finish cooking. Sometimes, when the cooking temperature is desirable as an additional source of heat in the form of soap or hot stone brick or sheet iron, as the lid of the oven, place in a container of food.

The same principle applies also in the kitchen, in other respects. For example, in grains of country life are often supported by burying the pots in the night, the hot rocks and ash, being covered with earth, the ground Bake "on the Atlantic coast, the spread of wet seaweed on the coals for seafood to prevent leakage of heat during cooking. Farmers in some parts of Europe, he said, to start cooking lunch, and then put them in a box of hay or between a sentence, so that cooking can be completed while the family is not in camp.

The main advantages of a card of extinction as follows:

1. This saves fuel, especially in cases of fire, oil, gas or electric are used. Where coal or wood is the fuel, the fire in the frequency range remained much of the day and fuel economy is not as great. In the summer, or if the kitchen fire is not needed for heating, dinner can be started early in the morning cooking and then placed in the oven extinguished the fire in the band can go. In hot weather, use of kerosene stove or other liquid fuels and clean kitchen is very convenient, since it carries not only fuel economy but also helps keep the kitchen cooler. Fuel savings resulting from the use of a plate of extinction and many more in the kitchen, such as stews that require long slow cooking.

2. It saves you time. Cooked food so do not need supervision, and can go without the danger of fire or cook more, while other functions are performed or family away from home.

3. It keeps the flavor of foods and makes it easier to use cheaper cuts of meat, not having a wonderful texture and taste, full, like food, free for free, as the more expensive cuts. Long cooking at a relatively low temperature, for example, gives food to a card extinct, improves the taste and texture of the pieces of tough meat. Most people do not produce grain for long enough. With this method, the great can be prepared during the night, prepared on the stove for 15 minutes and then put on a plate of extinction. The next morning she would cook and serve.

Extinct card can be used to advantage in the preparation of the following: soup, roast beef, beef stew, Irish stew, lamb stew, corned beef and cabbage, ham, beans, stew, vegetables like turnip, carrot, parsnip, beets, pulses, such as peas and beans, and fruits like peach, apple, apricot, plums, and cereals and puddings.

Extinct card described in the following pages, not experiments. All were tested and more practical.

Destination card extinct - no. I

Although there are many good advices extinct in the market are 5-22 dollars depending on the size and make, then we can build a homemade stove that gives very good results and is much cheaper than the market in stores.

Materials needed: boxes, or containers outside, some good insulation and packaging materials inside the container for the kettle, or lining for the nest in which the pitcher, the pitcher for the food industry, as well as cushions or panels with insulating material to cover the top of the appliance.

Outside container

For the container exterior and constructed wooden boxes, as shown in Figure 39 is satisfactory. The walls must be thick and some non-conductive materials. The old trunk, a small barrel, and a large butter or lard or tin drum will serve this purpose. Another possibility is a galvanized iron bucket fill well equipped (it has the advantage that the fire). Shoe Box 15-15 to 28 inches of comfortable size, it can be divided into two compartments.
