Lost, no, the roses in the garden wall, illuminated by the moon in Barbizon, accompanied by the fairy forest of Fontainebleau; forgotten wet wild clover fields of Indians in my childhood. All gone, gone, before this concert olfactory transport of hops and scallops, Rhine and vineyards Käse Highlands. And here it is, here in the great German outside the gates, on the border of Lake Hundekehlen, with an agile Kellner beside me, with plain, the German welcoming people to the right and left of me, the Stars is beginning to silver in the water in silence, with the band promise me a boring and meaningless of America, in a spirit of this kaiserwelt, with the innocent eyes right under the tree Fräulein intermittently englishing their flirtatious glances of eisschokolade which only obliges them - it is here I like to wait for the escalation of the moon in the sky over Berlin - here's what I like to wait overnight for the city.

Ah, Berlin how little the world knows you - you and your children! It appears that the fat of the figure, an Adam's apple struggling with all vocal heavy temperament. You seem a sad and Mrs. varicose, curtains hung heavy and ridiculous in a rich. You can see a fat, paunchy, stupid fights Undine awkwardly from a giant beer Cuba. His music is heard in the ta-Tata-Tata-ta-ta of "Lieber Augustin" mere sum of his feelings in his nicht "Ich weiss is Soll was bedeutet." Sage American journalists will explore your soul has been characteristic of announcing that "Your way German" (Synonyms of America: elephant, phlegmatic, heavy, clumsy, slow) is desperate for you in this tough Lech motherland the "Spirit of Paris" (synonymous with America: silk stockings, the wine "," Maxim's, jevousaime, Rat Mort). Also announced the "mechanical" pleasures, your light weight of the heart, his essay imperturbable, stoic get yourself a tiger bites as Cosmopolitan, the Ms-frouishness of flirting capital of the border. Wise old philosophers! Translation of you in terms of castles of prostitution, the Palais de Danse, his admirals, casinos that translate in terms of its purpose false Victoria, his Cafés Riche, his Fledermaus. In addition to representing the spirit of Vienna in the central Kärntnerstrasse eleven o'clock at night, Austria, and reproduce the spirit of Paris divided in Montmartre, the tone of their Pré Catelan gray dawn. Sing London from Astor Club, sings his New York Bryant Park, Moon Tide, Rector is, its ridiculous Cafe San Souci and Mrs. Hunter. 'Twere the same.

Pleasure in the body, yes, more necessarily is mechanical, a levee at Buckingham Palace, a party in velvet terraces sloping into the sea in Newport, a once festive Coney Island, the power a city of the golden tinsel.

But the essence of a city is never here. Berlin in the wanderlust of its dark sky, is not fishing Minna breast augmentation, begarneted, crimson lips grab your bait dancing at Behrenstrasse or satin dresses, eyeliner Amelie Ogling the "reserved" table in the farce called the Moulin Rouge stupid, not even the most baby- then laughing Ertrude blouse Dunton Café Lang. Berlin is not call her night on Friedrichstrasse, neither disheveled she who sings in the coffin-cabarets that hang over Lichtprunksaal. Berlin, under the stars, the sound of soldiers singing near the arch of the Brandenburg Gate, the peaceful Bauer and his wife Ana and young daughter Mia Purple and presented before the stretcher Abend at an empty table on the page Jägerstraße extreme darkness. Berlin, when the sky is blue, Heinrich, private rear brave Regiment 31 public and ADO noise around the waist of her angel latest in a bank in the promenade Linden - Berlin in Inverness tonight, Hulda, rebellious little Alsace - France a rebel - a rebel to the Vosges and vineyards - Hulda, provinces behind her and in her heart, not to rule forever, the spirit of Wilhelm who Grösste capital. In the spirit of Berlin are laughing at a beautiful girl, clean and healthy - not neurotic smirk of a warehouse devastated Madeleine road, not the shrill laughter of a boat flying Piccadilly, no meaningful and a Toothy ray American badger fair - none of this.
