Forgotten, yes, the rose on the moonlit garden wall in Barbizon, chaperoned by the fairy forest of Fontainebleau; forget moisture wild clover fields of my boyhood Indiana. All hops out of sight, gone, before the concert olfactory behavior and schnitzels, District vineyards of the Rhine and upland käse. And it is here, in the German major out-doors, on the border of the lake Hundekehlen, with Kellner at my elbow gait, with the simple, such that the German people to the right and left of me, with the starting at silver star in the silent water, the band raised me, a drab and Absurd America, in the spirit of this kaiserwelt, and with the innocent eyes of the last fräulein under a tree watching their englishing udaí occasionally coquettish from eisschokolade that masks itself - here it is like the best to bide climbing the moon in the sky over Berlin - it is here that I like best to wait for the city at night.

Ah, Berlin, how little the world knows you - you and your children! You can see his fat figure, Adam's apple struggling with the vowel for all, a ponderous mood. He sees you and you remove varicose mistress, whose hang heavy draperies and ludicrous for pudgy form. He sees you portly, pursy, Undine Ideal struggling out awkwardly from cyclopean beer vat. he hears music in the Tata-Tata-ta-ta-ta's "size, du Lieber Augustin" alone gave the sum of your attitude in your nicht "ICH soll es bedeuten Weiss." Wise American journalists, commissioned to explore your soul, characteristically be back to announce that you "In your German way" (American synonyms: elephantine, phlegmatic, stodgy, clumsy, sluggish) seek proper dead , in a ferocious Lech city, the "spirit of Paris" (American synonyms: silk stockings, "wine," Maxim's, jevousaime, Rat Mort). Announce that they are also "mechanical" pleasures, to light-heartedness weighty, for stolid, essay stocks take unto themselves, yet in our cosmopolitan itch to tigerish, the frou-frouishness flirting capital across borders. Philosopher Wise old! Translation for you in terms of prostitution palaces, the Palais of Danse, the Admirals-Casinos; you move in terms of your business Victorias spurious, for Cafés Riche, to Fledermauses. Also for the spirit of Vienna in the key Kärntnerstrasse at eleven at night, Austria, as well as the role of the spirit of Paris in the discords of Montmartre, in the pre Catélan leaden park at sunrise. Sing from the Club of London Astor; about New York from moontide Bryant Park, the Rector's, a ridiculous Café San Souci and Hunter's Madam. Twere 'likewise.

The pleasure in the mass, incidentally, never mechanical perforce; platforms to levee at Buckingham Palace, the Festival of the velvet sloping into the sea Newport, gangfest Coney Island, the city's electrical nest gilt and tinsel.

But city great content here. Berlin is not in a heaven wanderlust dhorchaigh, the strength-bosomed, begarneted, Gerry-lipped Minna Meadow angling a gaudy dance in Behrenstrasse; than satin-coated, Amelie penciled-eyed ogling from a "reserved table" in sham stupid called Moulin Rouge; is even more dependent the child, laughing in duntoned Ertrude shirtwaisted Café Lang. it is not a Berlin Friedrichstrasse beckons at night; than it frowsy gcanann the bier-Lichtprunksaal cabarets to hover about. Berlin, under the stars, the sound of soldiers singing the arch near the Brandenburger Tor, the peaceful and Hannah Bauer and his frau young daughters Mia Lilla and deposited before their bier abend bare table at the side The amount Jägerstrasse dark. Berlin, is when the navy blue sky, Heinrich, private rear gallant of Regiment 31, public and audible noise encircling the waist of engel latest bench in the promenade Linden - Berlin, in Inverness for the night, and Hulda , a small Alsatian rebel - a rebel to France - a rebel to the vineyards and the Vosges - Hulda, the provinces behind her, and his heart, there to rule forever, the spirit of the capital of Grösste der Wilhelm. For the spirit of laughter Berlin without nice girl, clean and healthy - the neurotic simper on goods Madeleine destroying the highway, not the bark of a raucous giggle Piccadilly sails, not the toothy beam meaningfull and treatment of American badger - none of these.
