Forgotten, there is roses on moonlit garden wall in Barbizon, chaperoned by adventure from the forest of Fontainebleau; forgotten fields damp wild clover of Indiana of my boyhood. All disappeared, away before the olfactory transports of this concert of hops and schnitzels, Rhineland vineyards and plateaux käse. And here it is, here in the great German out-of-doors, on the edge of Hundekehlen Lake, with a stylish kellner on my elbow, with plain, homey German people to the right and left for me, with stars begin to silver in quiet water, with the band lifting me, a dull and absurd American, for the spirit of this kaiserwelt, and with the righteous fräulein under yonder wood periodic englishing their coquettish position from the eisschokolade, which alone should involve them innocent eyes – here is it that I best bite climbing of the Moon in the airspace of Berlin-it is here, I best to wait for the city's night. 

Ah, Berlin, how little the world know you--you and your children! It looks you grease of figure, Adam's Apple struggling with your each vowel, Tung of temperament. It looks you a Sullen and varicose Mistress whose drapes hang heavy and ridiculous from a pudgy form. It looks you portly, pursy, foolish Undine struggling meeting from out of a cyclopean VAT of beer. It hears the music in the ta-tata-tata-Ta-ta of your "Ach, du lieber Augustin" alone; the sum of your mood in your "Ich weiss nicht was soll es bedeuten." Wise American journalists, commissioned to explore your soul, turned a characteristic to announce to you "In your German way" (American synonyms: elephantine, phlegmatic, stodgy, clumsy, sluggish) searches desperately to appropriate in grim lech, metropolitan areas, "the spirit of Paris" (American synonyms: Silk stockings, "wine" Maxims, jevousaime, Rat Mort). They also Inform your "mechanical" pleasures, your bread-and-butter light heartedness, your stolid, stoic essay to take for yourself, still in tigerish itch to cosmopolitan, frou-frouishness of the flirting capital across the border. Wise old philosophers! Translate you in your palaces of prostitutes, thy Palais de Danse, your Admirals-casinos; translates you in your deliberately false Victorias, your rice in cafes, your Fledermauses. As well as reproduce the spirit of Vienna in key in Kärntnerstrasse on eleven of the Austrian night; as well play spirit in Paris in discords in its Montmartre, in the leaden pitch of its Pré Catélan at sunrise. Sing of London from Astor Club; sing in New York from its Bryant Park at moontide, its Rector, his ridiculous Café San Souci and its Mrs Hunter. ' Twere immediately. 

Delight in the mass, is moreover perforce ever mechanical; a dyke at Buckingham Palace, en fête on velvet sloping terraces in Newport the sea, a Coney Island gangfest, a city's electrical the gilt must be available and tinsel. 

But the core of a city is never here. Berlin, in wanderlust of its dark heavens, is not ample-bosomed, begarneted, crimson clover-lipped Minna angling in its gaudy dance decoy in Behrenstrasse; nor the satin-clad, pencilled-eyes Amelie ogling from her "reserved" table in the stupid Sham called Moulin Rouge; nor even more baby-just, shirtwaisted Ertrude laughs in the duntoned Café Lang. Berlin is not her who benefit night in Friedrichstrasse; nor her frowsy, who sings in the bees-cabarets, hover about Lichtprunksaal. Berlin is under the stars, the sound of soldiers song near arc of the Brandenburg Gate, the peaceful bauer and its frau Hannah and his young daughters Purple and Mia submitted before their abend bees on a bare table in the darker side of the far Jägerstrasse. Berlin, when the air is navy Blue, Heinrich, gallant rear private of regiment 31, publicly and with acoustic ado encircling the waist of his latest Angel on a bench in Linden promenade--Berlin, in Inverness in the night, is a little Alsatian Hulda, rebel--a rebel to France--a rebel to the Vosges and the vineyards--Hulda, provinces behind her and in her heart, to rule forever, spirit of Wilhelm der Grösste capital. For the spirit in Berlin is laughter of a beautiful, clean and healthy girl--not neurotic simper of a destroyed ware of Madeleine motorway, giggle not the raucous of a bark, sail Piccadilly, not meaningfull and toothy beam of the fair American Badger--none of these. 

 

A forgotten, there, the are the Roses on the moonlit garden wall in Barbizon, chaperoned by the fairy forest of Fontainebleau; forgotten the steam wild clover fields of the Indiana of my boyhood. 

All vanished, gone, before the olfactory transports of this concert of hops and schnitzels, of Rhineland vineyards and upland käse. 

And here it is, here in the great German out-of-doors, on the border of the Hundekehlen lake, with a nimble kellner to my elbow, with the plain, homely German people to the right and left of me, with the star's beginning two silver in the silent water, with the band lifting me, (a) killing and absurd American, into the spirit of this kaiserwelt, and with the innocent eyes of the fair fräulein under yonder tree intermittently englishing their coquettish glances from the eisschokolade that should alone engage them--here it is that I like best two bite the climbing of the moon into the skies over Berlin--here it is that I like best to wait upon the city's night. 

Ah, Berlin, how little the world knows you--you and your children! 

It's you fat of figure, an Adam's apple struggling with your every vowel, ponderous of temperament. 

It's you (a sullen and varicose mistress, whose draperies hung heavy and ludicrous from a pudgy form. 

It's you (a) the portly, pursy, titled titled foolish Undine struggling awkwardly from out a cyclopean wadding of beer. 

It hears your music in the ta-tata-tata-Ta-ta of your "Ach, du lieber Augustin" alone; the sum of your sentiment in your "Ich weiss nicht was soll es bedeuten." 

Wise American journalists, commissioned to explore your soul, have returned characteristically two announce that you "in your German way" (American synonyms: elephantine, phlegmatic, stodgy, clumsy, sluggish) seek desperately two ' appropriate ', in ferocious lech to be metropolitan, the "spirit of Paris" (American synonyms: silk stockings, "wine," Maxim 's, jevousaime, Rat Mort). 

They also Announce your "mechanical" Lauder's Lauder's pleasures perfume perfume, your weighty light heartedness, your stolid, stoic essay to take unto yourself, still in tigerish itch to be Cosmo, the frou-frouishness of the flirting capital over the frontier. 

Wise old philosophers! 

Translating you in terms of your Palace of prostitution, your Palais de Danse, your Admirals-Casinos; translating you in terms of your purposely spurious Victorias, your Riche Cafés, your Fledermauses. 

As well render the spirit of Vienna in the key of the Kärntnerstrasse to the student of the Austrian night; as well play the spirit of Paris in the discords of its Montmartre, in the leaden pitch of its Pré Catélan two sunrise. 

Sing of London from the Astor Club; sing of New York from its Bryant Park at moontide, its Rector 's, its ridiculous Café San Souci and its Madam Hunter 's. 

' Twere the same. 

The Palais des sports in the mass, incidentally, is perforce Indianapolis "mechanical; a levee two Buckingham Palace, a fête on the velvet terraces sloping into the Newport sea, a Coney Island gangfest, a city's electric the of gilt and tinsel. 

But the essence of a city is never here. 

Berlin, in the wanderlust of its darkened heavens, is not the Paseo de Gracia, 13-bosomed, begarneted, crimson-lipped Minna angling in its gaudy dance decoy in the Behrenstrasse; nor the satin-clad, pencilled-eyed Amelie ogling from here "reserved" table in the silly sham called Moulin Rouge; nor yet the more baby glanced, shirtwaisted Ertrude laughing in the duntoned Café Lang. Berlin is not "she who beckons city night in the Friedrichstrasse; nor the frowsy" she who sings in the bee 's-cabarets that hover about the Lichtprunksaal. 

Berlin, under the stars, is the sound of singing soldiers near the arch of the Brandenburg Gate, the peaceful bauer and his frau Hannah and his young daughters Purple and Mia lodged before their abend bee's two a bare table on the darker side of the father Jägerstrasse. 

Berlin, when skies are navy blue, ice Heinrich, gallant rear private of Regiment 31, publicly and with audible ado encircling the waist of his most recent Angel on a bench in the Linden promenade--Berlin, in the Inverness of night, ice Hulda, little Alsatian rebel--a rebel two France--a rebel to the Vosges and the vineyards--Hulda, the provinces behind here, here and in heart, there are two rule forever, the spirit of the capital of Wilhelm der Grösste. 

For the spirit of Berlin is the laughter of a pretty clean and healthy girl--not the neurotic simper of a devastated ware of the Madeleine highway, not the raucous giggle of a bark that sails Piccadilly, not the meaningfull and toothy beam of a fair American badger--none of these. 

 

Glemt, der, er roser på moonlit haven væggen i Barbizon, chaperoned ved eventyret skoven af Fontainebleau; glemt felterne fugtig vilde kløver af Indiana af min boyhood. Alle forsvundet, væk, før de olfaktive transporter af denne koncert af humle og schnitzels, Rheinland vinmarker og højlandet käse. Og her er det, her i den store tyske out-of-doors, på kanten af Hundekehlen søen, med en smarte kellner på min albue, med almindelig, hjemlig tyske folk til højre og til venstre for mig, med stjerner begynder at sølv i stille vand, med bandet ophævelse mig, en kedelig og absurd amerikaner, til ånden i denne kaiserwelt, og med den retfærdige fräulein under yonder træ periodisk englishing deres coquettish holdning fra den eisschokolade, som alene bør inddrage dem uskyldige øjne – her er det at jeg bedst at bide klatring af månen i luftrummet over Berlin--det er her, jeg bedst at vente på byens nat. Ah, Berlin, hvor lidt verden kender du--du og dine børn! Det ser du fedt af figur, Adam's æble kæmper med din hver vokal, tung af temperament. Det ser du en Suldal og varicose elskerinde, hvis forhæng hænge tungt og latterlig fra en pudgy form. Det ser du portly, pursy, tåbelige Undine kæmper mødet fra ud af en cyclopean moms af øl. Det hører musikken i den ta-tata-tata-ta-ta af din "Ach, du lieber Augustin" alene; summen af din stemning i din "Ich weiss nicht var soll es bedeuten." Kloge amerikanske journalister, bestilt til at udforske din sjæl, vendt karakteristisk for at meddele, at du "I dine tyske måde" (amerikanske synonymer: elephantine, phlegmatic, stodgy, klodset, træg) søger desperat at hensigtsmæssigt, i grumme lech skal storbyområder, "ånden i Paris" (amerikanske synonymer: silke strømper, "vin," Maxims, jevousaime, Rat Mort). Meddele de også din "mekanisk" fornøjelserne, din vægtige light-heartedness, dit stolid, stoic essay at tage til dig selv, stadig i tigerish kløe skal kosmopolitisk, frou-frouishness af den flirtende kapital over grænsen. Kloge gamle filosoffer! Oversætte du i din paladser af prostitution, din Palais de Danse, din Admirals-kasinoer; oversætter du i din bevidst falske Victorias, din ris under cafeer, din Fledermauses. Samt gengive ånd af Wien i nøglen i Kärntnerstrasse på elleve af den østrigske nat; som godt spille ånden i Paris i discords i dens Montmartre, i leaden tonehøjden for dens Pré Catélan ved solopgang. Synge af London fra Astor Club; synge i New York fra dens Bryant Park ved moontide, dens Rector, sin latterlige Café San Souci og dens fru Hunter. ' Twere det samme. Glæde i massen, er i øvrigt perforce nogensinde mekaniske; et dige på Buckingham Palace, en fête på velvet terraces skrånende i Newport havet, en Coney Island gangfest, en byens elektrisk den gylten og tinsel. Men kernen i en by er aldrig her. Berlin, i wanderlust af dens mørke himlene, er ikke den rigelige-bosomed, begarneted, blodkløver-lipped Minna lystfiskeri i dens gaudy dans lokkefugle i Behrenstrasse; heller ikke den satin-pletterede, pencilled-øjne Amelie ogling fra hendes "reserverede" tabel i den dumme fingeret kaldes Moulin Rouge; heller ikke endnu mere baby-bare, shirtwaisted Ertrude griner i duntoned Café Lang. Berlin er ikke hende, der drager om natten i Friedrichstrasse; og heller ikke den frowsy hende, der synger i de bier-kabareter, peges om Lichtprunksaal. Berlin, er under stjernerne, lyden af soldater sang nær bue af Brandenburger Tor, den fredelige bauer og sin frau Hannah og sin unge døtre Lilla og Mia indgivet inden deres abend bier på en ikke-byggemodnede tabel i mørkere side af den langt Jägerstrasse. Berlin, når luften er navy blå, er Heinrich, galante bageste private af regiment 31, offentligt og med akustisk ado omkredsende taljen af hans seneste engel på en bænk i Linden promenade--Berlin, i Inverness i nat, er Hulda, lidt alsacisk rebel--en rebel til Frankrig--en rebel til Vosges og vinmarkerne--Hulda, provinserne bag hende, og i hendes hjerte, der til regel for evigt, ånd af Wilhelm der Grösste kapital. For ånden i Berlin er latter af en smuk, rene og sunde pige--ikke neurotic simper af en ødelagt ware af Madeleine motorvejen, giggle ikke den raucous af en bark, sejl Piccadilly, ikke meaningfull og toothy beam af en retfærdig amerikanske Grævling--ingen af disse. Glæde i massen, er i øvrigt perforce nogensinde mekaniske; et dige på Buckingham Palace, en fête på velvet terraces skrånende i Newport havet, en Coney Island gangfest, en byens elektrisk den gylten og tinsel. Forgotten, there, are the roses on the moonlit garden wall in Barbizon, chaperoned by the fairy forest of Fontainebleau; forgotten the damp wild clover fields of the Indiana of my boyhood. All vanished, gone, before the olfactory transports of this concert of hops and schnitzels, of Rhineland vineyards and upland käse. And here it is, here in the great German out-of-doors, on the border of the Hundekehlen lake, with a nimble kellner at my elbow, with the plain, homely German people to the right and left of me, with the stars beginning to silver in the silent water, with the band lifting me, a drab and absurd American, into the spirit of this kaiserwelt, and with the innocent eyes of the fair fräulein under yonder tree intermittently englishing their coquettish glances from the eisschokolade that should alone engage them--here it is that I like best to bide the climbing of the moon into the skies over Berlin--here it is that I like best to wait upon the city's night. Ah, Berlin, how little the world knows you--you and your children! It sees you fat of figure, an Adam's apple struggling with your every vowel, ponderous of temperament. It sees you a sullen and varicose mistress, whose draperies hang heavy and ludicrous from a pudgy form. It sees you a portly, pursy, foolish Undine struggling awkwardly from out a cyclopean vat of beer. It hears your music in the ta-tata-tata-ta-ta of your "Ach, du lieber Augustin" alone; the sum of your sentiment in your "Ich weiss nicht was soll es bedeuten." Wise American journalists, commissioned to explore your soul, have returned characteristically to announce that you "In your German way" (American synonyms: elephantine, phlegmatic, stodgy, clumsy, sluggish) seek desperately to appropriate, in ferocious lech to be metropolitan, the "spirit of Paris" (American synonyms: silk stockings, "wine," Maxim's, jevousaime, Rat Mort). Announce they also your "mechanical" pleasures, your weighty light-heartedness, your stolid, stoic essay to take unto yourself, still in tigerish itch to be cosmopolitan, the frou-frouishness of the flirting capital over the frontier. Forgotten, there, are the roses on the moonlit garden wall in Barbizon, chaperoned by the fairy forest of Fontainebleau; forgotten the damp wild clover fields of the Indiana of my boyhood. All vanished, gone, before the olfactory transports of this concert of hops and schnitzels, of Rhineland vineyards and upland käse. And here it is, here in the great German out-of-doors, on the border of the Hundekehlen lake, with a nimble kellner at my elbow, with the plain, homely German people to the right and left of me, with the stars beginning to silver in the silent water, with the band lifting me, a drab and absurd American, into the spirit of this kaiserwelt, and with the innocent eyes of the fair fräulein under yonder tree intermittently englishing their coquettish glances from the eisschokolade that should alone engage them--here it is that I like best to bide the climbing of the moon into the skies over Berlin--here it is that I like best to wait upon the city's night. Ah, Berlin, how little the world knows you--you and your children! Wise old philosophers! Translating you in terms of your palaces of prostitution, your Palais de Danse, your Admirals-Casinos; translating you in terms of your purposely spurious Victorias, your Riche Cafés, your Fledermauses. As well render the spirit of Vienna in the key of the Kärntnerstrasse at eleven of the Austrian night; as well play the spirit of Paris in the discords of its Montmartre, in the leaden pitch of its Pré Catélan at sunrise. Sing of London from the Astor Club; sing of New York from its Bryant Park at moontide, its Rector's, its ridiculous Café San Souci and its Madam Hunter's. 'Twere the same. Pleasure in the mass, incidentally, is perforce ever mechanical; a levee at Buckingham Palace, a fête on the velvet terraces sloping into the Newport sea, a Coney Island gangfest, a city's electric den of gilt and tinsel. But the essence of a city is never here. Berlin, in the wanderlust of its darkened heavens, is not the ample-bosomed, begarneted, crimson-lipped Minna angling in its gaudy dance decoy in the Behrenstrasse; nor the satin-clad, pencilled-eyed Amelie ogling from her "reserved" table in the silly sham called Moulin Rouge; nor yet the more baby-glanced, shirtwaisted Ertrude laughing in the duntoned Café Lang. Berlin is not she who beckons by night in the Friedrichstrasse; nor the frowsy she who sings in the bier-cabarets that hover about the Lichtprunksaal. It's you fat of figure, an Adam's apple struggling with your every vowel, ponderous of temperament. It's you (a sullen and varicose mistress, whose draperies hung heavy and ludicrous from a pudgy form. It's you (a) the portly, pursy, titled foolish Undine struggling awkwardly from out a cyclopean wadding of beer. It hears your music in the ta-tata-tata-Ta-ta of your "Ach, du lieber Augustin" alone; the sum of your sentiment in your "Ich weiss nicht was soll es bedeuten." Wise American journalists, commissioned to explore your soul, have returned characteristically two announce that you "in your German way" (American synonyms: elephantine, phlegmatic, stodgy, clumsy, sluggish) seek desperately two ' appropriate ', in ferocious lech to be metropolitan, the "spirit of Paris" (American synonyms: silk stockings, "wine," Maxim 's, jevousaime, Rat Mort). They also Announce your "mechanical" Lauder's pleasures perfume, your weighty light heartedness, your stolid, stoic essay to take unto yourself, still in tigerish itch to be Cosmo, the frou-frouishness of the flirting capital over the frontier. Berlin, under the stars, is the sound of soldiers singing near the arch of the Brandenburger Tor, the peaceful bauer and his frau Hannah and his young daughters Lilla and Mia lodged before their abend bier at a bare table on the darker side of the far Jägerstrasse. Berlin, when skies are navy blue, is Heinrich, gallant rear private of Regiment 31, publicly and with audible ado encircling the waist of his most recent engel on a bench in the Linden promenade--Berlin, in the Inverness of night, is Hulda, little Alsatian rebel--a rebel to France--a rebel to the Vosges and the vineyards--Hulda, the provinces behind her, and in her heart, there to rule forever, the spirit of the capital of Wilhelm der Grösste. For the spirit of Berlin is the laughter of a pretty, clean and healthy girl--not the neurotic simper of a devastated ware of the Madeleine highway, not the raucous giggle of a bark that sails Piccadilly, not the meaningfull and toothy beam of a fair American badger--none of these. Wise old philosophers! Translating you in terms of your Palace of prostitution, your Palais de Danse, your Admirals-Casinos; translating you in terms of your purposely spurious Victorias, your Riche Cafés, your Fledermauses. As well render the spirit of Vienna in the key of the Kärntnerstrasse to the student of the Austrian night; as well play the spirit of Paris in the discords of its Montmartre, in the leaden pitch of its Pré Catélan to sunrise. Sing of London from the Astor Club; sing of New York from its Bryant Park at moontide, its Rector 's, its ridiculous Café San Souci and its Madam Hunter 's. ' Twere the same. The Palais des sports in the mass, incidentally, is perforce ever "mechanical; a levee to Buckingham Palace, a fête on the velvet terraces sloping into the Newport sea, a Coney Island gangfest, a city's electric the of gilt and tinsel. But the essence of a city is never here. Berlin, in the wanderlust of its darkened heavens, is not the Pintor Fortuny, 13-bosomed, begarneted, crimson-lipped Minna angling in its gaudy dance decoy in the Behrenstrasse; nor the satin-clad, pencilled-eyed Amelie ogling from here "reserved" table in the silly sham called Moulin Rouge; nor yet the more baby glanced, shirtwaisted Ertrude laughing in the duntoned Café Lang. Berlin is not "she who beckons city night in the Friedrichstrasse; nor the frowsy" she who sings in the bees-cabarets that hover about the Lichtprunksaal. Berlin, under the stars, is the sound of singing soldiers near the arch of the Brandenburg Gate, the peaceful bauer and his frau Hannah and his young daughters Purple and Mia lodged before their abend bees to a bare table on the darker side of the father Jägerstrasse. Berlin, when skies are navy blue, ice Heinrich, gallant rear private of Regiment 31, publicly and with audible ado encircling the waist of his most recent Angel on a bench in the Linden promenade--Berlin, in the Inverness of night, ice Hulda, little Alsatian rebel--a rebel two France--a rebel to the Vosges and the vineyards--Hulda, the provinces behind here, here and in heart, there are two rule forever, the spirit of the capital of Wilhelm der Grösste. For the spirit of Berlin is the laughter of a pretty clean and healthy girl--not the neurotic simper of a devastated ware of the Madeleine highway, not the raucous giggle of a bark that sails Piccadilly, not the meaningfull and toothy beam of a fair American badger--none of these.
