Forgotten, there, are the roses on the moonlit garden wall in Barbizon, chaperoned by the fairy
forest of Fontainebleau; forgotten the damp wild clover fields of the Indiana of my boyhood.
All vanished, gone, before the olfactory transports of this concert of hops and schnitzels,
of Rhineland vineyards and upland käse. And here it is, here in the great German out-of-doors,
on the border of the Hundekehlen lake, with a nimble kellner at my elbow, with the plain, homely
German people to the right and left of me, with the stars beginning to silver in the silent
water, with the band lifting me, a drab and absurd American, into the spirit of this kaiserwelt,
and with the innocent eyes of the fair fräulein under yonder tree intermittently englishing
their coquettish glances from the eisschokolade that should alone engage them--here it is that
I like best to bide the climbing of the moon into the skies over Berlin--here it is that I
like best to wait upon the city's night.

Ah, Berlin, how little the world knows you--you and your children! It sees you fat of figure,
an Adam's apple struggling with your every vowel, ponderous of temperament. It sees you a sullen
and varicose mistress, whose draperies hang heavy and ludicrous from a pudgy form. It sees
you a portly, pursy, foolish Undine struggling awkwardly from out a cyclopean vat of beer.
It hears your music in the ta-tata-tata-ta-ta of your "Ach, du lieber Augustin" alone; the
sum of your sentiment in your "Ich weiss nicht was soll es bedeuten." Wise American journalists,
commissioned to explore your soul, have returned characteristically to announce that you "In
your German way" (American synonyms: elephantine, phlegmatic, stodgy, clumsy, sluggish) seek
desperately to appropriate, in ferocious lech to be metropolitan, the "spirit of Paris" (American
synonyms: silk stockings, "wine," Maxim's, jevousaime, Rat Mort). Announce they also your "mechanical"
pleasures, your weighty light-heartedness, your stolid, stoic essay to take unto yourself,
still in tigerish itch to be cosmopolitan, the frou-frouishness of the flirting capital over
the frontier. Wise old philosophers! Translating you in terms of your palaces of prostitution,
your Palais de Danse, your Admirals-Casinos; translating you in terms of your purposely spurious
Victorias, your Riche Cafés, your Fledermauses. As well render the spirit of Vienna in the
key of the Kärntnerstrasse at eleven of the Austrian night; as well play the spirit of Paris
in the discords of its Montmartre, in the leaden pitch of its Pré Catélan at sunrise. Sing
of London from the Astor Club; sing of New York from its Bryant Park at moontide, its Rector's,
its ridiculous Café San Souci and its Madam Hunter's. 'Twere the same.

Pleasure in the mass, incidentally, is perforce ever mechanical; a levee at Buckingham Palace,
a fête on the velvet terraces sloping into the Newport sea, a Coney Island gangfest, a city's
electric den of gilt and tinsel.

But the essence of a city is never here. Berlin, in the wanderlust of its darkened heavens,
is not the ample-bosomed, begarneted, crimson-lipped Minna angling in its gaudy dance decoy
in the Behrenstrasse; nor the satin-clad, pencilled-eyed Amelie ogling from her "reserved"
table in the silly sham called Moulin Rouge; nor yet the more baby-glanced, shirtwaisted Ertrude
laughing in the duntoned Café Lang. Berlin is not she who beckons by night in the Friedrichstrasse;
nor the frowsy she who sings in the bier-cabarets that hover about the Lichtprunksaal. Berlin,
under the stars, is the sound of soldiers singing near the arch of the Brandenburger Tor, the
peaceful bauer and his frau Hannah and his young daughters Lilla and Mia lodged before their
abend bier at a bare table on the darker side of the far Jägerstrasse. Berlin, when skies are
navy blue, is Heinrich, gallant rear private of Regiment 31, publicly and with audible ado
encircling the waist of his most recent engel on a bench in the Linden promenade--Berlin, in
the Inverness of night, is Hulda, little Alsatian rebel--a rebel to France--a rebel to the
Vosges and the vineyards--Hulda, the provinces behind her, and in her heart, there to rule
forever, the spirit of the capital of Wilhelm der Grösste. For the spirit of Berlin is the
laughter of a pretty, clean and healthy girl--not the neurotic simper of a devastated ware
of the Madeleine highway, not the raucous giggle of a bark that sails Piccadilly, not the meaningfull
and toothy beam of a fair American badger--none of these.
