During his residence in America he promulgated the idea that an American school of music was
to be created by developing the themes and rhythms of the negro melodies, and he wrote a symphony,
"From the New World," in order to illustrate his meaning. The second or slow movement of this
work attained a distinguished success almost everywhere; but the themes of the first and last
movement are not sufficient for the treatment they receive. This work has been more successful
in Europe than in this country. Perhaps the most notable quality of Dr. Dvorak's personality
is his naiveté, which shows well in his music. He is quite like a modern Haydn, who has learned
and remembered everything of musical coloration which has been discovered, but who applies
his knowledge in a simple and direct manner without straining after effect.

IV. MUSIC IN SCANDINAVIA.

Foremost of Scandinavian composers is Edvard Hagerup Grieg (1843- ), who was born at Bergen,
Norway, and received his early musical education from his mother, who was an excellent pianist,
and very musical. By the advice of the celebrated violinist, Ole Bull, Grieg was sent in 1858
to Leipsic for further instruction, where he became a pupil of Moscheles, Hauptmann, Reinecke,
Richter and Wenzel. In 1863 he pursued further studies under Gade at Copenhagen. In companionship
with a talented young composer, Ricard Nordraak, Grieg set himself, as he says, "against the
faded Scandinavianism of Gade and Mendelssohn intermingled, and undertook to put into tones
the real beauty, strength and inner spirit of the northern folks-life." He composed in many
varieties of work, and in 1879 attained German recognition by playing his own piano concerto
at the Gewandhaus in Leipsic. Grieg's works are full of poetry, easy and natural expression,
and are pervaded by northern coloring, so decided as in some cases to approach what in speech
is called dialect. Nevertheless, it is indubitable that his music has distinctly enriched the
world's stream of tone-poetry, and introduced a new accent and voice. He has distinguished
himself in almost every department, in songs, choral work, chamber music, symphonies, sonatas
for piano and piano and violin, and orchestral suites, of which perhaps his two "Peer Gynt"
are the most celebrated. In person Grieg is slight, fair-haired, with lovely deep blue eyes
and a charming manner. He is subject to pulmonary weakness, and is compelled to reside much
of his time in warmer climates than those of his native land.

 Niels W. Gade]

An older composer than Grieg is Niels Wilhelm Gade (1817-1890), of Copenhagen, who after a
thorough musical education received in his native city, attracted wider attention in 1841 by
taking the prize for his concert overture, "Night Sounds from Ossian," the judges being Fr.
Schneider and Spohr, the violinist. This gave Gade a royal stipendium, with which he immediately
betook himself to study at Leipsic, where he came under the personal influence of Mendelssohn,
an influence which he never outgrew. At the death of Mendelssohn he was appointed director
of the Gewandhaus, but not proving in all respects satisfactory he held the position only a
part of one season. After the death of Gläser in 1861, Gade was made royal music director at
Copenhagen, a position which he filled many years. He was active as composer in every direction,
his published works embracing eight symphonies, five overtures, two concertos for violin and
orchestra, three violin sonatas, several cantatas for mixed voices, soli and orchestra, and
many other works. The ultimate judgment of Gade as a tone-poet is likely to be that while distinctly
talented, he never attained imagination of the first order.

Among the younger composers Christian Sinding (1856- ) is to be mentioned. Besides many works
for chamber, he has written one symphony, which while not very original gives promise of better
productions later.

V. MUSIC IN ENGLAND.

The relation of England to the higher art of music has been peculiar.
