During his residence in the United States promulgated the idea that an American school of music was to be created by developing the themes and rhythms of the melodies black, and he wrote a symphony, "From the New World," to illustrate its meaning. The second or slow movement of this work achieved a success almost everywhere distinguished, but the themes of the first and last movement are not sufficient for the treatment they receive. This work has been more successful in Europe than in this country. Perhaps the most notable quality of the personality of Dr. Dvorak is its simplicity, which shows well in his music. He is rather like a modern Haydn, he has learned and remembered everything musical coloration has been discovered, but he applied his knowledge in a simple and direct way without straining after effect. 
IV. MUSIC IN SCANDINAVIA. 

The most important of Scandinavian composers Edvard Grieg is Hagerup (1843 -), born in Bergen, Norway, and received his early musical education from his mother, who was an excellent pianist, and musical. On the advice of the violinist Ole Bull, Grieg was sent in 1858 to Leipzig for further instructions, where he became a pupil of Moscheles, Hauptmann, Reinecke, Richter and Wenzel. In 1863 he continued his studies under Gade in Copenhagen. In the company of a talented young composer, Ricard Nordraak, Grieg was decided, as he says, "against the fading of Gade and Mendelssohn Scandinavianism intermingled, and undertook to put in tones of real beauty, strength and inner spirit of people of northern life. "He wrote in many varieties of work, and in 1879 reached German recognition playing his own piano concerto at the Gewandhaus in Leipzig. Grieg's works are full of poetry, easy and natural expression, and are color impregnated north, so he decided that in some cases, closer to what is called in the dialect spoken. However, it is clear that his music has enriched the world clearly aware of the poetry of tone, and introduced a new tone and voice. He has distinguished himself in almost all departments, in songs, choral works, chamber music, symphonies, sonatas for piano and violin and piano, and orchestral suites, of which perhaps two "Peer Gynt" are the most celebrated . Grieg himself is slight, blond-haired, with beautiful deep blue eyes and a lovely way. It is subject to weak lungs, and is forced to live most of their time in warmer climates than those of their homeland. 

Niels W. Gade] 

A composer of more than Grieg's Niels Wilhelm Gade (1817-1890), Copenhagen, after a thorough musical education received in his hometown, attracted greater attention in 1841 to take the prize for its opening concert "Sounds of Ossian Night, "the judges are Father. Schneider and Spohr, the violinist. This gave a real Stipendium Gade, with whom he immediately went to study in Leipzig, where he came under the personal influence of Mendelssohn, an influence that never exceeded. On the death of Mendelssohn was appointed conductor of the Gewandhaus, but does not check in every way satisfactory served only part of a season. Following Glaser's death in 1861, Gade was appointed director of real music in Copenhagen, a position he held for many years. He was active as a composer in all directions, his published works covering eight symphonies, overtures, five, two concertos for violin and orchestra, three sonatas for violin, several cantatas for mixed voices, solidarity and orchestra, and many other works. The final sentence of Gade as a tone poet is probably that, while clearly talented, never reached the imagination of the first order. 

Among the younger composers Christian Sinding (1856 -) is to be mentioned. In addition to numerous chamber works, written a symphony, although not very original that contains the promise of better productions later. 

V. music in England. 

The relationship of England to the highest art of music has been peculiar.
