During his residence in America he promulgated the idea that the American school of music has been created by the themes of development and the séiseanna Negro rhythms, and wrote a symphony, "From the New World" to indicate its meaning. The second or slow movement of this work has achieved distinguished becoming almost everywhere, but not the themes of movement and date of the first to give adequate treatment they receive. This work has been more successful in Europe than in this country. Perhaps the most remarkable quality of the personality of Dr. Dvorak's naiveté, which shows well in his music. It is rather like a modern Haydn, have learned and remembered everything that is put out music coloration, but to which his knowledge of simple and direct way without straining after effect.

IV. MUSIC in Scandinavia.

Firstly the Scandinavian composers as Edvard Hagerup Grieg (1843 -), born at Bergen, Norway, and received his early musical education from his mother, who was an excellent pianist, and music. According to the council was the celebrated violinist, Ole Bull, Grieg in 1858 to Leipsic for additional instruction, where he was a pupil Moscheles, Hauptmann, Reinecke, Richter, and Wenzel. In 1863 he pursued further study by Gade in Copenhagen. In company with talented young composer, Ricard Nordraak, Grieg set himself, as he says, "against the Scandinavianism fheoigh of Gade and Mendelssohn intermingled, under and in tones of true beauty, strength and internal spirit of life north -folks. "he wrote in many occupations, and in 1879 in recognition of achievements of Germany playing their own piano Concerto at the Gewandhaus in Leipsic. Grieg's works are full of poetry, easy and natural expression, and are pervaded by north coloring, such as found in some cases to approach what in speech called dialect. However, it is indubitable that his music enriched the world pressure stream of tone-poetry, and introduced a new flavor and sound. He has distinguished himself in almost every department, in songs, choral works, chamber music, symphonies, sonatas for piano and piano and violin, and orchestra rooms, which may be two "Peer Gynt" most celebrated. In a little Grieg, fair-haired, with beautiful deep blue eyes and a nice way. It is subject to pulmonary weakness, and is compelled to live much of his time in warmer climates than those of his native land.

W. Niels Gade]

The composer is older than Niels Wilhelm Gade Grieg (1817-1890), of Copenhagen, who has received a thorough musical education in their native country, attracted wider attention in 1841 taking the prize concert overture, "Sounds of Ossian Night "The judges are Fr. Schneider and Spohr, the violinist. This Gade gave stipendium royal, which he betook himself to study immediate Leipsic, where he was personally influenced by Mendelssohn, the influence which he never outgrew. At the death of Mendelssohn was appointed director of the Gewandhaus, but not proving satisfactory in every way the site was only part of one season. Following Glaser died in 1861, was music director of the royal Gade in Copenhagen, a post he filled for many years. He was active as a composer in every direction, his works published by accepting eight symphonies, five overtures, two concertos for violin and orchestra, by the violin sonatas, cantatas number of voices, soli and orchestra mixed, and many other works. The final judgments as a poet ton-Gade is likely to be, while pressure is capable of ever reaching the imagination of the first order.

Among the younger composers Christian Sinding (1856 -) is to be mentioned. As well as many works for chamber, it is written one symphony, but it is not very original because of the better performances thereafter.

V. Music in England.

The relation of England the higher art of weird music.
