 "And the enemy is a bully move, not even the bitterest suffering a break, my heart - and my people's My love is a lot of courage to pay.

 "Hearts like mine! That hem me now, in March we tread is holy ground, do not prove the soil from which you jumped fit Napoleon  birth.

 "It is the battle, we get our supporters of the patriot cause, in exile Shake's hated the name, and set aside the despot's laws.

 "Injured false'd, and Robb'd all the feelings scarce could brook my destiny, but I get my crown decline or deterioration of Naples"gate!"

Midnight landed in Calabria's coast, and Murat's small fleet of used sailing; No peering moon lit lonely sea, but it was all his sable stubborn fate. Disperse the storm'd them, and Sardinia's Isle claims'd kept the shell and the unhappy king, morning and saw that it was mainly again, but far from his loyal followers. Calabria's beach was to get'd, Murat was in the middle of the throng that dastard hemm'd him round, unwavering voice, and eyes of fire. Is Majesty's royal hearts What will change the time or fickle fate can stifle: He stood - to reveal'd from his own lips,"King Of Naples declined."In these stirring words of one hundred swords unsheath'd, as the princely price of his head had been placed , and he despised the air'd, as the idea'd hands very accustomed'd the blade and fought in vain -

His hour has come! see fearless man baring his chest and stern team: And parted friends, and forgive " d enemies, relinquish'd honor, and forgotten in contempt, Are naught to him - but O'er his war-worn face of a momentary gleam of a passionate flits - When you consider that he, who used the diadem second Caesar placed his eyebrows, (o cold heritage law, but actually bought the courage and the blood.) If you die a traitor branded site, his fame. Her hands enfolds a small cornelian seal, a portrait of the queen - of which his eyes are gently correct'D The last word has been given, and Murat is: ah! that would be the king!

* H.

COAST saarto MEN.

(If the Mirror.)

It is the first of these men, you are ready to exclaim with Mercutio"Oh, meat! How are you fishified,"and starts to think that Shakspeare would have been able to live in the original of his terrible Caliban: they are mostly selected from among the fishermen, because of their excellent knowledge of the coast, and most fully retain their amphibious capabilities.
