Be unsheath'd in Naples' cause I will fight to the horde, and beard the bravest Mine

"Proud of Austria, I will drive you back, do not care that Naples' throne is yours because soon will Murat's bivouac tents Watch your line.

"And shame of enemy moves, and worst pain will humble my heart - for my people's love my courage will surely pay.

Heart as my own! That I now, the ground we tread is holy ground, not prove the substance of what you have jumped unworthy of Napoleon's birth.

"On the contrary we will get our fans will patriot cause;! Shake the exile's hated name, and overcome the despot's laws.

"Abused, wrong'd and robb'd of all, my feelings, my fate could hardly arise, but I will crown or fall before degraded Naples' gate will!"

Midnight mode Calabria's coast, and the small fleet of Murat wore it go, no peering moon illuminates the lonely sea, but all was black as his cross fate. A Storm dispers'd them, and Sardinia's island Receiv'd bass held at the bad king, and tomorrow see it on the head again, but far apart his faithful followers. Calabria's beaches are gain'd, which is among the Murat coward people who hemm'd round, With heart of the diamond and in the eye of a fire. There is a royal honor in the hearts What time or changing variable can suppress fate: "He stood - reveal'd from his own lips," The King of Naples fall. "At the helm swords words a hundred unsheath'd, because in his mind a princely price was set, and he fled scorn'd for his hand grasp'd well accustom'd blade, and a futile battle -

* * * * *

His hour had come! Turning to the dauntless Baring his bosom to the squad Stern And separation between friends and enemies pardon'd, Relinquish'd honor and remember laughing, is not for him - but his battle worn face shines o'er a moment passion flash - To think that he who wore the imperial crown, the second placed on his brows, (No cold heritage of civil law, but actually purchased by courage and blood.) If die with branded traitor to his fame . His hands wrap a small Yellow stamp, a portrait of his queen, - where his eyes are fix'd love. The final word is given, and Murat fell: ah! Who would be king!

* * H.

* * * * *

COAST MEN blockade.

(For the Mirror.)

Maturin in his fearful romance of Melmoth, well embodies the change of character and intellect of erosion often caused by unforeseen circumstances. The human spirit, like a woody fibers, to the actions of a petrifying stream, gradually assimilated the characteristics of his associates. This fact is striking in the list of people from the men in our blockade stations, for the prevention of smuggling. It was a great race, and occupied some fortalices in our sea-girt island, an imaginative mind would give it the appearance of a besieged fortress. The powerful, yet ineffective means to retreat by the government for the suppression of illicit traffic, unfortunately, evidence of the degeneration of our nature, and can be seen in full force on the coast between Margate, Dover and Hastings. For this purpose, the stranger on his arrival at Margate, take the road leading to the rock, to the east of the city and then walk a short distance to the sea to his left, he will succeed, with intervals , some neat houses in search of dark, especially remarkable for a foreign military aspect, strongly remind one of a red jacket turned up with white. This, perched like the Eagle's eyry on the edge and the top of the high kuifkop that "the waves foam chest," is the preventative stations, which is occupied by the stupid and isolated members of the blockade. These men will now be seen for the rest of the journey, mounted on the Party under Crags, draw their weary eyes over the monotonous expanse of water that splashes forever among them - a gruff guidance of their dark avocations.

At a first sight of these men, you're ready to cry with Mercutio, "O flesh fishified How are you," and began to think that Shakspeare might have had a life for his original shaggy Caliban, for they are usually chosen from among the fishermen, because of their excellent knowledge of the coast, and most well preserved their amphibious characteristics.
