Be thou unsheath'd in Naples' cause, I'll meet again the battle horde, And beard the bravest of my foes!
"Proud Austria! I will drive thee back, Deem not that Naples' throne is thine; For soon shall Murat's bivouac Keep watch upon thy tented line.

"Nor taunt of enemy shall move, Nor bitterest suffering shall degrade, My heart--for with my people's love My daring will be richly paid.

"Hearts like my own! that hem me now, The ground we tread is sacred earth, Prove not the soil from which ye sprang Unworthy of Napoleon's birth.

"On to the struggle! we shall gain Adherents to our patriot cause; Shake off the exile's hated name, And abrogate the despot's laws.

"Insulted, wrong'd, and robb'd of all, My feelings scarce could brook my fate; But I will gain my crown or fall Before degraded Naples' gate!"

Midnight descended on Calabria's coast, And Murat's little fleet wore sailing there; No peering moon lit up the lonely sea, But all was sable as his wayward fate. A storm dispers'd them, and Sardinia's isle Receiv'd the bark that held the hapless king, And morn beheld it on the main again; But far apart his faithful followers. Calabria's beach was gain'd; where Murat stood Amidst the dastard throng that hemm'd him round, With heart of adamant, and eye of fire. There is a majesty in kingly hearts Which changing time nor fickle fate can quell: He stood--reveal'd from his own lips, "The King Of fallen Naples." At those stirring words A hundred swords unsheath'd; for on his head A princely price was set, and flight he scorn'd; For grasp'd his hand the well-accustom'd blade; And vainly fought--

* * * * *

His hour is come! behold the dauntless man Baring his bosom to the stern platoon: And parted friends, and pardon'd enemies, Relinquish'd glory, and forgotten scorn, Are naught to him--but o'er his war-worn face A momentary gleam of passion flits-- To think that he who wore that diadem The second Caesar placed upon his brows, (No cold inheritance of legal right, But truly bought by bravery and blood.) Should die with traitor branded on, his fame. His hand enfolds a small cornelian seal, A portrait of his queen,--on which his eyes Are fondly fix'd. The final word is given, And Murat falls: ah! who would be a king!

* * H.

* * * * *

COAST BLOCKADE MEN.

(For the Mirror.)

Maturin in his fearful romance of Melmoth, has well exemplified the change of character and frequent subversion of intellect occasioned by untoward circumstances. The human mind, like a woody fibre, when submitted to the action of a petrifying stream, gradually assimilates the qualities of its associates. This truth is strikingly verified in the persons of the men on our blockade stations, for the prevention of smuggling. They are a numerous race, and inhabit little fortalices on the coasts of our sea-girt isle, which to an imaginative mind would give it the appearance of a beleagured citadel. The powerful, but still ineffective means resorted to by government for the suppression of illicit traffic, sadly demonstrates the degeneracy of our nature, and may be seen in full operation on the coast between Margate, Dover, and Hastings. For this purpose, the stranger on his arrival at Margate, must take the path leading to the cliff's, eastward of the town, and after walking a little way with the sea on his left hand, he will pass, at intervals, certain neat, though gloomy looking cottages, chiefly remarkable for an odd, military aspect, strongly reminding one of a red jacket turned up with white. These, perched like the eagle's eyry on the very edge and summit of those crested heights that "breast the billows foam," are the preventive stations, inhabited by the dumb and isolated members of the blockade. These men will now be seen for the rest of the journey, mounted on the jutting crags, straining their weary eyes over the monotonous expanse of waters which for ever splash beneath them--a sullen accompaniment to their gloomy avocations.

On a first sight of these men, you are ready to exclaim with Mercutio, "Oh, flesh! how art thou fishified;" and begin to think that Shakspeare might have had a living original for his horrid Caliban: for they are mostly selected from amongst fishermen, on account of their excellent knowledge of the coast, and most perfectly retain their amphibious characteristics.
