I asked loudly who was there, but they did not answer.I determined not to open the door until they did. The door was strong, and I smiled at the thought that this time they would have their trouble for their pains.
Surprisingly they did not go away but they continued to knock and whisper between them. More than once they called me softly by name and bade me open, but refrained from saying who they were. I sat still and did not open the door. Occasionally I heard them laugh. I might have sat there in silence until midnight, which was only about two hours off if a slight sound, as of a rat gnawing behind the table drew my attention to the door. Raising my candle and shading my eyes I saw something small and bright protruding beneath it, and sprang up, thinking they were about to let it in. Surprisingly, however, I discovered by taking the candle to the threshold, it was nothing more than a couple of gold coins, which had been thrust through the opening between the door and the floor.

I was astonished. I stood for full a minute staring at the coins with the candle in my hand. Then, reflecting that the young sparks at the Court would be very unlikely to spend such a sum on a jest, I stopped hesitating and put down the candle. I drew the bolt of the door waiting to see who was at the door. In this, however, I was disappointed, for the moment the door was open they pushed forcibly past me and stopped quickly only to close the door again.

I did so suspiciously, and without averting my eyes from my visitors. My embarrassment and confusion was great, and when the door was shut, they dropped their coats one after the other, and I saw M. du Mornay and the well-known figure of the King of Navarre.

They were looking at one another and laughing and for a moment I thought some chance resemblance deceived me, and that here were my jokers again. I stood staring and the king was the first to speak. 'We have made no mistake, Du Mornay, have we?' he said, casting a laughing glance at me.

'No, sire,' Du Mornay answered. 'This is the Sieur de Marsac, the gentleman I mentioned to you.'

I hastened, confused, wondering, and with a hundred apologies, to pay my respects to the king. He speedily cut me short, however, saying, with an air of much kindness, 'Of Marsac, in Brittany, I think, sir?'

'The same, sire,'

'Then you are of the family of Bonne?'

'I am the last survivor of that family, sire,' I answered respectfully.

'It has played its part,' he rejoined, and therewith he took his seat on my stool with an easy grace which charmed me. 'Your motto is "BONNE FOI," is it not? And Marsac, if I remember rightly, is not far from Rennes, on the Vilaine?'

I answered that it was, adding, with a full heart, that it grieved me to be compelled to receive so great a prince in so poor a lodging.

'Well, I confess,' Du Mornay struck in, looking carelessly round him, 'you have a queer taste, M. de Marsac, in the arrangement of your furniture. You--'

'Mornay!' the king cried sharply.

'Sire?'

'Watch out! your elbow is in the candle. Beware of it!'

But I well understood him. If my heart was full before, it overflowed now. Poverty is not so shameful as the shifts to which it drives men. I had been compelled some days before, in order to make as good a show as possible--since it is the undoubted duty of a gentleman to hide his nakedness from impertinent eyes, and especially from the eyes of the canaille, who are wont to judge from externals--to remove such of my furniture and equipage as remained to that side of the room, which was visible from without when the door was open. This left the farther side of the room vacant and bare.
