I wondered aloud who was there, but until he chose to respond, while I, for one, decided not to open until they did. The door was strong, and I smiled grimly at the thought that this time would have their trouble for their pains.

To my surprise, however, did not desist, and go, as I expected, but continued to call and long intervals between the times murmur. More than once I called his name softly and he invited me to open, but as ever declined to say who they were, stood still. From time to time I heard them laugh, but quietly, as it were, and therefore persuaded that were engaged in a party, may have persisted in my silence until midnight, which was not more than two hours of rest, no there was a slight sound, from a rat gnawing behind the socket, called my attention to the door. I raised the candle, and shading my eyes, I saw something small and bright protruding below it, and stood up, thinking they were about to rate it in. To my surprise, however, I find, in consideration of the sail to the door, nothing more threatening than a couple of pounds of gold, which had been thrown through the crack between the door and the floor.

My surprise may be conceived. I stood for a whole minute looking at the coins, the candle in his hand. Then, reflecting that the young sparks in court would be unlikely to spend a sum so in jest, that he did not hesitate more, but put the candle, bolted the door, purposing to confer with my foreign visitors . In this, however, I was disappointed at the moment, the door was open, pushed me by force from the past and into the room in disorder, asked me to sign to close the door.

So I did it with distrust, and never taking my eyes of my visitors. Great were my shame and confusion, therefore, when the door closed, they dropped their coats one after another, and I saw before me Mr. du Mornay and well-known figure of the king of Navarre.

They looked so off, looking at each other and laughing, which for a moment I thought I cheated a similar opportunity, and here were my wild again. Therefore, while a man could count to ten, I stared, and the king was the first to speak. "We have made no mistake, Du Mornay, right?" He said, glancing at me laughing.

"No, sir," said Du Mornay. "This is Monsieur de Marsac, the gentleman that I mentioned."

I hurried, confused, wondering, and a hundred apologies, to pay my respects to the king. He quickly got short, however, said with an air of great kindness: "For Marsac, in Britain, I think, sir?

'The same, sir,'

"Then you are of the Bonne family?

"I am the last survivor of that family, sir," I answered with respect.

"It has played its role," he said, and it sat in my chair with a natural grace that I loved. "Their motto is" BONNE freedom of information ", right? And Marsac, if I remember correctly, is not far from Rennes, in the Vilaine?

I replied that it was, adding, with a heart full, it hurts to be compelled to receive so great a prince in a very poor accommodation.

"Well, I confess, 'Du Mornay came in, looking carelessly around him,' has a strange taste, M. de Marsac, the arrangement of your furniture. You - '

"Mornay! King said abruptly.

"Sir? "

"Chute! The elbow is in the sail. Watch it!"

But I well understand. If my heart was full before, now overflowed. Poverty is not as shameful as the changes that are leading men. I was forced a few days earlier to make a show as good as possible - as it is the undoubted right of a gentleman to hide their nakedness from impertinent eyes, especially in the eyes of the mob, which often Judging from the outside - to eliminate this type of furniture and my luggage was kept across the room, which was visible from the outside when the door was open. This left the other side of the room empty and bare.
