Now, while the forming of character is the
aim, and in some appreciable degree the achievement, of every worth-while educational institution,
it is to a peculiar degree the aim and the achievement of Tuskegee. The ten million Negroes
in the United States need trained leaders of their own race more than they need anything else.
Whatever else they should or should not have these leaders must have character. Since Tuskegee
is the largest of the educational institutions for Negroes, with the man at its head who was
commonly recognized as the leader of leaders in his race, naturally the heaviest responsibility
in the training of these leaders fell, and will continue to fall, upon Tuskegee. Consequently
the task at Tuskegee is not so much to educate so many thousands of young men and women as
to train as many leaders for the Negro people as can possibly be done and done well within
a given space of time. These Tuskegee graduates lead by the power of example and not by agitation.
One runs a farm and achieves so much more success than his neighbors, through his better methods,
that they gradually adopt these methods and with his help apply them to their own conditions.
Another teaches a country school and does it so much better than the average country school
teacher that his or her school comes to be regarded as a model to be emulated by the other
schools of the locality. When a Tuskegee girl marries and settles in a community she keeps
her house so much cleaner and in every way more attractive than the rank and file of her neighbors
that gradually her house and her methods of housekeeping become the standard for the neighborhood.
There is, however, nothing of the "holier than thou" or the complaisant about the true Tuskegee
graduate and neither is there anything monopolistic. They have had the idea of service thoroughly
drilled into their consciousness--the idea that their advantages of education are, as it were,
a trust which they are to administer for the benefit of those who have not had such advantages.

Now such leaders as these must not only be provided if the so-called race problem is to be
solved, but they must be provided speedily. In every community in which the black people are
ignorant and vicious and without trained leaders among themselves they are likely at any time
to come into conflict with the dominant race, and every such conflict engenders bitterness
on both sides and makes just so much more difficult the final solution of the race problem.
This is why Booker Washington labored so incessantly to increase the quantity of Tuskegee's
output as well as to maintain the quality. He brought Tuskegee to the point where it reached
through all its courses including its summer courses, short courses, and extension courses,
more than 4,000 people in a single year, not counting the well-nigh innumerable hosts he counseled
with on his State educational tours. In short, Booker Washington's task at Tuskegee was not
only to turn out good leaders for his people, but to turn them out wholesale and as fast as
possible. He was, as it were, running a race with the powers of ignorance, poverty, and vice.
This in part accounted for the sense of terrific pressure which one felt at Tuskegee, particularly
when he was present and personally driving forward his great educational machine. This also
may have accounted for the seeming lack of finesse in small matters which occasionally annoyed
critical visitors who did not understand that the great institution was racing under the spur
of its indomitable master, and that just as in any race all but essentials must be thrown aside.

Long before the University of Wisconsin had, through its extension courses, extended its opportunities
in greater or less degree to the citizens of the entire State, Booker Washington, through similar
means, had extended the advantages of Tuskegee throughout Macon County in particular and the
State of Alabama and neighboring States in general.

The extension work of Tuskegee began in a small way over twenty years ago. It preceded even
the work of the demonstration agents of the United States Department of Agriculture. There
was first only one man who in his spare time went out among the farming people and tried to
arouse enthusiasm for better methods of farming, better schools, and better homes. He was followed
by a committee of three members of the Tuskegee faculty, which committee still directs the
work. One of the first efforts of this committee was to get the farmers to adopt deep plowing.
