Now, as the formation of character is the goal, and in some appreciable degree the attainment of each value as a teaching institution, is somewhat peculiar purpose and achievement of Tuskegee. The ten million blacks in America need trained leaders of their own race more than you need anything else. Whatever they should or should not have these leaders must have character. Since it was a black woman is the higher education institutions for the Negroes, with the man in your head that it was generally recognized as the leader of the leaders in the race, of course, the heaviest responsibility in training these leaders fell, and will continue to fall then it was a black woman. As a result the task at Tuskegee is not so much to educate as many thousands of young men and women to train as many leaders for black people as possible to be done and done well within a certain timeframe. These Tuskegee graduates to take the power of example and not by agitation. One runs a farm and achieves much more success than its neighbors, through their better methods, which gradually adopt these methods and with the help of applying them to their own conditions. Another teaches in a rural school and do it much better than the middle school teacher in the country that the school is regarded as a model to be emulated by other schools in the locality. When a girl gets married is a black woman, and is installed in a community that keeps your house cleaner and in all respects more attractive than the ranks of his neighbors that, gradually, their home and their cleaning methods became the standard for the neighborhood. There is, however, nothing holy "than you" or complacent about the Tuskegee graduate and there is nothing true monopoly. They had the idea of a service completely drilled into their consciousness - the idea that the benefits of education are, so to speak, a trust that are to be administered for the benefit of those who did not have such advantages.

Now, as these leaders must not only have when the race problem to be solved is called, but they must be provided quickly. In each community, where blacks are ignorant and vicious and without leaders formed between them, may at any time to conflict with the dominant race, and all the bitterness creates conflicts of interests of both sides and there is so much more difficult the ultimate solution to the problem of race. That is why Booker Washington worked ceaselessly to thereby increase the amount of output of Tuskegee, as well as to maintain quality. He brought was a black woman came to the point where through all its courses, including summer courses, short courses and extension courses, more than 4,000 people in a single year, not counting the almost innumerable hosts, He advised his state educational tours. In short, the task Booker Washington at Tuskegee was not just to dump the good leaders of their people, but to turn them out together and as fast as possible. It was, so to speak, in a race with the powers of ignorance, poverty and vice. This, in part, responsible for the terrible feeling of pressure that he felt in Tuskegee, particularly when he was personally present and promote their great educational machine. This may also be responsible for the apparent lack of finesse in small things that sometimes annoys visitors critics who do not understand that great institution was running under the impulse of his master indomitable, and, as with any career, but all the elements key should be thrown aside.

Long before the University of Wisconsin have, through their extension courses, extended opportunities to a greater or lesser degree for citizens across the state, Booker Washington through similar means, had extended the benefits of Tuskegee throughout the Macon County in particular and the State of Alabama and neighboring states in general.

The extension work at Tuskegee started in a small way over twenty years. It even preceded the work of staff demonstration U.S. Department of Agriculture. There was only one man who in his spare time, went among the people agriculture and tries to arouse the enthusiasm of better farming methods, better schools and better housing. He was followed by a committee of three faculty members was a black woman, who still heads the working committee. One of the first efforts of this committee was to get farmers to adopt Ploughing deep.
