I do not hesitate to avow that in nature, as interpreted by binocular vision, these points only approximately, flow into one. Otherwise one eye would be as effective as two.

I have no objection to my views being considered "false to art," since her fidelity to nature is beyond suspicion. {477}

As to the model-like appearance of stereographs taken, I  refer the objector to most of the beautiful foreign views now so abundant in our opticians' shops. Is it not palpable that increasing the width of the eyes is analogous to decreasing the size of the object? As if naturally we cannot perceive at one view three sides of a cake, two heads of a drum, nor any other like absurdity. It is only because we do not use objects sufficiently small.I have before me a small rectangular inkholder about 1¼ inches square, and distant from my eyes about one foot, in which the very absurd phenomenon complained of does exist, the front, top, and both sides being perfectly visible at once. One of those stubborn fellows  may  find me  as cannot be corrected, on the points on which your correspondent has so kindly tried to enlighten me.

GEO. SHADBOLT

To introduce Clouds (Vol. viii., p. 451.) as desired by your correspondent [Greek: S]., the negative must be treated in the sky by solution of cyanide of potassium laid on in the form desired with a camel's hair pencil. This discharges a portion of the reduced silver, and allows the light to penetrate. Great care  required to stop the action by well washing in water. White clouds are produced by painting them in with a black pigment mixed in size.

GEO. SHADBOLT.

* * * * *
Replies to Minor Queries.

Death of Edward II. (Vol. viii., p. 387.).--P. C. S. S. has noticed with  surprise the very strange assertion of MR. C. M. INGLEBY with reference to the murder of Edward II. at Berkeley Castle, viz. that "Echard and Rapin are silent, both as to the event and the locality." If MR. INGLEBY will again refer to Echard (vol. i. p. 341., edit. 1718) and to Rapin (vol. iii. p. 147., edit. 1749), he will perceive that the two historians record "both the event and the locality."

MR. INGLEBY did not perhaps consider that the transaction in question took place during the reign of Edward III, and not to be sought for at the close of that of Edward II. (where probably MR. C. M. INGLEBY looked for it), but among the occurrences in the time of Edward III. MR. C. M. INGLEBY will surely find it in every other History of England since the date of the "event", not only in Echard and Rapin. 

P. C. S. S.

your correspondent J. G. FITCH  used an inappropriate a synonym for Martin Luther as "the great Iconoclast?"-- An occasional contributor wished the Editor to note down this Query that was there any historical evidence for Luther's breaking a single image. Luther no Iconoclast (Vol. viii., p. 335.). 

It is not to defend Luther but to point out a defect in his teaching, as it is regarded by the adherents of other Protestant churches, that Dr. Maclaine has said, in his note on Book IV. ch. i. § 18. of Mosheim:

"It is evident, from several passages in the writings of Luther, that he was not averse to the use of images, on the contrary looked upon them as adapted to excite and animate the devotion of the people."

Mosheim and Merle D'Aubigné, or other historians of the Reformation in Germany,  witnesses for the notorious fact, that Carlstadt excited the citizens of Wittemberg to break the images in their churches when Luther was concealed in the Castle of Wartburg. He rebuked and checked these proceedings on his return. See Mosheim, as cited before, or D'Aubigné, book IX. ch. vii. and viii

H. W.

Rev. Urban Vigors (Vol. viii., p. 340.).--My great-great-grandmother was a sister of Bishop Vigors, consecrated to the see of Leighlin and Ferns, March 8, 1690. He, I know, was a near relative of the Rev. Urban Vigors. An Urban Vigors of Ballycormack, co. Wexford, also married my great-great-aunt, a Miss Thomas, sister of Vigors Thomas, Esq., of Limerick.
