I put the proposition as well, because I do not hesitate to confess that in nature, according to the interpretation of binocular vision, these points are not absolutely, but only about the flow in one, otherwise the eye would be as effective as two. 

I have not the slightest objection to my views are considered "false art", as, alas! his fidelity to nature is by no means above suspicion. (477) 

Finally, as to the emergence of models such as stereoscopic taken at a large angle, by the fact that only refer the objector to the most beautiful views of foreigners now so abundant in our optical shops: by reason, is not evident that increasing the width of the eyes is similar to decreasing the size of the object? and if, of course, we can not "see a view of three sides of a cake, two heads of a drum, or the absurdity as well as others," because we use only objects small enough to allow us to do so. Even as I write this, I have before me a small rectangular ink about 1 ¼ inches square, and distant from my eyes on one foot, in which the phenomenon is the high default complained of, the front, top, and both parts are clearly visible at once and still one of those stubborn types who persist in the trial of personal experience, if possible, I fear that is incorrigible in the points at which your correspondent has endeavored to enlighten me so kindly. 

GEO. Shadbolt. 

Enter Clouds (Vol. VIII., P. 451.), A choice of partner [Greek: S]. , The negative should be treated in the sky by the potassium cyanide solution put into place with the camel hair pencil. This download a small part of the silver, and allows light to penetrate, but great care is needed to stop the action to wash thoroughly with water before the process has gone too far. The white clouds are produced by them in the paint with a black pigment mixed in size. 

GEO. Shadbolt. 

* * * * * 

The answers to the minor. 

The death of Edward II. (Vol. viii., P. 387 .).-- PCSS noted with surprise the statement very strange MR. CM Ingleby in connection with the murder of Edward II. in Berkeley Castle, viz. that "silent Echard and Rapin, both in the event and the location." If MR. Ingleby revert to Echard (vol. ip 341. Edit. 1718) and Rapin (Vol. III. P. 147. Edit. 1749), charged that the registration of two historians, both the event and the location. " 

MR. Ingleby may not consider the transaction in question took place during the reign of Edward III., And is, therefore, does not seek the closure of Edward II. (Where probably MR. CM Ingleby looked for it), but between the events of the time of Edward III. MR. CMIngleby surely find there, not only in Echard and Rapin, but in all other History of England from the date of the event. " 

P.C.S.S 

Luther iconoclastic (Vol. VIII., P. 335 .).-- An occasional contributor to the wishes of the Editor to write this query. What could have led to your correspondent JG Fitch particularly inappropriate to use as a synonym of Martin Luther as "the great iconoclast? Has no historical evidence of Luther to break a single image? 

It is the defense of Luther, but to point out a flaw in his teaching, since it is considered by the faithful of other Protestant churches, which Dr. Maclaine has said in his note on the fourth book. ch. i. § 18. of Mosheim: 

"It is evident from several passages from the writings of Luther, he was in no way preclude the use of images, but on the contrary, looked as adapted to excite and encourage the devotion of the people. " 

Mosheim and Merle D'Aubigné, and probably no other historian of the Reformation in Germany, may be cited as witnesses to the notorious fact that excited Carlstadt citizens of Wittenberg to break the images in their churches when Luther was hidden in the castle Wartburg, and scolded and tested the procedure on his return. See Mosheim, quoted above, or D'Aubigne, Book IX. ch. vii. and viii. 

H.W 

Rev. Urban Vigors (Vol. VIII., P. 340.). - My great-great-grandmother was the sister of Bishop Vigors, who was consecrated to the see of Leighlin and Ferns, March 08, 1690. He, I know, was a close relative of the Rev. Urban Vigors. A Ballycormack Urban Vigors, co. Wexford, also married my great-great-aunt, a Miss Thomas, sister of Thomas Vigors, Esq., De Limerick.
