It is a loosing game for us both; we may be erased. Although we may be placed beneath the ground, we will not be devoured by the elements.

"I cannot comprehend your complaint."

"You do not comprehend? Fourteen-hundred years may have passed since the Romans overthrew Diurbanus, some are still able to clearly trace their ancestry to the times of past hegemony. We maintain our ways, if nothing else, and can tell the nature of our history to this very day, as well as the geographic history of our people: Where we beat the Romans! If the graves there were overturned and released from their confines our people once again, we know what would happen. My desire to rebuild my people is by no means a choice, it is a necessity."

"Is now the time?"

"There are wise sages to that effect, but it seems yours are not of a clear view. We shall continue this attempt at restoration and our descendants will continue as well. The only consequence of our fight are a few lives, yet you classify this endeavor as war. It shall be war. And if you were as we are? A loving people barred by the shackles of illiteracy? Barred by the shackles of unemployment? Barred by the shackles of class discrimination? Without adequate representation in the elected body? WHy should we look forward into the times of death when there is nothing but despair in our future. This is your fault, as you have left us with nothing but the cruel attention of your fist."

"We fight for freedom, not only self interest!"

"We do not care whom we are ruled by. We only want a just ruler, whether it is ourselves or one of us or another. Your quest for sovereignty will end in chaos."

The conversation was interrupted by a loud roar. A member of the Wallachians came to the house, holding the hussar's csako on a spear.

"If I had let you continue, it would be your head, not your csako, on a spear."

The crowd greeted the Wallachian loudly. 

The Decurio spoke a few words in the Wallachian's native tongue, of which they replied more vehemently than ever, simultaneously thrusting the kalpag on the pole.  

In evident embarrassment the Decurio asked, "Was your name written on your kalpag?" 

The young man responded, "Yes."

"The people will attack your father's house in the fury of not having found you."

"And you will let them?"questioned the youth. 

"I would not be as foolish as to contravene. I have no power in this matter."

"Give me up and let them do their worst."

"Either way, your father's house would still be broken."

"And when they murder the bystanders? Who will be culpable then?"

"I will be. But you can change this fate. I will disguise you. You must ride to Kolozsvar and gather your friends. Only in open combat will the pain be eased."

"You are as kind as you are generous. Thank you good Decurio."

"Hurry. This seal will protect you from questioning peasantry. Be on your way."
