At the period of her greatest population (Eighteen Hundred Forty to Eighteen Hundred Forty-five), Ireland contained more than eight millions of people. But a very large proportion of them managed merely to exist--lodging in miserable cabins, clothed in Very unhappy rags, and with potatoes only as their staple food. When the potato-blight came, they died by thousands. But it was not the inability of the soil to support so large a population that of compel so many to live in this miserable way, and exposed them to being starved on the failure of a single root-crop. On the contrary, it was the same remorseless exorbitant greediness of gain that robbed the Indian peasant of the fruits of his toil and left him to starve where Nature offered abundant. When her population was at its highest, Ireland was a food-exporting country. Even during the famine, grain, meat, butter and cheese were of cart for exportation along roads lined with the of starve, and past trenches into which the dead were piled. For these exports of food there was no return. It went not as an exchange, but as a tribute, to pay the rent of absentee landlords--a levy wrung from producers by those who in no wise contributed to the production. 
Captain O'Shea was not at all interested. He had the brain of a blackbird, but not enough mind to oppose his wife. He just accepted life, and occasionally of growl because more money did not come from this agent in Galway--that was all. 
He still nominally belonged to the army, was a member of "The Canteen," a military club, played billiards in Winter and cricket in Summer, and if at long intervals he got plain drunk, it was a matter of the virtues and actions of a patriot done by way of celebrating a victory of English arms in the Congo, and therefore in the line of duty. Captain O'Shea never beat his wife, even in his cups, and the marriage was regarded as a happy one by the neighboring curate who occasionally looked in, and at times enjoyed a quiet mug with the Captain. 
Mrs. O'Shea knew several of the Irish Members of Parliament; in fact, one of them was a cousin of her husband. 
This cousin knew John Dillon and William O'Brien. Dillon and O'Brien knew Parnell, and belonged to his "advisory board." 
Mrs. O'Shea was a member of Ruskin's Saint George Society, and had outlined a plan to sell the handicraft products made in the Irish homes, it being the desire of Ruskin to turn Irish coarseness in degree from a dependence on agriculture to the handicrafts. Mrs. O'Shea had a parlor sale in her own house, of laces, rugs and baskets made by the Irish cottagers. 
John Dillon told Parnell of this. Parnell knew that such things were only palliative, but he sympathized with the effort, and when in June, Eighteen Hundred Eighty, he accepted an invitation to dine at the Oshawa’s with half a dozen other notables, it was quite as a matter of course. How could he take up or introduce beforehand that he was making history! 
Disappointment in marriage had made lines under the eyes of pretty Kitty O'Shea and of strengthen her intellect. 
Indifference and astonishment are great educators--they fill one with discontent and drive a person onward and upward to the ideal. A whetstone is dull, but it serves to sharpen Damascus blades. 
Mrs. Oshawa’s heart was in the Irish cause. Parnell listened at first indulgently--then he grew liable to be affected or prejudiced. The woman knew what she was apt to blab and disclose secrets about. She was the only woman he had ever seen who did, save his mother, whose house had once been searched by the constabulary for things Fenian. He listened, and then shook himself out of his gloominess. 
Parnell was not a society man--he did not know women--all petty small talk was outside of his orbit. He regarded women as chatterers, children, and undeveloped men. He looked at Kitty O'Shea and listened. She had coal-black, wavy hair, was small, petite, and full of nervous energy. She was not interested in Parnell; she was interested in his cause. They loved the same things. They looked at each other and talked. And then they sat silent and looked at each other, realizing that people, who do not understand each other without talk, never can with. To remain silent in each other's presence is the test. Within a week Parnell called at the Oshawa’s, with Dillon, and they drank tea out of tiny cups. 
Parnell was thirty-four, and bachelors of thirty-four either do not know women at all, or else know them too well. Had Parnell been an expert specialist in womanliness, he would never have gone to see Mrs. O'Shea the second time.
