Ireland contained more than eight million people at the period of her greatest population. Many of the Irish lodged in cabins with deplorable conditions with only potatoes to eat. Thousands died due to the potato-blight. But it was not the soil's lack of support that caused so many to live like this, and to show them the threat of starvation from the failure of only one root-crop. At one point, Ireland exported many goods even during famine. This exportation of food was meant to be used as a tribute rather than an exchange.

Captain O'Shea was not impressed. He was smart, but not smart enough to oppose his wife. He was complacent with his life, and occasionally was upset the agent in Galway did not provide more compensation.

Captain O'Shea continued to belong to the army, the group called "The Canteen," a club for military activities, played games such as billiards and cricket in Winter and Summer, and last but not least drinking was a favorite hobby of his. He did it to celebrate the victory of the English in the Congo. He never engaged in domestic violence, and enjoyed drinking with the neighboring priests.

Mrs. O'Shea's cousin was a member of the Parliament. Her cousin knew both William O'Brien and John Dillon. They in turn knew Parnell who belonged to the cousin's "advisory board." Mrs. O'Shea was also a member of Ruskin's Saint George Society. She liked to have sales in her house selling things such as: baskets, rugs, and laces made by the Irish.

John Dillon told Parnell about this. Parnell therefore accepted an invitation to dine at the O'Shea's with many other notable people. Little did he know that he would soon be writing history.

Mrs. O'Shea was on the side of the Irish. Parnell listened out of boredom at first indulgently but she soon piqued his interest. Surpringly, it seemed the woman knew what she was talking about. This was a first for Parnell, who had only experienced this with his mother. Parnel was not popular with the ladies. He beleived woman to be inferior in all aspects to men. Looking at Kitty O'Shea, he was surprised by her beauty. She had black, wavy hair, short, a great rack, and was very perky. Kitty was not interested in Parnell, however. She was interested in Parnell's cause. They had similar interests and enjoyed talking with eachother. Soon enough, Parnell, Kitty, and Dillon were drinking tea together.

Although Parnell was very inexperienced for a single 34 year old, this played to his advantage. If he was more experienced, he may not have visited Kitty again after the dinner.
