During the peak of its population rate(1840-1845)Ireland had 8,000,000 of people.
But only few were able to survive living in cabins, Potatoes as their food and rags as their clothing. When potatoe production was lowered many have died. Considering just because of the failure of a single root crop made them linger on starvation. But on the Contrary of these incidents, Ireland was a food-exporting country even during the famine.


Captain O'Shea was not all interested. He has a brilliant brain but not enough to oppose his wife.
He accepted his life yet complained because nothing came from this agent in Galway-- that was all.


Captain O'Shea is still a member of a military club called "The Canteen". This club plays billiards during winter and cricket during summer. He will be drunk only because of the celebration of a victorious war from Congo, and therefore in the line of duty. He never beat his wife because their marriage was regarded as a happy one.


Mrs. O'Shea knew several of the Irish Members of Parliament; in fact, one of them was a cousin of her husband. 

This cousin knew John Dillon and William O'Brien. Dillon and O'Brien knew Parnell, and belonged to his "advisory board." 
John Dillon told Parnell of this. Parnell knew that such things were only palliative, but he sympathized with the effort, and when in June, Eighteen Hundred Eighty, he accepted an invitation to dine at the O'Shea's with half a dozen other notables, it was quite as a matter of course. How could he anticipate that he was making history!
Disappointment in marriage had made lines under the eyes of pretty Kitty O'Shea and strengthened her intellect.Indifference and stupidity are great educators--they fill one with discontent and drive a person onward and upward to the ideal. A whetstone is dull, but it serves to sharpen Damascus blades. 

Mrs. O'Shea's heart was in the Irish cause. Parnell listened at first indulgently--then he grew interested. The woman knew what she was talking about. She was the only woman he had ever seen who did, save his mother, whose house had once been searched by the constabulary for things Fenian. He listened, and then shook himself out of his melancholy.
Parnell was not a society man--he did not know women--all petty small talk was outside of his orbit. He regarded women as chatterers, children, undeveloped men. He looked at Kitty O'Shea and listened. She had coal-black, wavy hair, was small, petite, and full of nervous energy. She was not interested in Parnell; she was interested in his cause. They loved the same things. They looked at each other and talked. And then they sat silent and looked at each other, realizing that people who do not understand each other without talk, never can with. To remain silent in each other's presence is the test. Within a week Parnell called at the O'Shea's, with Dillon, and they drank tea out of tiny cups.


Parnell is not an expert when it comes to femininity, thus if he was he would've not gone to Mrs. O'Shea's House the second time to prevent things that are improper to happen.

GOD BLESS YOU!!!

>_<
