They own four-fifths of the total wealth invested in the State. About half of them
have been domiciled, with house and other fixed property, for periods of from five to ten years
and more.

The preponderance is not only in numbers and wealth, but also in intelligence and in contributing
at least four-fifths of the total State revenues.

Is it right or prudent to exclude such interests and such a majority from legislative representation?

Could a minority of one-fifth, that is to say, twelve Uitlander members against forty-eight
Boer members, be said to constitute a menace to the status or to the conservative interests
of State?

Do Uitlanders not deserve equal recognition with the burghers in respect to intrinsic interest
in the land, seeing that the former supplied all the skill and the capital to explore and exploit
the mine wealth, all at their risk, and without which it would all have remained hidden and
the country continued fallow and poor?

Though one-fifth would be so small a minority, it would at least have afforded the constitutional
method of declaring the wishes of Uitlanders, and have done away with the disquieting and less
effective practices of Press agitations, public demonstrations, and petitions. The measure
could also have been expected to open up the way towards reconciling relations between the
English and Boer races, beginning in the Transvaal, where it was hoped that the burghers would
be gained over as friends, and so to stand aloof from the Afrikaner Bond. These were the supreme
objects for peaceful progress and not for annexation. Solemn assurances from highest quarters
were repeatedly given that no designs existed against the integrity of the Republic, that nothing
unfriendly lurked behind the franchise demand, but that necessity dictated it for general good
and the preservation of peace. Nor were other diplomatic means left unemployed to ensure the
acceptance of the franchise reform. In addition to firmness of attitude and a display of actual
force, most of the other Powers, including the United States of America, were induced to add
their weight of persuasion in urging upon the Transvaal the adoption of the measures demanded
by England for correcting the existing trouble. It may be urged that the display of force in
sending the first batches of troops would have afforded grounds for exasperation, and be construed
by the Transvaal as a menace and actual hostility, tending to precipitate a conflict which
it was so earnestly intended to avoid. To this may be replied that the 20,000 men sent in August
were readily viewed as placing the hitherto undermanned Colonial garrisons upon an appropriate
peace effective only; but not so with respect to the army corps of 50,000 men despatched in
September--this was felt as an intended restraint against "Bond" projects, to enforce the observance
of any agreement which the Transvaal might for the nonce assent to, and above all it was tending,
unless at once opposed by the Bond, to weaken its ranks by producing hesitation and ultimate
defection from that body; the die was thus to be cast, duplicity appeared to be played out--the
ultimatum of 9th October was the outcome; and England, though unprepared, could not possibly
accept it otherwise than as a wilful challenge to war.

As the pursuit of our study will show, the success of Mr. Chamberlain's diplomacy to avert
war depended upon the very slender prospects that the Transvaal Government might have been
induced to waver, and finally to break with the Afrikaner Bond--a forlorn hope indeed, considering
the perfection which that formidable organization had reached. Its cherished objects were not
meant to be abandoned. The advice of "Bond" leaders prevailed. War was declared and the Rubicon
crossed in enthusiastic expectations of soon realizing the long-deferred Bond motto: "The expulsion
of the hateful English."

It is true the Transvaal had made a show of acquiescence to British and foreign pressure. This
first took the shape of an offer of a seven years' franchise, and then one of five years, exceeding
even Mr. Milner's demands as to the number of Uitlander representation. That of seven years
was so fenced in with nugatory trammels and conditions that it had for those reasons to be
rejected; whilst that at five years was coupled with the equally unacceptable conditions that
the claim of suzerainty should be renounced, and that in all other respects the Transvaal should
be recognised as absolutely independent in terms of the Sand River Convention of 1852.
