About half of them have been domiciled, with house and other fixed property, from five to ten years and more. They own four-fifths of the total wealth invested in the State. The preponderance is not only in numbers and wealth, but also in smarts and in contributing at least four-fifths of the all State revenues. Is it prudent or right to ignore such interests and such a majority from  representation? 

Could a minority of one-fifth be said to constitute a menace to the status or to the conservative interests of State? 

Do Uitlanders not deserve equal recognition with the other taxpayers in respect to constitutional interest in the land, seeing that the former supplied all the skill to explore and exploit the mine wealth, all at their risk, and without which it would all have remained hidden and the country continued out of the action and poor?

 Though 20% would be so small a minority, it would at least have afforded the constitutional method of declaring the wishes of Uitlanders. The measure could also have been expected to open up the way towards reconciling relations between the English and Boer races (beginning in the Transvaal) where it was hoped that the citizens would be gained over as friends, and so to stand cut off from the Afrikaner Bond. These were the supreme objects for peaceful progress and not for annexation and as such, solemn assurances from highest quarters were repeatedly given that no designs existed against the integrity of the Republic, that nothing unfriendly lurked behind the franchise demand, but that necessity dictated it for general good and the preservation of peace. Nor were other diplomatic means left unemployed to ensure the acceptance of the franchise reform which meant In addition to firmness of attitude and a display of actual force, most of the other Powers, including the USA, were lured into adding their weight of persuasion in urging upon the Transvaal the adoption of the measures demanded by England for correcting the existing trouble. It may be agrued that the display of force in sending the 1st group of troops would have afforded grounds for exasperation, and be construed by the Transvaal as a menace and actual hostility, tending to precipitate a conflict which it was so earnestly intended to avoid. To this may be replied that ,1st, the 20,000 men sent in August were readily viewed as placing the as of yet undermanned Colonial garrisons upon an appropriate peace effective only.2nd, The army corps of 50,000 men despatched in September.This was felt as an intended restraint against "Bond" projects, to enforce the observance of any agreement which the Transvaal might for the nonce assent to, and above all it was tending, unless at once opposed by the Bond, to weaken its ranks by producing hesitation and ultimate defection from that body. 3rd,The ultimatum of 9th October was the outcome; and England, though not ready, could not possibly accept it otherwise than as a wilful challenge to war. 

The success of Mr. Chamberlain's diplomacy to prevent war depended upon the very slender prospects that the Transvaal Government might to finally to break with the Afrikaner Bond along with its own government --a forlorn hope indeed, considering the perfection which that formidable organization had reached. Its cherished objects were not meant to be abandoned. The advice of "Bond" leaders prevailed and War was declared.
 
It is true the Transvaal had made a show of negotiations to British and foreign pressure. This first took the shape of an offer of a seven years' franchise, and then one of five years, exceeding even Mr. Milner's demands as to the number of Uitlander representation. That of seven years was so fenced in with worthless rules and conditions that it had for those reasons to be rejected; whilst that at five years was coupled with the equally unacceptable conditions that the claim of govenment should be renounced, and that in all other respects the Transvaal should be recognised as absolutely independent by the terms of the Sand River Convention of 1852.
