He confirmed he could not offer me the information on the bar and the cable. Mr. Kennard then avowed that I could put in a tender for the structure that were uncovered in the state, counting the intramural station, the fences, and the viaduct by 4 o'clock that day, and that I could have until Friday, December 2, to put in my bid on the pressurize iron and the copper wire. I asked if it would be probable for me to obtain an additional room of time in which to do the work, given that I secured the agreement. Leader Francis stated that the time could not be comprehensive one day. I then asked for a list of the possessions so I could shape on all of it. President Francis stated that they did not have any lists and that it would be essential for us to go in excess of the position and get our own data. He affirmed to me then that there were 2,000 tons of strengthen rails. We then left the office and walked over the grounds and looked at the building, the intramural stations, the fences, and bridge, on which we were asked to submit a bid that day. We did not seem over the rail and the cable as we thinking we would have more time the following day for that. We went back to Mr. Taylor's office at 4 o'clock p. in. We waited there in the anteroom until about 5.30 p. in. While we were waiting in the anteroom Mr. Frank and Mr. Abe Harris, of the Chicago House Wrecking Company were closeted with the salvage committee in Mr. Taylor's office. While we were to come here they came out of Mr. Taylor's agency with no their overcoats or hats on. They had left them in the space where the pick up payment was in legislature. Mr. Dinghy, Mr. Ran stead, and I were then requested to enter the room where the recover payment was in sitting. Mr. Frank and Abe Harris wait outside waiting we got all from side to side. The same combine of the recover payment in attendance at the sunup meeting were nearby at this meeting, including Mr. John Sculling, but Mr. Sculling only remain a few action after we enter the room. There was one more gentleman in attendance, but I do not know who he was. Leader Francis tells me later that he was a cover agent and that he held cover on all the buildings then. I handed the bid, or rather Mr. Dinghy hand the bid to President Francis, who in turn handed it to Mr. Kennard, who opened it and read it aloud. The bid was for $101,000 for the buildings mention in the stipulation, the intramural station, the fence around the grounds (except the stadium fence), and the bridges. Mr. Francis held a whispered conversation with Mr. Taylor, and then turned to us and said that the group had decided to let the agreement that day, and that they would not wait awaiting Friday for the bid on the other fabric, that is the rail and the copper wire, and that it would be essential for me to put in my bid that nighttime, as they would be in meeting until 11 p. m. I affirmed that I could not make an quick bid on such small note, if not I was furnished with statistics presentation quantity of rail and wire purchase by them. Mr. Taylor beam up and asked me if I know a man by the name of Evans, of Chicago, who was in the wrecking commerce, I told him that I did not know a Mr. Evans, of Chicago, who was occupied in the wrecking commerce, and that I was well familiar with all the high up wrecking concerns and contractors in Chicago but had never heard of or met Mr. Evans, the gentleman referred to. Mr. Taylor asked me why I could not obtain in a bid in the equal time that Mr. Evans got his in, and stated that Mr. Evans had submitted a bid on all the property from Chicago by wire in three hours. I stood up then and spoke to President Francis and said, "President Francis, how do you know but that this bid of Mr. Evans may be a dummy?" President Francis arose from the table and stood opposite me, and, scratching his head, said: "Well, Mr. Medicine, you have got me a guessing. There may be amazing in that." 
Leader Francis said to me, "Mr. Drug, I made a mistake this sunrise in generous you the digit of tons of build up rail; there are 4,000 tons instead of 2,000 tons of rail." I then told him that it would be impractical for me to give him any kind of an intellectual bid without some type of a list of the possessions to shape on. leader Francis stated that the substance would be settled that night and that I had until 11 p. m. to bring in my information on all the belongings to be likely of as shown by the condition, and counting the intramural stations, the bridges, the fence around the foundation, the copper wire, and the force rail.
