He stated he could not give me the figures on the rail and the wire. Mr. Kennard then
stated that I could put in a bid for the buildings that were shown in the specifications, including
the intramural stations, the fences, and the bridges by 4 o'clock that day, and that I could
have until Friday, December 2, to put in my bid on the railroad iron and the copper wire. I
asked if it would be possible for me to get an extension of time in which to do the work, providing
I secured the contract. President Francis stated that the time could not be extended one day.
I then asked for a list of the property so I could figure on all of it. President Francis stated
that they did not have any lists and that it would be necessary for us to go over the ground
and get our own data. He stated to me then that there were 2,000 tons of steel rails. We then
left the office and walked over the grounds and looked at the buildings, the intramural stations,
the fences, and bridges, on which we were asked to submit a bid that afternoon. We did not
look over the rail and the wire, as we thought we would have more time the following day for
that. We went back to Mr. Taylor's office at 4 o'clock p. in. We waited there in the anteroom
until about 5.30 p. in. While we were waiting in the anteroom Mr. Frank and Mr. Abe Harris,
of the Chicago House Wrecking Company were closeted with the salvage committee in Mr. Taylor's
office. While we were waiting there they came out of Mr. Taylor's office without their overcoats
or hats on. They had left them in the room where the salvage committee was in session. Mr.
Dunphy, Mr. Ranstead, and myself were then requested to enter the room where the salvage committee
was in session. Mr. Frank and Abe Harris waited outside until we got through. The same members
of the salvage committee present at the morning session were present at this meeting, including
Mr. John Scullin, but Mr. Scullin only remained a few minutes after we entered the room. There
was another gentleman present, but I do not know who he was. President Francis told me later
that he was an insurance agent and that he held insurance on all the buildings then. I handed
the bid, or rather Mr. Dunphy handed the bid to President Francis, who in turn handed it to
Mr. Kennard, who opened it and read it aloud. The bid was for $101,000 for the buildings mentioned
in the specifications, the intramural stations, the fence around the grounds (except the stadium
fence), and the bridges. Mr. Francis held a whispered conversation with Mr. Taylor, and then
turned to us and said that the committee had decided to let the contract that day, and that
they would not wait until Friday for the bid on the other material, that is the rails and the
copper wire, and that it would be necessary for me to put in my bid that night, as they would
be in session until 11 p. m. I stated that I could not make an intelligent bid on such short
notice, unless I was furnished with figures showing amount of rail and wire purchased by them.
Mr. Taylor spoke up and asked me if I knew a man by the name of Evans, of Chicago, who was
in the wrecking business, I told him that I did not know a Mr. Evans, of Chicago, who was engaged
in the wrecking business, and that I was well acquainted with all the prominent wrecking concerns
and contractors in Chicago but had never heard of or met Mr. Evans, the gentleman referred
to. Mr. Taylor asked me why I could not get in a bid in the same time that Mr. Evans got his
in, and stated that Mr. Evans had submitted a bid on all the property from Chicago by wire
in three hours. I stood up then and spoke to President Francis and said, "President Francis,
how do you know but that this bid of Mr. Evans may be a dummy?" President Francis arose from
the table and stood opposite me, and, scratching his head, said: "Well, Mr. Drug, you have
got me a guessing. There may be something in that."

President Francis said to me, "Mr. Drug, I made a mistake this morning in giving you the number
of tons of steel rail; there are 4,000 tons instead of 2,000 tons of rail." I then told him
that it would be impossible for me to give him any kind of an intelligent bid without some
kind of a list of the property to figure on. President Francis stated that the matter would
be settled that night and that I had until 11 p. m. to bring in my figures on all the property
to be disposed of as shown by the specifications, and including the intramural stations, the
bridges, the fence around the grounds, the copper wire, and the railroad rails.
