He could not give me the figures on the railway and cable. Mr. Kennard said then that might bid on the buildings shown in the specification, including parking, fences and bridges at 04:00 the same day and could have until Friday, December 2 to put in my offer of railroad iron and copper cable. I asked if it would be possible for me to get an extension of time to do the job that gives me guaranteed contract. President Francis stated that the time could not be extended one day. I asked for a list of the property, so I could find on everything. President Francis said that they had the lists and it would take to get us above the ground and get our own data. He then told me that there were 2,000 tons of steel rails. We left the office and went to the site and looked at the stations own buildings, fences and bridges, which we were asked to submit an offer in the afternoon. We do not see the track and the wire, which we thought we would have more time on the day following it. Time we returned to the office of Mr. Taylor 4 pi hope in the run up to about 5.30 s, while waiting in the anteroom Mr. Frank and Mr. Abe Harris, the Chicago House Wrecking Company was locked to the secondment rescue Mr. Taylor's office. While waiting they left the office of Mr. Taylor without their coats or hats. They had been left in the room where the salvage committee was in session. Mr. Dunphy, Mr. Ranst, and asked me to enter the room where the salvage committee was in session. Mr Frank Harris and Abe waited outside until we got through. The same members of the rescue committee present at the morning session was present at this meeting, including Mr. John Scullin, but Mr. Scullin few short minutes after he entered the room. There was another man here, but I do not know who he was. President Francis said later that he was an insurance agent and insurance maintaining all buildings thereafter. I gave him the offer, or rather, Mr. Dunphy gave the offer to President Francisco, which in turn gave it to Mr. Kennard, who opened it and read it aloud. The offer was for $ 101,000 for buildings listed in the specifications, own stations, the fence around the grounds (except near the stadium), and bridges. Mr. Francis had a whispered conversation with Mr. Taylor, and then turned to us and said the committee had decided to leave the contract that day and not wait until Friday to bid on other material that is shining and the copper wire, which would require me to put in my offer that night, as would be in session until 11 pm, I said I could not make a smart offer such short notice, if so equipped figures showing the number of rail and wire purchased from them. Mr. Taylor spoke and asked me if I knew a man named Evans, in Chicago, who was in destructive activities, I said I did not know Evans Sr., in Chicago, who participated in the destruction of businesses and I was well aware of the concerns and destroy all major contractors in Chicago, but had never heard of or met with Mr. Evans, the gentleman referred to. Mr. Taylor asked why I could not get to try the same time that Mr. Evans got his in, and stated that Mr. Evans had made an offer for all the assets of Chicago by wire for three hours. I stood up and then spoke with the president Francisco and said: "The president Francisco, how do you know, but that the offer of Mr. Evans may be a dummy? President Francisco rose from the table and stood before me and scratching his head and said, "Well, sir drug, can I get a guess. There may be something in it. "

President Francis said: "The Lord of drugs, I made a mistake this morning to give the number of tons of steel rail, and there are 4,000 tons instead of 2,000 tons of rail." I told him it would be impossible for me to be any offer of an intelligent without some form of a list of properties to find it. President Francis stated that the issue would be resolved that night, and had until 11 pm to bring my numbers of all property to be disposed of as indicated in the specification, including its own stations, bridges, fences around copper ground wires and railroad tracks.
