He stated he could not give me the figures on the rail and the wire. Mr. Kennard then stated that I could put in a bid for the buildings that were shown in the specifications, including the intramural stations, the fences, and the bridges by 4 o'clock that day, and that I could have until Friday, December 2, to put in my bid on the railroad iron and the copper wire. I asked if it would be possible for me to get an extension of time in which to do the work, providing I secured the contract. President Francis confirmed that the time could not single day. I then asked for a list of the property so I could figure on all of it. President Francis stated that they did not have one lists and that it would be necessary for us to go over the ground and get our own data. He stated to me then that there were 2,000 tons of strengthen rails. We then left the office and walked over the grounds and looked at the buildings, the intramural stations, the fences, and bridges, on which we were asked to, submit a bid that afternoon. We did not look over the rail and the wire, as we thought we would have more time the following day for that. We went back to Mr. Taylor's office at 4 o'clock p. in. We waited there in the anteroom until about 5.30 p. in. While we were waiting in the anteroom Mr. Frank and Mr. Abe Harris, of the Chicago House Wrecking Company were closeted with the salvage committee in Mr. Taylor's office. While we were waiting there they came out of Mr. Taylor's office without their overcoats or hats on. They had left them in the room where the save committee was in session. Mr. Dumpy, Mr. Ran stead, and I were then request to enter the room where the salvage committee was in session. Mr. Frank and Abe Harris wait outside until we got through. The equal members of the salvage committee present by the side of the morning session were present at this meeting, including Mr. John Sculling, but Mr. Sculling only remained a few minutes after we entered the room. There was a new gentleman present, but I do not know who he was. President Francis told me later that he was an insurance agent and that he held insurance on all the buildings then. I handed the bid, or rather Mr. Dumpy handed the bid to President Francis, who in turn handed it to Mr. Kennard, who opened it and read it aloud. The bid was for $101,000 for the buildings mentioned in the specifications, the intramural stations, the fence around the grounds (except the stadium fence), and the bridges. Mr. Francis held a whispered conversation with Mr. Taylor, and then turned to us and said that the committee had decided to let the contract that day, and that they would not wait until Friday for the bid on the other material, that is the rails and the copper wire, and that it would be necessary for me to put in my bid that night, as they would be in session until 11 p. m. I stated that I could not make an intelligent bid on such short notice, unless I was furnish with figures showing amount of rail and cable purchased by them. Mr. Taylor spoke up in addition to asked me if I knew a man by the name of Evans, of Chicago, who was in the wrecking business, I told him that I did not know a Mr. Evans, of Chicago, who was busy in the wrecking business, and that I was well up to date with all the top wrecking concerns with contractors in Chicago but had never heard of or met Mr. Evans, the gentleman referred to. Mr. Taylor asked me why I could not get in a bid in the same time that Mr. Evans got his in, and stated that Mr. Evans had submitted a bid on all the property from Chicago by wire in three hours. I stood up then and spoke to President Francis and said, "President Francis, how do you be acquainted with but that this bid of Mr. Evans may be a dummy?" President Francis arose from the table and stood opposite me, and, scratching his head, said: "Well, Mr. Drug, you include got me a guessing. There may be great in that." 
President Francis said to me, "Mr. Drug, I made a mistake this morning in giving you the number of tons of strengthen rail; there are 4,000 tons in its place of 2,000 tons of rail." I then told him that it would be not possible for me to give him any kind of an intelligent bid without some kind of a list of the property to figure on. President Francis stated that the matter would be settled that night and that I had until 11 p. m. to bring in my figures on all the property to be disposed of as shown by the specifications, and including the intramural station, the bridges, the fence around the grounds, the copper wire, and the railroad rails.
