"Hum!" 

"What does that mean? What kind of man is supposed to be represented by` Hum! You ask for? " 

Silence! Ned Talbot pursed his lips and shook his head stubbornly determined. The girls stared at him in silence for a couple of minutes. Maud then spoke again. 

"Do you refuse to say anything but 'Hum' in this matter, Ned?

"Of course!" 

"How interesting!" Nan folded his hands in glee. "How mysterious! How Sad! How terribly suspicious, I'm sure there's something terrible about him, and in this case it is even more interesting than the girls." 

"Nan!" 

"I can not help it. We know that many estimable people it would be nice to know someone thirsting for blood, for a change. Everything is so painfully common Waybourne they just ruin a mystery, as the Americans would say. Now, Mr. Talbot will not commit to a particular office, but his silence is more impressive than words. I'm sure there's a mystery: something too awful and terrible to be disclosed. " 

"You draw conclusions, Nan. It might be better state at once that there is nothing at all about the mysterious man I have mentioned - none of that, I assure you." 

"Nor thirsty for blood?" 

"Not in the slightest shadow of a bloodthirsty degree." 

"Not exciting, not sad, not so terrible?" 

"The farthest removed of these qualities." 

Nan complained with disappointment. 

"What a blow! Another zero! I hope, then, that his Vanburgh has nothing to do with ours, because it sounds terribly interesting. Do not worry, when you come to see us in the summer, we have solved the mystery ourselves, and be forced to get off our sale, you know. Have you heard anything about our sale? " 

"Er I - - yes, I heard something," - Ned began hesitantly. He turned his head toward Lilias, and then again stared at the plate, as she went for him in his sweet high voice - 

"Oh, yes, I told him. He has promised to come help me when I get tired. I can not handle the clearance alone! " 

Again, notice the subtle suggestion of how to Lilias, but this time was his pleasure to pass a martyr - a martyr poor, frail, who had been delegated a difficult and thankless, while their partners play in the sun. Nothing can be said of a tacit accusation, especially in the presence of a stranger, but the sisters exchanged significant glances over the table and stamped Nan foot so violently that young Elsie melancholy squirmed in his seat. The best protection for the sentiments of the family would change the subject, while Chrissie proceeded to do. 

"But take before we see you again before mid-summer?" He asked anxiously. "Is it really the only visit we will pay this time? Three hours skimpy! In general, you come and stay over a Sunday at least. Can not you come again before going north?" Mother and the father was home on Thursday. " 

Ned Talbot suddenly flushed, and bit his lips under his mustache. He was obviously struggling with a spasm of nervousness, and Maud both noticed and wondered about its meaning, even when blessed Christabel in his heart for his suggestion welcome. Surely, surely would not refuse Ned! 

"You are very kind," he said slowly. "I had thought of asking if he could come. I am anxious to speak with Mrs. Rendell. If he would not mind that I have from Saturday until Monday shortly after his return, I would love to come. "He looked inquiringly at Maud as he spoke, and she smiled a happy assent. 

"I'm pretty sure it will be convenient, but I'll tell you-mother when she returns, and she will write herself. You will probably hear on Friday." 

"Thanks, I hope I may. This afternoon was too short, and have not had time for anything. Not even a glance Kittay. It is absurd to have been to Waybourne when you have not seen "Kittay ', not, Christabel?"
