"Humph!" 
"What does that mean? What sort of man is supposed to be represented by `Humph!' may we ask?" 
Silence! Ned Talbot screwed up his lips and shook his head with determined contumacy. The girls stared at him in silence for a good two minutes. Then a gray plaid spoke again. 
"Do you to condescend to say anything but `Humph' on the subject, Ned?" 
"Absolutely!" 
"How very interesting!" Nan clasped her hands in delight. "How mysterious! How gloomy! How frightfully suspicious! I'm sure there's something very dreadful about him, and in that case he will be even more interesting than the girls." 
"Nan!" 
"I can't help it. We know so many estimable people that it would be delightful to meet somebody eager to shed blood, for a change. Everything in Way point aimed at; goal is so painfully a platitude that we are simply spoiling for a mystery, as the Americans would say. Now, Mr. Talbot won't commit himself to a definite charge, but his silence is more impressive than words. I'm sure there's a mystery: something too frightful and terrible to be of divulge." 
"You leap to conclusions, Nan. Perhaps I had better state at once that there is nothing at all incomprehensible about the man I mentioned--nothing of the kind, I assure you." 
"Nor bloodthirsty?" 
"Nor in the faintest shadow of a degree bloodthirsty." 
"Nor thrilling, nor gloomy, nor terrible?" 
"The farthest possible remove from such qualities." 
Nan groaned with disappointment. 
"What a blow! Another nonentity! I hope, then, that your Van burgh has nothing to do with ours, for he sounds terribly uninteresting. Never mind; when you come down to see us in the summer, we shall have solved the mystery for ourselves; and you will be obliged to come down for our sale, you know. Have you heard anything about our sale?" 
"I--err--yes; I heard something,"--began Ned hesitatingly. He half turned his head towards Lilia’s, and then once more stared down at his plate, while she continued for him, in her sweet flute-like voice-- 
"Oh yes; I told him about it. He has promised to come and help me when I get tired. I can't manage the punt all alone!" 
Once again was noticed the subtle suggestiveness of Lilia’s manner; but this time it was her highly pleasing to pose as a martyr--a poor, fragile martyr, to whom had been of depute a hard and ungrateful task, while her companions played in the sunshine. Nothing could be said against an unspoken the declaration containing the charge, especially in the presence of a stranger; but the sisters exchanged meaning glances across the table, and Nan stamped so violently upon Elsie's foot that that melancholy young person writhed on her seat. The best safeguard to the feelings of the family was to change the subject, which Chrissie at once proceeded to do. 
"But Shan’s we see you again before midsummer?" she inquired eagerly. "Is this really the only visit you are going to pay us this time? Three skimpy hours! You generally come and stay over a Sunday at least. Can't you come again before you go north? Mother and father will be home on Thursday." 
Ned Talbot flushed suddenly, and bit his lips under his moustache. He was evidently struggling with a sudden of nervousness; and Maud noticed as much, and wondered as to its meaning, even as she blessed Cristobel in her heart for her welcome suggestion. Surely, surely Ned would not refuse! 
"You are very kind," he said slowly. "I had thought of asking if I might come. I am anxious to talk to Mrs. Rendell. If it would not be inconvenient to have me from Saturday till Monday so soon after her return, I should very much like to come." He looked inquiringly at Maud as he spoke, and she smiled a happy assent. 
"I am quite sure it will be convenient; but I'll tell-mother the moment she returns, and she will write to you herself. You will probably hear on Friday." 
"Thank you; I hope I may. This afternoon has been all too short, and I have not had time for anything. Not even a glance of `Kittay.' It's contrary to reason or propriety to pretend to have been to Way Bourne when one has not seen `Kittay'; isn't it, Cristobel?"
