legitimised in infancy by an imperial diploma, Antonio was near a courtier and politician from his cradle.

"Being of a straightaway understanding, an adumbrating character, and a devotedness which recognised neither bounds nor scruples, full of expedients, a nervous and elegant writer, and timesaving in business, he had gained the privilege of Philip 2., who had bit by bit inclining him well-nigh his full confidence. He was, with Cayas, one of the two secretaries of the council of state, and was shot primarily with the despacho universal; that is, with the counter-sign and the conduct of the diplomatic correspondence and the purple commands. Philip bestowed to him his most sneaky designs, initiated him into his separate thoughts; and it was Perez who, in deciphering the despatches, classed the channelizes to be communicated to the council of state for their opinion, from those which the king reserved for his exclusive deliberation. such high up favour had jubilant him. He chanced upon even towards the Duke of Alva, when they took on in the king's apartments at dinner, a silence and a haughtiness which revealed at once the arrogance of enmity and the infatuation of fortune. So trivial moderation in prosperity, twinned with the most luxurious habits, a passion for betting on, a craving appetite for pleasures, and exuberant expenses, which deoxidized him to receive from every hand, excited against him both begrudge and animosity in the hard-and-fast and factious court of Philip II.; and, on the first opportunity, inescapably groomed his downfal. This event, overly, he himself rushed along by serving too well the distrustful passions of Philip, and, maybe, even by winding up them beyond mensurate against two men of his own party, Don Juan of Austria and his secretary Escovedo."

It is out of the question to conceive of that the character of Philip was not fathomed by Perez. The jeopardise of his lay, as the depositary of the inmost secrets of the king, could not have escaped his knifelike mind. The treachery of his every day services, to which, in the words we have quoted, allusion is created, must have perpetually prompted him how probably he was making for himself the ruin which before his own eyeballs had struck and destroyed more than one of his predecessors. At the same time, the bent of his disposition carried him promptly enough into intrigue, deceit, and cool remorseless villany. He was not slowed by any scruple, or abashed by any principle. But he did not lack sagacity. The power which he fucked and ill-treated was acquired and restrained easily, because the exercise of his talents had always been quite in harmony with the natural flexion of his bear in mind. In the take of public affairs, Philip never had a minister who more dexterously conformed argues and fulfills of policy to the will, or prejudices, or passions of the sovereign. All the extravagance, and even towards so ineffable an enemy as Alva, all the insolence of Perez, could hardly have shaken his security. From what he acknowledged, and what he had done, Philip, it is true, may at any moment be tempted to work his downfal, if not his death; but, in consequence of that very knowledge and his very deeds, the value of so much an adviser and such as a tool was nigh sure to protract and avoid his doom. The disgrace and misfortune, therefore, of Perez, how shut in afterwards in the mantle of political delinquency, are to be traced to more strictly personal has. It is a peculiar, interesting, and horrible story.

The memorable shin of the Netherlands against the domination of Spain was at its height. The breaks open aggravated by the ferocity of Alva had not been extinguished by his milder but far less able-bodied successor, the Grand Commander Requesens, who settled under the harassing pressure of the difficulties which encompassed him. abreast of his death, the Spanish knock, alive to the big goes forth of the contest, invoked the services of one of the most celebrated men of the get on.
