Antonio was literally a courtier and politician from his cradle, legitimated in infancy by an imperial diploma. 

A suggestive character, and a devotedness which knew neither bounds nor sense of morale, full of expedients, a nervous and elegant writer. Efficiently fast in business, he had gained the favour of Philip II.

His entire confidence was build upon the quality of quick to understand. He was with Cayas, one of the two secretaries of the council of state, and was charged principally with the handling universal.  With the counter-sign and the conduct of the diplomatic correspondence and the royal commands. Philip imparted to him his most secret designs, initiated him into his private thoughts.  Perez was  deciphering the despatches, separated the points to be communicated to the council of state for their opinion. From those which the king reserved for his exclusive deliberation. These high favour had intoxicated him. He even affected Duke of Alva, when they met in the king's apartments at dinner, a silence and a great pride which revealed at once the arrogance of enmity and the infatuation of fortune.

The first opportunity of power inevitably prepared his downfall. Little moderation in prosperity, combined with  most luxurious habits with a passion for gaming, craving appetite for pleasures, and excessive expenses, which reduced him to receive from every hand, excited against him both envy and animosity in the austere and factious court of Philip II. This event too, he himself hastened by serving too well the distrustful passions of Philip.  Even by exciting them beyond measure against two men of his own party, Don Juan of Austria and his secretary Escovedo.

The character of Philip was not measured by Perez, is impossible. The depositary of the innermost secrets of the king, could not have escaped his acute mind is the peril of his position. The treachery of his daily services,  must have perpetually reminded him how probably he was preparing for himself the ruin which before his own eyes had struck and destroyed more than one of his predecessors.The bent of his disposition carried him readily enough into intrigue, same time,  deceit, and cool remorseless villany. He was not retarded  or abashed by any principle. But he did not lack readiness. The exercise of his talents had always been quite in harmony with the natural flexion of his mind. Philip never had a minister who more dexterously conformed reasons and actions of policy to the will passions of the sovereign. All the extravagance, and even towards so terrible an enemy as Alva, all the insolence of Perez, could hardly have shaken his security. From what he knew, and what he had done, Philip, it is true, might at any moment be tempted to work his downfal, if not his death. The disgrace and misfortune of Perez, enveloped afterwards in the mantle of political delinquency.  A curious, interesting, and horrible story.

The Grand Commander Requesens, who sank under the harassing pressure of the difficulties which encompassed him struggle of the Netherlands against the domination of Spain was at its height. Flames kindled by the ferocity of Alva had not been extinguished by his milder but far less able successor. The Spanish court, upon his death, alive to the momentous issues of the contest, invoked the services of one of the most celebrated men of the age.
