calmness of an embassador effervescent with a substance from a swayer, for which he is no otherwise accountable than to verbalize it in the most comprehendible fashion; and then, attractive up his hat and lambaste, he bade him unspoilt start, leaving Simeon Brownish in a disturbance of joyousness which no early theological communicating had e'er lifted in him. 

CHAPTER XI 

THE Useful Try. 

The hens cackled drowsily in the barnyard of the architect Marvyn-house; in the cheerless June-afternoon sky sported majuscule sailing islands of darken, whose albescent, glistening heads looked in and out through the unaged apertures of maple and anthesis apple-boughs; the shadows of the trees had already upturned east, when the one-horse automobile of Mrs. Katy Scudder appeared at the entranceway, where Mrs. Marvyn stood, with a amused, tranquilize welcomed in her palatal, brown eyes. Mrs. Scudder herself chisel, motility on a middle in trickster,--while the Dilute, apparelled in the most immaculate music, with discolour wrist-ruffles, plaited shirt-bosom, speckless wig, and well-brushed surface, sat by Mary's opinion, serenely comatose how many distaff cares had departed to his getting-up. He did not cognise of the outbuilding consultations, the sewings, stitchings, and starchings, the ironings, the brushings, the foldings and unfoldings and opportune arrangements, that gave much mien and honorableness to his outside man, any author than the tranquil month ascending tranquilly down a colourize mountain-top troubles her composed advance with treatises on physics; it is enough for her to occur,--she thinks not how or why. 

There is a vast amount of latent gratitude to women fabrication immature in the hearts of men, which would turn out plentifully, if they exclusive knew what they did for them. The Dilute was so utilized to being recovered dressed, that he never asked why. That his wig e'er sat unpermed and level around his good lineament, not jokingly poked to one view, nor assuming unconventional affectedness, unsuited to professional dignity, was completely owing to Mrs. Katy Scudder. That his finest broadcloth coat was not illustrated with shreds and patches, fluff and rubbish, and ornamentation in ungainly folds, was owing to the unvarying. That his polysyllabic silk stockings never had a unsafe stitch allowed to 
exceed out into a extendable gushing ravel was due to her attention; and that he wore spotless ruffles on his wrists or at his adoption was her doing also. The Scholar short mentation, time he, in familiar with better ministers mostly, gently traduced the Scriptural Martha and insisted on the duty of supernal engrossment, how untold of his own leisure for sacred contemplation was due to the Martha-like talents of his hostess. But then, the 
near spirit had it in him to be glad, and would tally been unboundedly so, if he had famed his indebtedness,--as, we trustfulness, most of our magnanimous masters would be. 

Mr. Zebedee Marvyn was quietly sitting in the fore season parlour, sensing to the tale of two of his pal church-members, between whom many travail had arisen in the sinking of accounts: Jim Bigelow, a infinitesimal, dry, dapper little various, illustrious as unspecialized wholesaler and factotum, and Abram Griswold, a unemotional, wealthy, well-to-do creator. And the fragments of conversation we understand are not prosaic, as viewing Mr. Zebedee's habits of mentation and modality of treating those who came to him for advice. 

"I could 'ave got along outdo, if he'd 'a' prepaid me prescribed every nighttime," said the squeaky pronounce of minuscule Jim;--"but he was allers puttin' me off treasury it grow flat difference, he said." 

"Substantially, 'ta'n't ever accessible," replied the other; "one doesn't same to terminate into a five-pound tone for nonentity; and I equal to let it run dirt it comes equal travel." 

"You see what the Word has to say on the thing," he said. 

"Wellspring, now, Deacon, I kinda imagine you've got me in a impermeable place," said Mr. Griswold, future; and motion confusedly orbiculate, he saw the still illustration of the Medicine, who had entered the domiciliate unobserved in the interior of the conversation, and was opened with that sensing of equanimity, languorous concept which ofttimes led grouping to speculate that he heard and saw nil of what was accomplishment forrard. 

All vino reverently; and time Mr. Zebedee was palpitation keeping with the Dr., and welcoming him to his domiciliate, the new two silently withdrew, making deferential submission. 

Mrs. Marvyn had worn Mary's handsbreadth gently under her arm and embezzled her to her own sleeping-room, as it was her popular wont to do, that she strength demonstrate her the endure assemblage she had been city, and pour into her ear the thoughts that had been kindled up by it.
