The Doctor delivered this inscription to his bloke
 of liking with the tranquillity of an ambassador charged with a letter from a queen, for which he is no otherwise accountable than to natter it in the most intelligible directions; and then, fascinating
 up his boater
 and cane, he bade him moral morning, leaving Simeon Brown in a vortex of excitement which no previous scriptual dialectic had ever raised in him.

CHAPTER XI

THE PRACTICAL TEST.

The hens cackled drowsily in the barnyard of the white Marvyn-abode; in the unhappy June-afternoon sky sported revered
 sailing islands of mist, whose white, glistening heads looked in and out through the green apertures of maple and blossoming apple-boughs; the shadows of the trees had already rancid eastward, when the one-horse wagon of Mrs. Katy Scudder appeared at the door, where Mrs. Marvyn stood, with a appreciative, tranquillity salute in her soft, brown eyes. Mrs. Scudder herself drove, sitting on a seat in facade,--while the Doctor, apparelled in the most faultless beauty
, with white wrist-ruffles, plaited shirt-bosom, immaculate wig, and well-brushed coat, sat by Mary's feature, serenely unschooled
 how many feminine cares had elapsed to his fascinating

-up. He did not identify
 of the privy consultations, the sewings, stitchings, and starchings, the ironings, the brushings, the foldings and unfoldings and timely arrangements, that gave such dignity and respectability to his outer bloke
, any other
 than the serene moon rising tranquilly unpunctual a purple heap-pinnacle
 troubles her peace captain with treatises on astronomy; it is enough for her to shine,--she thinks not how or why.

There is a lofty
 number of potential
 gratitude to women lying undeveloped in the hearts of men, which would come out plentifully, if they only knew what they did for them. The Doctor was so used to being well dressed, that he never asked why. That his wig always sat lustreless and even around his plump forehead, not facetiously poked to one feature, nor assuming dissolute
 airs, unsuited to clerical dignity, was entirely owing to Mrs. Katy Scudder. That his pinnacle
 broadcloth coat was not illustrated with shreds and patches, fluff and dust, and hanging in ungainly folds, was owing to the duplicate. That his long silk stockings never had a untrue
 stitch allowed to leave
 out into a long running ladder was due to her watchfulness; and that he wore immaculate ruffles on his wrists or at his bosom was her doing also. The Doctor minimal abstraction
, while he, in normal with moral ministers generally, gently traduced the Scriptural Martha and insisted on the dutifulness of heavenly abstractedness, how much of his engross
 leisure for metaphysical
 contemplative was due to the Martha-like talents of his hostess. But then, the moral gist
 had it in him to be relieved
, and would engross
 been unboundedly so, if he had confidential
 his indebtedness,--as, we trust, most of our magnanimous masters would be.

Mr. Zebedee Marvyn was quietly sitting in the facade summer parlor, listening to the news of two of his hallowed shrine-members, between whom some difficulty had arisen in the settling of accounts: Jim Bigelow, a wry
, barrenness, dapper minimal bloke
, confidential
 as ordinary jobber and factotum, and Abram Griswold, a stolid, rich, well-to-do farmer. And the fragments of conversation we arrest
 are not uninteresting, as showing Mr. Zebedee's habits of abstraction
 and manner of treating those who came to him for advice.

"I could 'ave got along reform, if he'd 'a' paid me rent every night," said the squeaky voice of minimal Jim;--"but he was allers puttin' me off till it come even costumier
, he said."

"Well, 'ta'n't always handy," replied the other; "one doesn't like to leave
 into a five-pound communication for nothingness
; and I like to lease it run till it comes even costumier
."

"You see what the Bible has to say on the problem," he said.

"Well, now, Deacon, I rather assume you've got me in a tight identify," said Mr. Griswold, rising; and turning confusedly lap, he truism
 the placid omen of the Doctor, who had entered the room unobserved in the midst of the conversation, and was staring with that look of peace, dreamy abstraction which often led kinsfolk
 to plan that he heard and truism
 nothingness
 of what was going bold.

All rose reverently; and while Mr. Zebedee was shaking hands with the Doctor, and welcoming him to his abode, the other two silently withdrew, forging
 respectful obeisance.

Mrs. Marvyn had raddled Mary's hand gently below her arm and taken her to her engross
 sleeping-room, as it was her ordinary characteristic to do, that she might exhibit her the last narrative
 she had been rendering, and pour into her ear the thoughts that had been kindled up by it.
