A Doctor delivered an address to his man of influence with the calmness of an ambassador wh was charged with a message from sovereign, for which was not responsible than to speak it in the most sharp manner; and then, taking up his hat and cane, he bade him good morning, leaving Simeon confused noise of excitement which no previous apostolic discussion had ever raised on him.

CHAPTER XI

THE PRACTICAL TEST.

The hens cackled slowly in the barnyard of the white Marvyn-house in the blue June-afternoon sky sported great sailing islands of the cloud, whose white, shining heads looked in and out through the green passage of maple and blossoming apple-boughs; the shadows of the trees had already turned eastward, when the one-horse wagon of Mrs. Katy Scudder arrived at the door, where Mrs. Marvyn stood, with a delight, quiet welcome in her soft, brown eyes, Mrs. Scudder herself drove, sitting on a seat in front, --while the Doctor, in the most faultless style apparell with white wrist wrist ruffles, plaited shirt-bosom, very clean wig, and well brushed coat, sat by Mary's side, serenly unconscious how any girlish cares had gone o his getting-up. He did not know of the private consultations, the sewing, stitching and starching, the ironings, the brushing, the foldings and unfoldings and timely arrangements, that gave such nobility and respectability to his outer man, any more than the calm moon rising tranquilly behind a purple mountain-top troubles her calm head with treatises on astronomy; it is enough for her to shine, --she thinks not how or why.

There is a large amount of hidden appreciation o women lying undeveloped in the hearts of men, which would come out plentifully, if they only knew what they did for them. The Doctor was so used to being well dressed, that he never asked why. That his wig was always sat straight and even around his sufficient forehead, not facetiously poke to one side, nor assuming charmong airs, unsuited to clerical dignity, was entirely owing to Mrs. Katy Scudder. That his best broadcloth coat was not illustrated with shreds and patches, down and dust, and hanging in ungainly folds, was owing to the same. That his long silk stockings never had a disloyal stitch allowed to break into a long running ladder was due to her watchfullness; and that he wore spotless mess up on his wrists or at his bosom was her doing also. The Doctor little thought, while he, in generally, violate the Scriptural Martha and insisted on the duty of heavenly abstractedness, ow much of his own free time for spiritual planning was due to the Martha-like talents of his hostess. But then, the good soul had it him to be grateful, and would have been unboundedly so, if he had known his indebtedness, --as, we trust, most of our giving and kind masters would be.

Mr. Zebedee Marvyn was quietly sitting in the front summer parlor, listening to the story of two his brother church-members, between whom some difficulty had arisen in the setting of accounts: Jim Bigelow, a small dry, dry, dapper little individual, known as general jobber and a handy person, andf Abram Griswold, a solid, wealthy, well-to-do farmer. And the fragments of conversation we catch are not uninteresting, as showing Mr. Zebedee's habits of thought and mode of treating those who came to him for aadvice.

"I could have got along better, if he had paid me regular every night," said the high pitched sound of little Jim;--"but he was allers puttin' me off till it come even change, he said."

"Well, 'ta'n't always handy,"replied the other;"one doesn't like to break into a five-pound note for nothing; and I like to let it run till it comes even change."

"You see what the Bible has to say on the matter,"he said.

"Well, now, Deacon, I rather think you've got me in a close place," said Mr. Griswold, rising; and turning confusedly round, he saw the calm figure of the Doctor, who had entered the room unobserved in the middle of the convesation, and was staring with that look of calm, dreamy abstraction which often led people to suppose that he heard and saw nothing of what was going forward.

All rose reverently; and while Mr. Zebedee was shaking hands with Doctor, and welcoming him to his house, the other two silently withdrew, making respectful obeisance.

Mrs. Marvyn had drawn Mary's hand gently under her arm and taken her to her own sleeping-room, as it was her general habit to do, that she might show her the last book he had been reading, and pour into her ear the thoughts that had been blaze up by it.
