
The Doctor delivered this address to his man of influence with the calmness of an ambassador
charged with a message from a sovereign, for which he is no otherwise responsible than to speak
it in the most intelligible manner; and then, taking up his hat and cane, he bade him good
morning, leaving Simeon Brown in a tumult of excitement which no previous theological discussion
had ever raised in him.

CHAPTER XI

THE PRACTICAL TEST.

The hens cackled drowsily in the barnyard of the white Marvyn-house; in the blue June-afternoon
sky sported great sailing islands of cloud, whose white, glistening heads looked in and out
through the green apertures of maple and blossoming apple-boughs; the shadows of the trees
had already turned eastward, when the one-horse wagon of Mrs. Katy Scudder appeared at the
door, where Mrs. Marvyn stood, with a pleased, quiet welcome in her soft, brown eyes. Mrs.
Scudder herself drove, sitting on a seat in front,--while the Doctor, apparelled in the most
faultless style, with white wrist-ruffles, plaited shirt-bosom, immaculate wig, and well-brushed
coat, sat by Mary's side, serenely unconscious how many feminine cares had gone to his getting-up.
He did not know of the privy consultations, the sewings, stitchings, and starchings, the ironings,
the brushings, the foldings and unfoldings and timely arrangements, that gave such dignity
and respectability to his outer man, any more than the serene moon rising tranquilly behind
a purple mountain-top troubles her calm head with treatises on astronomy; it is enough for
her to shine,--she thinks not how or why.

There is a vast amount of latent gratitude to women lying undeveloped in the hearts of men,
which would come out plentifully, if they only knew what they did for them. The Doctor was
so used to being well dressed, that he never asked why. That his wig always sat straight and
even around his ample forehead, not facetiously poked to one side, nor assuming rakish airs,
unsuited to clerical dignity, was entirely owing to Mrs. Katy Scudder. That his best broadcloth
coat was not illustrated with shreds and patches, fluff and dust, and hanging in ungainly folds,
was owing to the same. That his long silk stockings never had a treacherous stitch allowed
to break out into a long running ladder was due to her watchfulness; and that he wore spotless
ruffles on his wrists or at his bosom was her doing also. The Doctor little thought, while
he, in common with good ministers generally, gently traduced the Scriptural Martha and insisted
on the duty of heavenly abstractedness, how much of his own leisure for spiritual contemplation
was due to the Martha-like talents of his hostess. But then, the good soul had it in him to
be grateful, and would have been unboundedly so, if he had known his indebtedness,--as, we
trust, most of our magnanimous masters would be.

Mr. Zebedee Marvyn was quietly sitting in the front summer parlor, listening to the story of
two of his brother church-members, between whom some difficulty had arisen in the settling
of accounts: Jim Bigelow, a small, dry, dapper little individual, known as general jobber and
factotum, and Abram Griswold, a stolid, wealthy, well-to-do farmer. And the fragments of conversation
we catch are not uninteresting, as showing Mr. Zebedee's habits of thought and mode of treating
those who came to him for advice.

"I could 'ave got along better, if he'd 'a' paid me regular every night," said the squeaky
voice of little Jim;--"but he was allers puttin' me off till it come even change, he said."

"Well, 'ta'n't always handy," replied the other; "one doesn't like to break into a five-pound
note for nothing; and I like to let it run till it comes even change."

"You see what the Bible has to say on the matter," he said.

"Well, now, Deacon, I rather think you've got me in a tight place," said Mr. Griswold, rising;
and turning confusedly round, he saw the placid figure of the Doctor, who had entered the room
unobserved in the midst of the conversation, and was staring with that look of calm, dreamy
abstraction which often led people to suppose that he heard and saw nothing of what was going
forward.

All rose reverently; and while Mr. Zebedee was shaking hands with the Doctor, and welcoming
him to his house, the other two silently withdrew, making respectful obeisance.

Mrs. Marvyn had drawn Mary's hand gently under her arm and taken her to her own sleeping-room,
as it was her general habit to do, that she might show her the last book she had been reading,
and pour into her ear the thoughts that had been kindled up by it.

