The Catalogue of 1883  reported  that the  consecutive  was the  pattern  for the  consume  of the City books: "A  credit  of these  literature  may be  elicited  at the Free Library, from 11  towards  4  onto  any day of the week excepting Thursday,  via  application  towards  the Town Clerk,  whom   shall   resource  a Form  towards  be filled up  via  the applicant and forwarded  towards  the Chairman of the Libraries Committee." Now the  literature  are  printed   via  and at the discretion of the City Librarian, for  consume   within  the Reference Library,  within  accordance with the rules of the Public Library.

The City Committee, which is responsible for the City Library, provided within 1912 a wide exhibition instance within the Reading Room for the display of a number of of the many rare and interesting books.

DONORS.

The Library was formed almost fully via grants, especially from locally residents, incorporating bishops, deans, and else clergy, magistrates, merchants and tradesmen. The grants from the inception of the Library within 1608 towards 1737 are enumerated within the Vellum Book provided for the focus within 1659, towards which reference is made onto page 46. The former donation was a gift of fifteen volumes from Sir John Pettus whom was Mayor during the year of the base of the Library, viz., Severinus Binius' "Concilia generalia et provincialia," 4 vols. within 5, (Cologne, 1606), "Centuriones Magdeburgh," seven vols., (Basel), and Bellarmine's "Disputationes de controversiis Christianae Fidei," three vols., (Paris, 1608). His gift was pursued via one within the equivalent year from Susannah Downing, wife of Alderman George Downing, whom had been Mayor within the previous year. She provided Hieronymus Zanchius' "Opera theologica," eight vols. within three, 1605 (Excudebat Stephanus Gamonetus). In the consecutive year Thomas Corye, merchant, provided Luther's Works within seven vols. and three volumes of Ludwig Lavater's Commentaries, (Zurich); Sir Thomas Hirne, the Mayor, provided ten volumes of Calvin's works, and a polyglot Bible--Biblia Sacra, Hebraice, Graece, et Latine (1599), two vols.; Thomas Corbett provided St. Augustine's Works (Basel, 1569); and Henry Doyly provided St. Bernard's Works (Paris, 1586).

The three leader benefactors towards the Library were Richard Ireland, whom at the moment of his mortality was rector of Beeston, Norfolk; Thomas Nelson, rector of Morston, Norfolk; and John Kirkpatrick, a linen merchant, of Norwich, the eminent antiquary.

Ireland's bequest was made within 1692, and the entry within the Vellum Book is as follows:

"Mr Richard Ireland, Formerly Rector of Beeston and sometime also of St Edmonds within the Citty of Norwich whereas he was born, provided via his last Will everybody his Bookes towards the publick Library of the Citty: whereas they are predetermined up onto Shelves, and accordingly specifyed within the Catalogue of the Library, viz, the Folios onto Classis. 16 and the cheaper bookes onto Classis twenty and 21. with a number of others of the Old Citty Library distinguished within the remarked Catalogue.

"Memorandum. Some of Mr Irelands bookes which the Library was supplied with ahead of, are predetermined up within the outward Library towards be Sold and traded for others, as he provided leave." The gross number of volumes guided within the Library Catalogue of 1732 towards possess been granted via Ireland is 142.

The entry within the Vellum Book regarding Nelson's bequest within 1714 reads: "Mr Thomas Nelson Late Rector of Morston within the County of Norfolk provided via his Last Will and Testament All his Books unto the Publick Library of this City whereas they are spaced upon Six Shelves via Themselves within the Inner Room belonging towards the remarked Library with his Name Over them within Gold Letters." Numerically his gift was the biggest towards the Library, 570 volumes being assigned towards him within the Catalogue of 1732.

The bequest of Kirkpatrick is registered as pursues below date 1728: "Mr John Kirkpatrick Mercht and Treasurer towards the Great Hospital within this City did via his last Will and Testament Give (Note the consecutive are the very Words of his Will) To the Maior Sheriffs, Citizens & Commonalty aforesaid All my Ancient Manuscripts and everybody my Medals and Ancient Coins of Silver & Brass towards be reposited within their Library at the New-Hall.
