Young people, with a mournful face, speaking in the twilight of their disappointed hopes, and wondering if the evening will bring customers to small items have spent all their free time in the summer, hoping to add a large amount of depleted treasury to the town, when suddenly a child voice heard at the door, "I want to play my violin for some dinner."

No one saw that little boy with his pleading eyes, and his rich, soft voice and broken his foreign accent, while standing half-coated chill that night in November, can ever forget the image. They were at a loss to know what to do. They said: "But we do not want to hear your violin where you are coming from, and. What is your name, and where are you going? It's night and where you sleep?"

"I come from Billing, he said, holding his hands and the little brown shows scratches and said," I big brothers beat me and scratching me, and I run away. "

"But where you come from?" half a dozen eager girls asked all at once.

"Me not know my sleeping under the cart and me very cold I can not play my violin for a dinner ..?"

Tears began to run not only in the eyes of a homeless, but the tissues are in demand among all those who stood listening to the story, oblivious sales or profits at the moment, and intent only on feeding a little orphan, who was standing in front of them.

"Come," they said, "and you will have some dinner, and where to stay to night?"

"Me not know my mother died, my father is a return payment, and I cry .."

Interest has grown with every word he uttered, and excitement ran high among the enthusiastic young girls, each of whom fed and petted him a little man to face beamed with happiness. He never fell into the hands of as soon as possible, and his sorrow, and all childish sorrows, melted away in the first rays of goodness, love. He was placed on the flower-stand, and there among the flowers in the warm, cheerful room, he recalled his beautiful Italy, a country of flowers and notes of his little tent attracts visitors, so as the evening wore on, Dean found his friends and filling the pockets of all his pennies, and his eyes filled with joy. Pointing to one of the ladies, "he said in a mournful tone," No I do not like, no smile on me, but it - and my mother died, and I cry. "

But the evening wore away. The flowers are fading, people are leaving one by one, and the hall will soon be abandoned. What then will become a bad Dine? It was decided at length, after much consultation, that his place in the Orphans' Home.

The morning dawned and brought one of those clear, crisp November day that are common in our New England after rain, and Sam was taken to their new home. The Home for Orphan Boys a CMS, cheerful home, and when Jimmy was introduced to the type of man who is in charge and said that he would be a good boy should have at home, have dinner and supper, and a place to sleep as well as other little boys , he gave vent deliberately look around the sunny room, and then thrust his chubby little brown hand in the pocket of his torn, worn-out pants, and pulled further pennies that were Snug tucked away in their depths, and grateful smile, his black eyes pretty dance for joy, he gave them the superintendent, saying, "Give me a home, I give you pennies I was so 'fraid I freeze to death .."

It was touching to see how Sam kept him a little old fiddle. It seemed to be a link between the days in Italy, where he lived simple, happy life with his mother who seemed to love dearly, and a new home that has promised to give him shelter. His little old fiddle was a source of entertainment for many children, whose melody is easily caught, and soon became a great favorite. Visitors who came to Home always asked first for Dean, Italian boy, and rarely go without leaving something for the little man.

As the days and weeks wore away, Sam continuous improvement in mind and manners, and developed all the sweetness of heart and disposition, as he promised on that November morning, when he gave 'his pennies for the home. " At the end of five years he left home and are looking for a place where he could earn his living.

Adopted and the memory of the little River is fading from the hearts of those who befriended him, when a Saturday flight this afternoon stillness was broken by the sound of approaching feet, and the family sat on the broad piazza of the pleasant country house.
