The young people, with sorry faces, were talking in the dusk of their let down hopes, and wondering if the evening would bring customers for the little articles they had spent all their leisure summer hours upon, in the hope of adding a large sum to the depleted treasury of the town, when suddenly a child's voice was heard at the door, "Me want to play me swindle for some supper." 
No one who saw that tiny boy with his insistent eyes, and his rich, soft voice and his broken overseas accent, as he stood half clad in the chill of that November night, can ever forget the picture. They were at a loss to know what to do. They said, "But we don't want to hear your fiddle. Where did you come from, and what is your name, and where are you going? It is night and where will you sleep?" 
"Me come from Naples," he said; and holding out his little brown hands he displayed the scratches and said, "Me big brothers beat me, and scratch me, and me run away." 
"But where did you come from?" a half a dozen eager girls asked all at once. 
"Me don't know. Me sleep under cart and me very cold. Can't me play me fiddle for some supper?" 
The tears began to start not only in the eyes of the little waif, but handkerchiefs were in demand among all who stood listening to the story, forgetful of sales or profits for the moment, and intent only upon feeding the little orphan who stood before them. 
"Come," they said, "and you shall have some supper; but where will you stay to-night?" 
"Me don't know. Me mother die, me father go back to Naples, and me cry." 
The interest grew with every word he uttered, and the excitement ran high among the excited young girls, each of whom fed and petted him till the little fellow's countenance beamed with happiness. He had never fallen into such hands before, and his sorrows, like all childish sorrows, melted away under the first rays of loving compassion. He was placed on the flower-stand, and there among the flowers, in the warm, happy hall, he was remind of his own beautiful Italy, the ground of flowers; and the notes of his little swindle paying attention the visitors so that as the evening wore on, Dino found his friends increasing and his pockets filling with pennies, and his eyes overflowing with joy. Pointing to one of the ladies, he said in a plaintive tone, "Nobody loves me, no one smile on me but her--and my mother die and I cry." 
But the evening was wearing away. The flowers were fading, the people were leaving one by one, and the hall would soon be deserted. What then would become of poor Dino? It was determined at length, after much consultation, to place him in the Orphans' Home. 
The morning dawn and bring one of those clear, crisp November days which are ordinary in our New England after a rain, and Dino was taken to his new home. This Home for Orphan Boys is a covey, cheerful house, and when Dino was introduce to the kind man who has charge and told if he would be a good boy he should have a home there, have dinners and suppers, have a place to sleep like other little boys, he gave a sigh of relief, took a purposeful look around the sunny room, and then thrust his little brown chubby hand into the pocket of his torn, dilapidated trousers, and drew forth the pennies that were snugly tucked away in their depths, and with a grateful smile, his black eyes fairly dancing for joy, he handed them to the superintendent, saying, "You give me home, I give you my pennies. I was so 'fraud I freeze to death." 
It was moving to see how Dino cling to his small old swindle. It seemed to be the one between link between the days in Italy where he had lived an easy, happy life with his mother whom he seemed to love so dearly, and the new home which promise to give him shelter. His little old fiddle was a source of much amusement to the children, whose tunes he willingly caught, and he soon became a great favorite. The visitors who came to the Home always asked first for Dino, the Italian boy, and seldom went away without leaving amazing for the little fellow. 
As the days and weeks wore away, Dino continually better in mind and manners, and developed all the sweetness of heart and nature that he promised on that November morning when he gave "his pennies for a home." At the end of five years he left the Home and sought a place where he could earn his own living. 
Years passed and the memory of little Dino was fading out of the hearts of those who had befriended him, when the Sabbath stillness of a midsummer day was broken by the sound of approaching footsteps, as the family sat on the broad piazza of a pleasant country house.
