If the lists of genera appended hereto be
perused, it will be seen that nearly all the cases occur in genera where the inflorescence
is distinctly separated from the other branches of the stem. In direct proportion, then, to
the degree in which one region of the axis or certain branches of a plant are devoted to the
formation of flower-buds to the exclusion of leaf-buds, is the frequency with which those flowers
become affected with floral prolification.

Flowers produced upon indefinite inflorescences are liable to be affected with either form
of prolification more frequently than those borne upon definite inflorescences. Prolification
in both varieties is also more frequently met with in branched inflorescences than in those
in which the flowers are sessile; but the degree of branching seems less material, inasmuch
as this malformation is more commonly recorded as occurring in racemes than in the more branched
panicles, &c. From the similar arrest of growth in length, in the case of the flower, to that
which occurs in the stem in the case of definite inflorescence, it might have been expected
that axillary prolification would be more frequent in plants having a cymose arrangement of
their flowers than in those whose inflorescence is indefinite; such, however, is not the case.
The reason for this may be sought for in the lengthening of the floral axis, so common in prolified
flowers--a condition the reverse of that which happens in the case of definite inflorescence.

Median prolification occurs frequently in double flowers; the axillary variety, on the other
hand, is most common in flowers whose lateral organs have assumed more or less of the condition
of leaves. The other coincident changes are alluded to elsewhere or do not present useful points
of comparison, and may therefore be passed over.

=Prolification of the inflorescence.=--This consists in the formation of leaf-buds or of an
undue number of flower-buds on the inflorescence. It must be distinguished from virescence,
or the mere green colour of the floral organs, and from chloranthy, in which all or the greater
portion of the parts of the flower are replaced by leaves. Prolification is, in fact, a formation
of supernumerary buds, leafy or floral, as the case may be, these buds being sessile or stalked,
the ordinary buds being not necessarily changed. Prolification of the inflorescence, like the
other varieties, admits of subdivision, not only according to the foliar or floral nature of
the bud, but according to its position, terminal or median and lateral.

Terminal prolification of the inflorescence, whether leafy or floral, is hardly to be looked
upon in the light of a malformation[105] seeing that a similar condition is so commonly met
with normally, as in Epacris, Metrosideros, Bromelia, Eucomis, &c., wherein the leafy axis
projects beyond the inflorescence proper; or as in Primula imperialis, in which plant, as also
in luxuriant forms of P. sinensis, tier after tier of flowers are placed in succession above
the primary umbel. Nevertheless, when we meet with such conditions in plants which, under ordinary
circumstances, do not manifest them, we must consider them as coming under the domain of teratology.

=Median foliar prolification of the inflorescence= is frequently met with in Coniferæ, and
has of late attracted unwonted attention from the researches of Caspary, Baillon, and others,
on the morphology of these plants. The scales and bracts of the cone in these abnormal specimens
frequently afford transitional forms of the greatest value in enabling morphologists to comprehend
the real nature of the floral structure. It would be irrelevant here to enter into this subject;
suffice it merely to say that an examination of very numerous specimens of this kind, in the
common larch and in Cryptomeria Japonica, has enabled me to verify nearly the whole of Caspary's
observations. A similar prolongation of the axis occurred in some of the male catkins of Castanea
vesca, each of which had a tuft of small leaves at their extremity. In the common marigold
and in Lotus corniculatus I have also seen instances of this kind. Kirschleger[106] describes
a tuft of leaves as occurring on the apex of the flowering spike after the maturation of the
fruit in Plantago, and a similar growth frequently takes place in the common wallflower, in
Antirrhinum majus, &c. In cases where a renewal of growth in the axis of inflorescence has
taken place after the ripening of the fruit, the French botanists use the term recrudescence,
but the growth in question by no means always occurs after the ripening of the fruit, but frequently
before.
