If the genealogies appended hereto be perused, will see that almost all cases occur in the genera Where is the flower clearly separated from other branches of the tribe. In direct proportion, then, the degree to which one region of the axis or certain plants dedicated to creating flower-buds at the expense of leaf-buds, is the frequency with which these are affected by flowers, floral prolification.

Flowers made indefinite inflorescence may be affected either by prolification more frequently than those who bear the ultimate flowering. Prolification in both varieties is also frequently met with in branched inflorescences than those in which the flowers are sessile, but the degree of branching seems less material, since this strain is more commonly reported as occurring in grapes, more than in branched panicles, & c. For similar arrest of growth in length, with regard to flowers, to that which occurs in the stalk when the flowers finally, one might expect that the axillary prolification would be more common in plants with their configuration cymosa flowers than in those the inflorescence is of indefinite duration, such as but not so. The reason may be sought in the extension of the floral axis, so common in prolified flowers - state of the reverse, which happens if the final flowering.

Median prolification occurs frequently in flowers, axillary varieties, on the other hand, is most common in the flowers, whose side the authorities have assumed a more or less leaves the state. More consistent changes alluded to elsewhere, or not useful comparisons, and can therefore be passed.

= Prolification of inflorescence .=-- This consists of making leaf-buds or a disproportionate amount of flower buds, the inflorescence. It should be distinguished from virescence, or merely green floral organs, and from chlorantha, in which all or most of the flower parts are replaced by leaves. Prolification is, in fact, may be the emergence of supernumerary buds, leaf or flower, if these buds are sessile or pedunculated, normal buds are not changed. Prolification of flowers, as well as other varieties, allows cutting, and not only according to leaf or flower bud character, but of its location, terminal or medial and lateral.

Prolification terminal inflorescence of either leaf or flower, can hardly be viewed in light of the malformation [105] see that a similar condition is so commonly encountered normally, as in Epacris, Metrosideros, Bromelia, Eucomis, & c., and leafy inflorescence axis projects beyond the right, or as in Primula imperialis, in which the equipment, as well as flowering form of P. sinensis, the degree of the number of flowers are placed behind the primary umbel. Yet, when we encounter these conditions in plants that normally do not manifest, we must consider them as falling within the scope of teratology.

= Median of inflorescence leaves prolification = is often met St. Coniferae and late attracted the attention of an unusual research Caspary, Baillon, and others, on the morphology of the plant. Scales and bracts on the cone in these abnormal individuals often provide the greatest value of intermediate forms allowing to understand the true nature morphologists floral structures. It would be irrelevant here to enter into this subject, suffice it to say only that the review of a large number of specimens of this species, the common larch, and Cryptomeria japonica, has enabled me to verify nearly all expression is Caspary. Similar extension of the axis occurred in some male catkins of Castanea vesca, each with tuft of small leaves at the end. In the common marigold, and Lotus corniculatus I have also seen cases of this kind. Kirschleger [106] describes a bunch of leaves as they appear on the top of the flowering tip for ripening fruit in Plantago, and similar growth often takes place in the common chicory, Antirrhinum majus in, & c. In cases in which renewed growth in the inflorescence axis occurred after aging fruit, French botanists use the term to re-emerge, but growth is by no means always the case after ripening fruit, but often before.
