If the lists of genera appended hereto be perused, it will be seen that nearly all the cases occur in genera where the inflorescence is distinctly separated from the other branches of the stem. In direct proportion, then, to the degree in which one region of the axis or certain branches of a plant are devoted to the formation of flower-buds to the exclusion of leaf-buds, is the frequency with which those flowers become affected with floral proliferation. 
Flowers produced upon indefinite inflorescences are liable to be affected with either form of proliferation more frequently than those borne upon definite inflorescences. Proliferation in both varieties is also more frequently met with in branched inflorescences than in those in which the flowers are sessile; but the degree of branching seems less material, inasmuch as this malformation is more commonly recorded as occurring in racemes than in the more branched panicles, &c. From the similar arrest of growth in length, in the case of the flower, to that which occurs in the stem in the case of definite inflorescence, it might have been expected that maxillary proliferation would be more frequent in plants having a cymosely arrangement of their flowers than in those whose inflorescence is indefinite; such, however, is not the case. The reason for this may be sought for in the lengthening of the floral axis, so common in pro-life flowers--a condition the reverse of that which happens in the case of definite inflorescence. 
Median proliferation occurs frequently in double flowers; the maxillary variety, on the other hand, is most common in flowers whose lateral organs have assumed more or less of the condition of leaves. The other coincident changes are eluded to elsewhere or do not present useful points of comparison, and may therefore be passed over. 
=Proliferation of the inflorescence.=--This consists in the configuration of leaf-buds or of an undue number of flower-buds on the inflorescence. It must be notable from evanescence, or the mere green color of the floral organs, and from chloranthy, in which all or the greater portion of the parts of the flower are replaced by leaves. Proliferation is, in fact, a formation of supernumerary buds, leafy or floral, as the case may be, these buds being sessile or stalked, the ordinary buds being not necessarily changed. Proliferation of the inflorescence, like the other varieties, admits of subdivision, not only according to the foliar or floral nature of the bud, but according to its position, terminal or median and lateral. 
Terminal proliferation of the inflorescence, whether leafy or floral, is only just to be looked upon in the light of a malformation [105] seeing that a similar state is so commonly met with normally, as in Epacris, Metrosideros, Bromeliad, Encomia, &c., wherein the leafy axis projects beyond the inflorescence proper; or as in Primal imperialist, in which plant, as also in luxuriant forms of P. saneness, tier after tier of flowers are placed in succession above the primary umbel. Nevertheless, when we meet with such circumstances in plants which, under normal circumstances, do not obvious them, we must consider them as coming under the domain of teratology. 
=Median foliar proliferation of the inflorescence= is normally met with in Conifer, and has of late attracted unwonted attention from the researches of Caspar, Billon, and others, on the morphology of these plants. The scales and bracts of the cone in these abnormal specimens frequently afford transitional forms of the greatest value in enabling morphologists to comprehend the real nature of the floral structure. It would be irrelevant here to enter into this subject; suffice it only to say that an examination of very numerous specimen of this kind, in the common larch and in Cryptomeria Japonica, has enable me to bear out nearly the whole of Caspar’s observations. A similar continuation of the axis occurred in some of the male catkins of Castaneda visa, each of which had a tuft of small leaves at their extremity. In the common marigold and in Lotus corniculatus I have also seen instances of this kind. Kirsch Léger [106] describes a tuft of leaves as happening on the apex of the flowering spike after the maturation of the fruit in Plant ago, and a similar growth frequently takes place in the common wallflower, in Antirrhinum magus, &c. In cases where a renewal of growth in the axis of inflorescence has taken place after the ripening of the fruit, the French botanists use the term recrudescence, but the growth in question by no means always occur after the ripen of the fruit, but often before.
