Surely we had a better right to expect at the hands of
Hunt a sketch of that remarkable writer, than of Coleridge, of whom he saw comparatively little.
We also expected to find some allusion to the "Round Table," a series of essays which appeared
in the Examiner, about 1815, written chiefly by Hazlitt, but amongst which are about a dozen
by Hunt himself, some of them perhaps the best things he has written: we need only allude to
"A Day by the Fire," a paper eminently characteristic of the author, and we doubt not fully
appreciated by those who know his writings. Hunt regrets having re-cast the "Story of Rimini,"
and tells us that a new edition of the poem is meditated, in which, while retaining the improvement
in the versification, he proposes to restore the narrative to its first course.

We take leave of the work, with a few more characteristic passages.

       *       *       *       *       *

COOKE'S EDITION OF THE BRITISH POETS.--In those times, Cooke's edition of the British Poets
came up. I had got an odd volume of Spenser; and I fell passionately in love with Collins and
Gray. How I loved those little sixpenny numbers, containing whole poets! I doated on their
size; I doated on their type, on their ornaments, on their wrappers containing lists of other
poets, and on the engraving from Kirk. I bought them over and over again, and used to get up
select sets, which disappeared like buttered crumpets; for I could resist neither giving them
away nor possessing them. When the master tormented me, when I used to hate and loathe the
sight of Homer, and Demosthenes, and Cicero, I would comfort myself with thinking of the sixpence
in my pocket, with which I should go out to Paternoster Row, when school was over, and buy
another number of an English poet.

       *       *       *       *       *

CHILDREN'S BOOKS: "SANDFORD AND MERTON."--The children's books in those days were Hogarth's
pictures taken in their most literal acceptation. Every good boy was to ride in his coach,
and be a lord mayor; and every bad boy was to be hung, or eaten by lions. The gingerbread was
gilt, and the books were gilt like the gingerbread: a "take in" the more gross, inasmuch as
nothing could be plainer or less dazzling than the books of the same boys when they grew a
little older. There was a lingering old ballad or so in favor of the gallanter apprentices
who tore out lions' hearts and astonished gazing sultans; and in antiquarian corners, Percy's
"Reliques" were preparing a nobler age, both in poetry and prose. But the first counteraction
came, as it ought, in the shape of a new book for children. The pool of mercenary and time-serving
ethics was first blown over by the fresh country breeze of Mr. Day's "Sandford and Merton,"
a production that I well remember, and shall ever be grateful for. It came in aid of my mother's
perplexities, between delicacy and hardihood, between courage and conscientiousness. It assisted
the cheerfulness I inherited from my father; showed me that circumstances were not to check
a healthy gaiety, or the most masculine self-respect; and helped to supply me with the resolution
of standing by a principle, not merely as a point of lowly or lofty sacrifice, but as a matter
of common sense and duty, and a simple coöperation with the elements natural warfare.

       *       *       *       *       *

CHRIST'S HOSPITAL.--Perhaps there is not foundation in the country so truly English, taking
that word to mean what Englishmen wish it to mean:--something solid, unpretending, of good
character, and free to all. More boys are to be found in it, who issue from a greater variety
of ranks, than in any other school in the kingdom and as it is the most various, so it is the
largest, of all the free schools. Nobility do not go there except as boarders. Now and then
a boy of a noble family may be met with, and he is reckoned an interloper, and against the
charter; but the sons of poor gentry and London citizens abound; and with them, an equal share
is given to the sons of tradesmen of the very humblest description, not omitting servants.
