The State-General of the United Provinces is made up of seven different territories, Friesland, Guelderland, Overyssel, Utrecht, Zealand, and Groningen.  Between them, they form a very formidable non-monarchical state. Within this region there are many beautiful villages, towns and cities, among them are; the Hague, Leyden, Delft, Rotterdam, and Haerlem. The capital of the United Provinces is Amsterdam a fine, lovely, and rich city. Part of what makes Holland such aN attractive place is its cleanliness, a marked difference from our country, reaching from the houses to the streets of each city or town. Holland is a very wealthy nation with a robust trade, particularly to the Asian countries of China, Japan and the East Indies.
P.T.W


* * * * *

THE HAWTHORN WELL.

Written by a native of Northunderland, “The Hawthorn Well,” correlates to a curious brand of popular superstition, which may to some degree, clarify the “pale cast of thought” that is infused in them. It was known as a ‘rag well’  because of the rags left by it in thanks for the cure of a person’s disease. The superstition is ridiculed and derided by many, within and out of the church. In his Triumphs of Rome, Bishop Hall had this to say: “blessing of clouts in the way of cure of diseases;” while Mr. Brand remarks, “Can it have originated thence?... this absurd custom is not extinct even at this day: I have formerly frequently observed shreds or bits of rag upon the bushes that overhang a well in the road to Benton, a village in the vicinity of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, which, from that circumstance, is now or was very lately called The Rag Well. This name is undoubtedly of long standing: probably it has been visited for some disease or other, and these rag-offerings are the relics of the then prevailing popular superstition." --Brand's Popular Antiquities, vol. ii. p. 270.]

"From hill, from dale, each charm is fled; Groves, flocks, and fountains, please no more."

Nothing gladdens my heart, not hope, joy or pleasure, not even dreaming. My life’s path seems to have dulled to monotony; not unlike the calm waters of a lake. The view before me is a path of dismal cairns and sterile wastes, forgotten by the sun’s warm life-giving rays. The air left stagnant with no breeze or wind to liven the groves, and sweep the plains into its dance. No longer does the landscape look a thing of beauty, as it may in the summer filled with pride and beauty – when every tree and flower blooms and the world turns to Eden. In my youth, all these things appeared to me, the sight of a woody copse, a green knoll, or heath-covered glen, but now care and mourning has dimmed the sense of rapture. My ear cannot absorb the tunes sung by happy birds, or trilled by larks winging to the heavens.



*** I'm sorry I didn't get to the rest of this, no hard feelings if you decline it. ***
