Seven provinces such as Guelderland, Zealand, Friesland, Utrecht, Groningen, and  Overyssel  is also called  the  States-General of the United Provinces. This is a very powerful , and a very considerable republic. A republic is a free state, without any king. First you go the Hague, which is the most beautiful village in the World and is not a town.  Amsterdam, which is the capital of the United Provinces, is a very fine and rich city. Besides there are several considerable towns in Holland such as Dort, Haerlem, Leyden, Delt, and Rotterdam. You will observe the greates cleanliness throughout Holland: the very streets are cleaner than our houses are here. Holland carries on a trade to China, Japan, and all over the East Indies.

P.T.W. 

* * * * * 

THE HAWTHORN WELL. 

[The following lines are associated with a singular species of popular superstition which explain the "pale cast of thought" that pervades them. They are written by a native of Northumberland. "The Hawthorn Well." was called Rag Well from persons formely leaving rags for the cure of certain diseases. In his Triumphs of Rome, Bishop Hall  make fun of supertitious prayer of the Popish Church for the  "blessing of clouts in the way of cure of diseases;" and Mr. Brand asks, "Can it have originated thence?" He observe s that this obsurd custom is not yet extinct even at this day: I have formely observed shreds or bits of rag upon the bushes that that overhang a well in the road to Benton, a village in the vicinity of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, from that circumstances it was lately called  The Rag Well. Undoubtedly it has been visited for some disease or other, and these rag-offering are the relics of prevailing popular superstition. --Brand's Popular Antiquities, vol. ii. p. 270.] 

"From hill, from dale, each charm is fled; Groves, flocks, and fountains, please no more."


No joy, no pleasure, no hope, nor it is a dream, but now  heart is chearing. The current of the life seems to be settled like unruffled lake, Deep sunk, midst gloomly rocks and barren hills; Which tempests only stir and clouds obscure; unbrightened by beam of day, unbreathed on by the gentle breeze which sweeps over the meads and through the woods, stirring the leaves which seeems like dancing with joy. Beauteous landscape is no more a pride of summer loveliness. When every tree is crowned with fogile, and blooming flowers speaks its presence through breath which is unseen. It has a charm for me; although in early days, Ere care and grief had dulled the sense of joy, no more eye could raptured gazed upon the scene of woody dell, green slope, or health-chad hill; no more ear with more delight drank in the strains confused by cheerful birds from every grove, Or thrilled by larks up-springing to the sky. 


From the hill side where often I moved aimlessly  hoping the sunshine of the mind, lent to each lovely scene, a double charm and tinged all objects with its golden hues--There gushed a spring, whose waters found their way into a basin of  rude stone below. A thorn which is still green and flourishing the largest of its kind the well o'erhung: receiving freindly nature at its roots from the shade of its branches around the love-lorn primrose and wild violet grew, with the faint bubbling of that limpid fount.


Here often the shepherd came at noon tide heat and make him sat down upon the bank of turf beneath the thorn, to eat his humble meal and drink the crystal from that cool spring. Often here at evening in  that placid hour When first the stars appear, would maidens come To fill their pitchers at the Hawthorn Well, Attended by their swains; and often here Were heard the cheerful song and jocund laugh Which told of heart-born gladness, and awoke The slumbering echoes in the distant wood.
