Peking is in a state of decay. No effort or plans are being made to put a halt to the errosion.

Origially, there was a grandiose plan with a paved road. For ten miles, all the way to Peking, no detail of the passage was overlooked. The finest materials were used to construct the bridges & statues. An avenue of statues serves as an entrance to the valley of tombs. The stone figures are spaced about 50 yards apart, and invoke men and animals, on a humongus scale. Although the Chinese are not known for sculpture skills, and the figures are more cartoonish than realistic, the sheer size and determination of this project renders it worthy to be included as one of the greatest wonders of man made Chineese civilization.

Indigestion: How to prevent it, How is it caused?

Eating too quickly is a well-known way to cause Dyspenia. So why does the American businessman continue to contribute to an afternoon of discomfort and upset stomach? Many will say that they understand well what causes the problem, yet the old saying, "time is money, money is time.", leads them to sacrifice health for financial gain.
But what about the hourly-wage clerk, or shop-girl?
The sad fact is that they seek to impress others with their style, even though they know better.
Hunkering-down to a meat-pie, or hearty and healthy sandwitch, does not look as dainty and does not promote the image of a sweet young thing, even-if they know that by consuming pie with whipped-cream and a cherry on top will eventually result in the weak bones and missing teeth of the crone.
Promoting hale and hearty lunches by reminding women of their future roles as wives and mothers, may be one way to discourage destructive lunch time choices, but the businessman will only learn when he realises that an uncomfortable stomach is costing him time and money.
Many Americans would do well to observe the traditions of France when it comes to dining. The French have refined their ways over centuries with an eye to avoiding this curse of modern civilisation.
