But laisser faire is the order
of the day everywhere in the neighborhood of Peking, and nothing is ever repaired nowadays
by any chance.

A part of the original scheme, which shows the magnificent scale on which the whole thing was
planned and executed, was a fine paved road, carried over streams and rivers by marble bridges
and extending the whole way from Peking, a distance of ten miles. On approaching the valley
where the tombs repose the road passes under three handsome "pailaus," or gateways, and then
through one of the most imposing avenues that was ever constructed. This avenue, which extends
for about two-thirds of a mile, is flanked on either side with colossal stone figures at intervals
of about 50 yards, representing men and animals in the following order: Six men, apparently
warriors and priests, in pairs, standing; four horses, four griffins, four elephants, four
camels, and four lions, the first pair in each set standing, the second recumbent. As the Chinese
have never achieved any great distinction in the art of sculpture, the representations of animal
life are, needless to say, somewhat caricatured. But the conception of the whole was magnificent,
and the effect of this long avenue of colossal figures standing in silent grandeur is as impressive
as anything that ever emanated from the genius of the Chinese race.--Ill. Naval and Military
Magazine.

       *       *       *       *       *

DYSPEPSIA: ITS CAUSES AND PREVENTION.

Dyspepsia has once been called the "American sickness," and although this may be a slander
against which many of the inhabitants of our great republic might protest, bad digestion is
a disease frequent enough among us to justify us in considering its causes and in ascertaining
by what means this curse of modern civilization may be avoided. A Frenchman, under the title
"La dyspepsie des gens d'esprit," in the Paris Revue Scientifique of August 18, shows how utterly
disregarded are the sanitary rules at the dinners of well bred people in France; and an American
lady in a recent edition of a well known New York daily humoristically enlarges upon the offenses
committed against health by persons of her own sex while dining in the largest city of the
United States. Speaking of the lunch of shop girls up town, the contributor to the American
paper deprecates the fact that the young American girls employed in business houses at luncheon
time live almost entirely on sweets and food that renders little or no nourishment, rather
than procuring at the same cost a repast which, though perhaps less dainty, would be far better
for their constitution. "Left to herself," the writer says, "Miss Saleslady, pretty and refined
though she may be, day after day and day after day keeps her temper, and waits on her customers,
leaning on a slim luncheon of pie and tea. 'It is sweet and nice,' pleaded one girl to me the
other day, 'and it goes so much further than anything else.'

"'Not further than bread and milk' I urged, 'and it is surely not half as good for your complexion.'

"'Oh, but the other ladies would laugh at me well if they saw me eating bread and milk for
my luncheon. I think myself a bit of something light and nice, like eclairs or a charlotte
russe, is ever so much more ladylike and nice.'

"Heaven save the mark! What sort of flesh and blood do they make to put on the slender bones
of a growing girl? How will they stand by her, when perhaps she leaves the shop and chooses
the life of wife and mother? The answer is easy. When the pie-eating, cooky-feeding girl gets
married, put it down in your note book: One more dyspeptic, peevish woman entered the lists
of the unlovely."

The contributor to the French review, although also condemning the careless choice of food,
more especially points out the evil consequences of eating too hastily; and though M. Julva
directs his attack chiefly against the gens d'esprit, i.e., the well bred people of France
who neglect the rules of health for politeness' sake, his words apply equally well to the American
business man who sacrifices his health during luncheon to the "almighty dollar."
