But laisser faire is the order of the day everywhere in the neighborhood of Beijing, and nothing is ever repaired today at every opportunity.

Part of the original scheme, which shows the great scale on which the whole thing was planned and executed, was a fine paved road, which carried the streams and rivers from bridges, marble and extend the whole way from Beijing, at a distance ten miles. On the approach of the valley where the tombs of repose, the road passes under three handsome "pailaus," or gates, and then through one of the most imposing avenues that were never built. In this direction, which extends for about two thirds of a mile, flanked on both sides with giant stone figures at intervals of about 50 yards, representing men and animals in the following order: six men, presumably warriors and priests in pairs, standing; four horses, four griffins, four elephants, four camels, four lions, the first pair in each of which stands the second lodging. Since the Chinese have not achieved any great distinction in the art of sculpture, the representations of flora is, needless to say, somewhat distorted. But the arrest was all wonderful, and the result of a long avenue of giant figures stand silent majesty is as impressive as anything ever came from the genius of the Chinese race .-- Illinois Naval and Military Magazine.

* * * * *

Indigestion: Causes and prevention.

Indigestion is just called the "American disease," and although this may be a libel on which many residents of this great democracy, we could not complain, poor digestion is a disease often enough among us to our justify the examination of causes and to ascertain how this curse of modern civilization can be avoided. A French under the title "La dyspepsie des gens d'esprit," Revue Scientifique in Paris of August 18 shows how utterly ignored the rules of hygiene in the dining race, as people in France; And an American lady in a recent edition of the famous New York Daily humoristically extended from crimes against the health of persons of the same sex, and dinner in the largest city in the United States. Speaking about the meal the girls shop until the city's contribution to the U.S. paper deplores the fact that young American girls who are engaged in home business when the meal live almost exclusively in sweets and foods that make little or no food, despite the supply at the same cost of a meal which, though perhaps less subtle, it would be much better for their constitutions. "Left to itself," the author says, "Miss seller, beautiful and refined, it can be, day by day and day to keep calm, and wait for customers, leaning on a slim meal of pie and tea. " It's sweet and beautiful, "refers to a girl for me the other day, and goes far beyond anything else."

"It is" beyond bread and milk «I urged," and it's certainly not half as good for your complexion. "

"Yes, the other ladies will laugh at myself but if you saw me eating bread and milk for my lunch. I consider myself a little light something nice, like eclairs or a fudge, it is always much more polite and nice.

"Heaven save the mark! What kind of shape do they put into growing bones minute girl, how to stand by her when you leave the store and choose the life of the woman and mother? The answer is easy. When the pie-eating, feeding cookie girl gets married, put it down in your book note: A more dyspeptic, excitable woman entered the lists of ugly. "

The contribution to French control, but also condemns careless choice of food, particularly notes the bad effects of eating too quickly; And if M. Julva direct assault against the principal genus d'esprit, that is, well-bred people of France, who disregard the rules of health for kindness' sake, his words applied equally good with a U.S. man sacrificing his health during lunch in the "almighty dollar."
