It is in the sums so invested by
the mass of the people that those who believe in a bright future for Spain place their hopes;
but we may all of us wish the young monarch for whom his country is longing, "God-speed."

PORTUGUESE LIFE IN TOWN AND COUNTRY

CHAPTER XVIII

LAND AND PEOPLE

It has been said, and it is often repeated, that if you strip a Spaniard of his virtues, the
residuum will be a Portuguese. This cruel statement is rather the result of prejudice than
arising from any foundation in fact. It has a superficial cleverness which attracts some people,
and especially those who have but an imperfect knowledge of the true life and character of
the people thus stigmatised.

Lord Londonderry, in Chapter VI. of his Narrative of the Peninsular War, writes thus of the
difference of character between the two nations: "Having halted at Elvas during the night,
we marched next morning soon after dawn; and, passing through a plain of considerable extent,
crossed the Guadiana at Badajoz, the capital of Estremadura. This movement introduced us at
once into Spain; and the contrast, both in personal appearance and in manners, between the
people of the two nations, which was instantly presented to us, I shall not readily forget.
Generally speaking, the natives of frontier districts partake almost as much of the character
of one nation as of another.... It is not so on the borders of Spain and Portugal. The peasant
who cultivates his little field, or tends his flock on the right bank of the Guadiana, is,
in all his habits and notions, a different being from the peasant who pursues similar occupations
on its left bank; the first is a genuine Portuguese, the last is a genuine Spaniard.... They
cordially detest one another; insomuch that their common wrongs and their common enmity to
the French were not sufficient, even at this time, to eradicate the feeling.

"It was not, however, by the striking diversity of private character alone which subsisted
between them, that we were made sensible, as soon as we had passed the Guadiana, that a new
nation was before us. The Spaniards received us with a degree of indifference to which we had
not hitherto been accustomed. They were certainly not uncivil.... Whatever we required they
gave us, in return for our money; but as to enthusiasm or a desire to anticipate our wants,
there was not the shadow of an appearance of anything of the kind about them. How different
all this from the poor Portuguese, who never failed to rend the air with their vivats, and
were at all times full of promises and protestations, no matter how incapable they might be
of fulfilling the one or authenticating the other! The truth is that the Spaniard is a proud,
independent, and grave personage; possessing many excellent qualities, but quite conscious
of their existence, and not unapt to overrate them.... Yet with all this, there was much about
the air and manner of the Spaniards to deserve and command our regard. The Portuguese are a
people that require rousing; they are indolent, lazy, and generally helpless. We may value
these our faithful allies, and render them useful; but it is impossible highly to respect them.
In the Spanish character, on the contrary, there is mixed up a great deal of haughtiness, a
sort of manly independence of spirit, which you cannot but admire, even though aware that it
will render them by many degrees less amenable to your wishes than their neighbours."

With due allowance for time and circumstances, much in this passage might have been written
to-day instead of nearly ninety years ago, and one cause of the difference in feeling is no
doubt explained truly enough. Perhaps some shallow persons are affected by the fact that in
good looks the Portuguese are as a race inferior to the Spaniards. But there is no such real
difference in character as to justify an impartial observer in using a phrase so essentially
galling to England's allies, of whom Napier said: "The bulk of the people were, however, staunch
in their country's cause ... ready at the call of honour, and susceptible of discipline, without
any loss of energy."
