Hamilton, whose instinct for the law appeared to genius, he saw the difficulty and pointed out in the Federalist is not a script that can offer protection, but only the intelligence and sense of justice of the community. 
"The truth is that the general genius of a government is all that can be substantially relied upon for permanent effects. Special provisions, but not entirely useless, have far less virtue and efficacy than is commonly attributed to them, and lack of them never will be, with men of sound discernment, a decisive objection to any plan that presents the main characters of good government. "After an experience of almost a century and a quarter, we must admit, I think, that Hamilton was right . In the United States bills have made the limitations of constitutional law and an end, and yet, I suppose that few care to maintain that during the nineteenth century, the life and property were safer in the United States crime or a better way, than in England, France or Germany. The opposite, in fact, I think it is the truth, and I think a major cause of this imperfection in the justice system is found to have been the performance of the written Constitution. Because under the U.S. system, the constitution or fundamental law, is described by the judges, and this function, which in essence is political, has brought just that the quality of the pressure in the bank has been the work a hundred generations of our ancestors to be removed. In general, the result has been to raise the policy but lower courts to the political level, a result that conforms to the theory a priori. 

The abstract virtue of the Constitution was written, however, a relevant question, when Washington and his contemporaries were set to reorganize the Confederacy. The men had no choice but to draft a kind of platform on which the states could agree to unite, if they were to unite peacefully at all, and therefore met in the convention and drew the best way to agreement could, but I more than suspect that a good number of very capable federalists were very sensitive to defects in the plan have been approved. 

Hamilton was opened to prefer the English model, and I am not aware that Washington never expressed a preference for the theory that, because of a written fundamental law, the court should annul the legislation. Nor is it remarkable that all foreigners, after a long and careful observation of our experiment, have been avoided. Since 1789, all highly civilized Western people have readjusted their institutions at least once, even do not have in this regard, we followed suit, while all have borrowed freely from the parliamentary system in England [6]. 

Even our neighbor, Canada, without adverse traditions and a population similar to ours, has been an exception to the rule. Canadian courts in fact define the boundaries of provincial and federal jurisdiction established in accordance with an Act of Parliament, but not intended to limit the exercise of power when the seat of power has been established. I take the cause of this distrust to be evident. Although our written Constitution succeeded in its primary purpose of facilitating the consolidation of the Confederacy, has not inspired confidence in another way as a device of administrative practice. Not only has the constant judicial interference dislocated scientific law, but has given the judiciary into the vortex of civil faction has been degraded in popular esteem. In short, from the beginning, the American bank, because it is the closest of political issues, has been a necessary tool for political success. Consequently, political parties have struggled to control, and therefore the bank has always had a declared partisan bias. The stated political or social bias, I gather, raised among the American people believe that justice is not administered equally to all men, so the bank does not respect us, for example, in Britain, where law and politics are separate.
