HECTOR and Andromache. Portrait of a young man. PRUD'HON. Princess Visconti. , Countess Regnault DE SAINT-JEAN-d'Angély. The arrival of a DILIGENCE. Brutus condemning his sons to death. Entombment of Atala. MADAME Lebrun and her daughter. FRANCIS I., King of France, Charles V., emperor of the Holy Roman Empire. James G. Blaine. MR. Blaine in 1891. MR. Blaine AT his desk in the Foreign Ministry. Facsimile of letter written by MR. Blaine TO MR. Halstead. Blaine'S GRAVE, Washington, D.C.. Statue of William Henry Harrison. Anna Symmes Harrison, The Silent witness. "MOVE ON, WILL YER!" "AM - I - imprisoned Because I am friendless, and poor?" "OH, MY GOD!" He sobbed. "MY GOD! MY GOD!" Sun's corona. Eruptive prominence AT 10:34 eruptive prominence AT 10:40 eruptive prominence AT 10:58 Theological Seminary buildings, Andover, Massachusetts. Professor AUSTIN PHELPS study. View from the front of Stuart ELIZABETH PHELPS'S HOME. DR. A. EDWARDS PARK. THE RECEIVING Medical princess in Marquis'S sickroom. She stole up and received Monsieur de MÉROSAILLES sitting on the ground. Lincoln in 1863. Lincoln in 1854. Lincoln in February 1860.

McClure's Magazine

VOL. VI. January 1896. NO. 2.

Abraham Lincoln.

Edited by Ida M. Tarbell.

LINCOLN AS merchant and soldier in the Black Hawk War.

This article carries special study of Lincoln's life in New Salem for this magazine by J. McCan Davis.

Lincoln's first experience in Illinois.

It was in March 1830, when Abraham Lincoln was twenty-one years old, he moved from Indiana to Macon County, Illinois. He spent his first spring in the new country to help his father up. In the summer of that year he started on his own, making different types of gross farm work in the neighborhood to March 1831, when he went to Sangamon town, near Springfield, to build a flat boat. In April, he started on this flat boat to New Orleans, which he reached in May. After a month in this city, he came back, in June, in Illinois, where he made a brief visit to his parents home, now in Coles County, and in July went to New Salem, to take responsibility for a shop and the mill Denton Offutt, who had employed him on a flat boat. [A] the goods to the new store had not arrived when Lincoln reached New Salem. Committed to turn his hand to anything, he tested the Sangamon and Illinois rivers, as far as Beardstown, a flat boat bearing the family and goods to a pioneer bound for Texas. In Beardstown, he found Offutt goods waiting to be taken to New Salem. When he footed his way home met him two men with a wagon and ox-Team goes for the goods. Offutt had expected Lincoln to wait at Beardstown to ox-team arrived, and the Teamsters, had no identification, asked Lincoln to give them one of the items. This, sitting by the roadside, he wrote out, and one of the men used to say that it contained a misspelled word, which he directed.

The responsibility for Denton Offutt'S STORE.

The exact date of opening of Denton Offutt's store is not known. We only know that the 8th July 1831, County Commissioners' Court of Sangamon County granted Offutt a license to retail merchandise at New Salem, which he paid five dollars, a fee that he would have a one thousand U.S. dollars worth of goods in stock. When the oxen and their drivers came back with the goods, the store opened in a small wooden house on the edge of the hill, almost over the River.

The copy of Kirkham's Grammar studied at Lincoln belonged to a man named habits. Some biographers say Lincoln borrowed the [,] but it seems that he was the owner of the book, either by purchase or through the generosity of habits, for it never returned to the latter. It is said that Lincoln learned this grammar almost by heart. "Sometimes," says Herndon, he would stretch out full length on the disk, supported his head on a stack of calico prints, studying it, or he would steal away to the shade of some inviting tree, and there spend hours at a time in a determined effort to fix in his mind any rule that "adverbs qualify verbs, adjectives and adverbs others. '"He presented the book to Ann Rutledge [the story of Ann Rutledge appear in a future number of the magazine], and it has since been one of the treasures of the Rutledge family. After Ann was studied by her brother, Robert, and is now owned by His widow, who lives in Casselton, North Dakota. The title page of the book shown above. The words, "Ann M. Rutledge is now learning grammar, was" was written by Lincoln.
