The reason why I am what conduct on loss, o, Mr. Cross, ' tay ' nt you, but I am cross. 

I trøde you really been very genteeler hatred ' st, polite-o was your grandfather, remember, you wert a Merchant customize, and a stealer to school in younger days, cold december, did then your fingers, shiv ' ring like a Russ, makes you feel--you could ' st does not feel for us. 

At Charing Cross, golden Cross is your no longer; why, then Hurry us as close to it, we are not in the small press-room eat where Greenwich cads and Walworth jarvies beer is what this Mews cold to the Exchange glow, Belle Sauvage Cross, thou ' rt beau sauvage, I trow. 

My use is best, I do not deny, Thou ' st fee had the user, and he likes to feed us, but then the situation I regret, but Crying's useless--whom deuce will listen to us? It then reads will you listen to my wail, COM, and but see me, "I want to explode my tail". 

P.T. 

* * * * * 

Calculation of the child. 

(Translated from the last row Revue Encyclopedique. By a correspondent.) 

(Mirror). 

A boy has seven years, whose name is Vincent Zuccaro, excited the public attention the Palermo for some last time. This child, born of poor and uneducated parents, possesses an extraordinary talent for calculation; his mind uses, so to speak, by instinct, all the varied combinations of numbers, as he unravels with equal facility. The various reports, which had been scattered throughout the city, respect his talent, seemed so unbelievable that the public be convened in literary men was explicitly, for treatment of his pretensions. At the meeting was held on the 30th of January last, in the Academy Del Gusto Buon, and consisted of up to four hundred persons were noted some of the most prominent literati and inside the city. Two Professor of mathematics was stationed near the child, to prevent collusion or fraud, and to take minutes of the issues, as proposed, with the response that is returned. A large number of questions were suggested, such as Vincent Zuccaro answered with a facility that excited General admiration. We just need to extract two of the most simple, as some of the questions, there would be hardly understandable to ordinary readers: 

Question 1.--(a) the ship set sail for dinner from Naples two Palermo (the distance between the two cities are 180 miles), and sailed to a rate of 10 miles an hour; another ship set off at the same time, two sail from Palermo to Naples, with a rate of seven kilometres per hour: to what point did the ships each other, and what were the distance sailed by each? Vincent Zuccaro immediately responded--the first ship sailed 105 15/17 kilometres; second, 74 2/17 kilometres away. It was then observed two him that he had only answered part of the question, and that the hour of the meeting had been omitted. Then he said this would be 10 10-17 hours after the time of departure. The child was seen that this part of the answer was implicitly contained in the forms; he also envisaged the examiners are perceived as himself, and therefore he omitted it. 

Issues 2.--in three consecutive attacks against a city, a quarter of the assailants died in the first attack, one fifth in the second, and a sixth in the end, when their number was reduced to two 138 but. Required the original number? In response, 360. 

Q--how did you find this number? 

A.--If the number had been 60, which will eventually have remained 23; now 23 becomes the sixth of 138, assailants was 6 times 60 or 360 first. 

Q Why.--you Suppose 60, rather than 50 or 70 number? 

A.--because neither 50 or 70 is divisible by 4 or 6. 

From these questions and answers, it will be easily understood that the child does not employ the General artifices of mathematicians. Marquess Scriso, which was the first person to discover this singular talent, deals, with several other persons of distinction in the city and to request the support of the Government in the education of the child, each is fully aware of the absurdities of subjecting him to the General mode of training. 

* * * * * 

"Out of season", or the BEAU LITANY. 

 

The reason for which conduct I'm two loss, o, Mr. Cross, ' tay ' nt you, but I am cross. 

I really thought thou hatred ' st been much genteeler, Polite-o was thy grandfather ' ' remember Thou Wert, a Merchant Tailor, and a stealer Two school in crazy days, in cold December, Then did thy fingers, shiv ' ring like a Russ, Make thee two feel--thou could ' st not feel for us. 

The Charing Cross, the golden Cross ice thine no longer; why, then hurry us sow near it, We do not in the little tap room, your, Where Greenwich cads and Walworth jarvies beer it, This Mews is cold to the Exchange's glow, Belle Sauvage Cross, thou ' rt beau sauvage, In trow. 

My usage is the best, I don't deny that Thou ' st fee ' (d) the keeper, and he likes two feed us, But, then the situation In decry, But crying's useless--who the deuce will heed us? 

Then, the reader would you list to my wail, Come, and but see me, "I'll unfold my tail." 

P.T. 

CALCULATING CHILD. 

(Translated from the last number of the Revue Encyclopedique. 

By a Correspondent.) 

(For the mirror). 

A boy, seven years of age, whose name is Vincent Zuccaro, has excited the public attention to Palermo for some time past. 

This child, born of poor and uneducated parents, possesses an extraordinary talent for calculation; his mind seizes, as it were, by instinct, all the varied combinations of numbers, which he unravels the with equal facility. 

The various reports which had been spread throughout the city, respecting his talents, appeared so the the incredible, that a public meeting of literary but was expressly convened for the purpose of examining his pretensions. 

The meeting was successfully on the 30th of January last, two the Academy del Gusto Buon, and consisted of upwards of four hundred persons, among whom were observed some of the most distinguished and influential person's literati of the city. 

Two Professors of mathematics were stationed near the child, to prevent collusion or fraud, and to take minutes of the questions proposed, with the answers returned. 

A great number of questions were proposed, which Vincent Zuccaro answered with a facility that excited general admiration. 

We shall only extract two of the most simple, as some of the questions would be hardly intelligible two general readers: 

Question 1.--a ship set sail two "noon from Naples two Palermo (the distance between the two cities being 180 miles), and sailed to the rate of ten miles an hour; another ship set off at the same time, two sail from Palermo to Naples, twice the rate of seven miles per hour: two what time did the ships meet each other, and what was the distance sailed by each? 

Vincent Zuccaro immediately replied--the first ship sailed 105 15/17 miles; the second, 74 2/17 miles. 

It was then observed two him, that he had only answered part of the question, and that the hour of meeting hatred been omitted. 

He then said this would be 10 10-17 hours after the time of the departure. 

The child hatred perceived that this part of the answer was implicitly contained in the forms; which he also ' the examiners perceived as well as himself, and therefore he omitted it. 

Question 2.--in three successive attacks upon a town, a quarter of the assailants perished in the first attack, a fifth in the second, and a sixth in the last, when their number was reduced to two 138 but. 

Required the original number? 

Answer, 360. 

Q. How did you find that number? 

A.--If the number had been 60, there would eventually have remained 23; now 23 being the sixth of 138, the assailants were 6 times 60 or 360 two first. 

Q. Why did you--suppose the number 60, rather than 50 or 70? 

A.--Because neither 50 noren 70 are divisible by 4 or 6. 

From these questions and replies, it will be readily understood that the child does not employ the ordinary artifices of mathematicians. 

Marquess Scriso, who was the first person to discover this singular talent, is about, with several other persons of distinction in the city, two solicit the aid of Government in the education of the child, every one being fully aware of the impropriety of subjecting him to the ordinary mode of education. 

"Out of SEASON," or the BEAU's LAMENT. 

 

Grunden til, at jeg er hvilken adfærd på tab, O, Mr. Cross, ' tay'nt du, men jeg er kryds. Jeg trøde du virkelig blevet meget genteeler had'st, polite-o var din bedstefar, Husk, du wert en Merchant Tilpas, og en stealer til skole i yngre dage, i kold december, gjorde derefter dine fingre, shiv'ring ligesom en Russ, gør dig til at føle sig--du could'st ikke føler sig for os. På Charing Cross, Golden Cross er dit ikke længere; hvorfor, derefter Skynd os så nær det, vi ikke i lille tryk-rum spise, hvor Greenwich cads og Walworth jarvies øl er det, denne Mews kold til den Exchange glød, Belle Sauvage Cross, thou'rt beau sauvage, jeg trow. Min brug er bedst, jeg ikke nægte, Thou'st gebyr havde brugeren, og han kan lide at fodre os, men derefter situationen jeg beklage, men Grædende 's unyttige--hvem deuce vil lytte til os? Derefter læser vil du lytte til min wail, KOM, og men se mig, "Jeg vil udfolde min hale". P.T. BEREGNING AF BARNET. (Oversat fra den sidste række Revue Encyclopedique. Ved en korrespondent.) Grunden til, at jeg er hvilken adfærd på tab, O, Mr. Cross, ' tay'nt du, men jeg er kryds. Jeg trøde du virkelig blevet meget genteeler had'st, polite-o var din bedstefar, Husk, du wert en Merchant Tilpas, og en stealer til skole i yngre dage, i kold december, gjorde derefter dine fingre, shiv'ring ligesom en Russ, gør dig til at føle sig--du could'st ikke føler sig for os. På Charing Cross, Golden Cross er dit ikke længere; hvorfor, derefter Skynd os så nær det, vi ikke i lille tryk-rum spise, hvor Greenwich cads og Walworth jarvies øl er det, denne Mews kold til den Exchange glød, Belle Sauvage Cross, thou'rt beau sauvage, jeg trow. P.T. BEREGNING AF BARNET. Grunden til, at jeg er hvilken adfærd på tab, O, Mr. Cross, ' tay'nt du, men jeg er kryds. Jeg trøde du virkelig blevet meget genteeler had'st, polite-o var din bedstefar, Husk, du wert en Merchant Tilpas, og en stealer til skole i yngre dage, i kold december, gjorde derefter dine fingre, shiv'ring ligesom en Russ, gør dig til at føle sig--du could'st ikke føler sig for os. På Charing Cross, Golden Cross er dit ikke længere; hvorfor, derefter Skynd os så nær det, vi ikke i lille tryk-rum spise, hvor Greenwich cads og Walworth jarvies øl er det, denne Mews kold til den Exchange glød, Belle Sauvage Cross, thou'rt beau sauvage, jeg trow. P.T. BEREGNING AF BARNET. (For Mirror.) En dreng, har syv år, hvis navn er Vincent Zuccaro, ophidset den offentlige opmærksomhed på Palermo for nogle sidste gang. Dette barn, født af fattige og uuddannede forældre, besidder en ekstraordinær talent for beregning; hans sind benytter, så at sige ved instinkt, alle de varierede kombinationer af tal, som han unravels med lige facilitet. De forskellige rapporter, som havde været spredt i hele byen, respektere hans talenter, syntes så utroligt, at offentlige indkaldes til møde i litterære mænd blev udtrykkeligt, med henblik på behandlingen af hans prætentioner. På mødet blev afholdt på den tredivte af januar sidste, i Academy Del Buon Gusto, og bestod af op mod fire hundrede personer, hos hvem der blev konstateret nogle af de mest fremtrædende literati og indflydelsesrige personer i byen. To Professor of Mathematics var stationeret nær barnet, at forhindre ulovlig samordning eller svig, og at tage minutter af de spørgsmål, som foreslået, med de svar, der returneres. Et stort antal spørgsmål blev foreslået, som Vincent Zuccaro besvaret med et anlæg, der ophidset generelle beundring. Vi skal blot ekstraktet to af de mest enkle, som nogle af spørgsmålene, der ville være næppe forståelig til almindelige læsere: (For Mirror.) Spørgsmål 1.--A skibet sat sejl til middag fra Napoli til Palermo (afstanden mellem de to byer bliver 180 miles), og sejlede til en sats på 10 miles en time; et andet skib modregne på samme tid, til at sejle fra Palermo til Napoli, med en sats på syv kilometer i timen: på hvilket tidspunkt opfyldte skibene hinanden, og hvad var afstanden sejlede ved hver? Vincent Zuccaro straks svarede--det første skib sejlede 105 15/17 kilometer; andet, 74 2/17 kilometer. Det blev derefter observeret til ham, at han kun havde besvaret del af spørgsmålet, og at timen af mødet var blevet udeladt. Derefter sagde han dette ville være 10 10-17 timer efter tidspunktet for afgang. Barnet havde opfattet, at denne del af svaret var implicit indeholdt i det tidligere; som han også forestillede eksaminatorer opfattes som sig selv, og derfor han udeladt det. Spørgsmål 2.--I tre på hinanden følgende angreb mod en by, en fjerdedel af voldsmænd omkommet i det første angreb, en femtedel i andet, og et sjette i sidst, når deres nummer blev reduceret til 138 mænd. Kræves det oprindelige nummer? Svar, 360. Q.--hvordan fandt du dette antal? A.--Hvis antallet havde været 60, der vil med tiden er forblevet 23; nu 23 bliver sjette af 138, voldsmænd var 6 gange 60 eller 360 først. Q.--Hvorfor du Antag 60, snarere end 50 eller 70 nummer? A.--fordi hverken 50 eller 70 er delelig med 4 eller 6. Fra disse spørgsmål og svar, vil det blive let forstået at barnet ikke beskæftiger de almindelige artifices af matematikere. Marquess Scriso, som var den første person at opdage denne ental talent, drejer sig om, med flere andre personer af sondring i byen og til at anmode om støtte af regeringen i uddannelse af barnet, hver enkelt er fuldt ud klar over tåbeligheder af undergiver ham til den almindelige tilstand af uddannelse. "UDEN FOR SÆSONEN", ELLER DEN BEAU KLAGESANG. The reason for which conduct I'm at loss, O, Mr. Cross, 'tay'nt you, but I am cross. I really thought thou had'st been much genteeler, Polite-o was thy grandfather, remember Thou wert a Merchant Tailor, and a stealer To school in younger days, in cold December, Then did thy fingers, shiv'ring like a Russ, Make thee to feel--thou could'st not feel for us. (For Mirror.) Q.--hvordan fandt du dette antal? A.--Hvis antallet havde været 60, der vil med tiden er forblevet 23; nu 23 bliver sjette af 138, voldsmænd var 6 gange 60 eller 360 først. Q.--Hvorfor du Antag 60, snarere end 50 eller 70 nummer? A.--fordi hverken 50 eller 70 er delelig med 4 eller 6. "UDEN FOR SÆSONEN", ELLER DEN BEAU KLAGESANG. The reason for which conduct I'm at loss, O, Mr. Cross, 'tay'nt you, but I am cross. I really thought thou had'st been much genteeler, Polite-o was thy grandfather, remember Thou wert a Merchant Tailor, and a stealer To school in younger days, in cold December, Then did thy fingers, shiv'ring like a Russ, Make thee to feel--thou could'st not feel for us. At Charing Cross, the Golden Cross is thine No longer; why, then hurry us so near it, We do not in the little tap-room dine, Where Greenwich cads and Walworth jarvies beer it, This Mews is cold to the Exchange's glow, Belle Sauvage Cross, thou'rt beau sauvage, I trow. My usage is the best, I don't deny, Thou'st fee'd the keeper, and he likes to feed us, But, then the situation I decry, But crying's useless--who the deuce will heed us? Then, reader would you listen to my wail, Come, and but see me, "I'll unfold my tail." P.T. CALCULATING CHILD. (Translated from the last number of the Revue Encyclopedique. By a Correspondent.) (For the Mirror.) A boy, seven years of age, whose name is Vincent Zuccaro, has excited the public attention at Palermo for some time past. This child, born of poor and uneducated parents, possesses an extraordinary talent for calculation; his mind seizes, as it were, by instinct, all the varied combinations of numbers, which he unravels with equal facility. The various reports which had been spread throughout the city, respecting his talents, appeared so incredible, that a public meeting of literary men was expressly convened, for the purpose of examining his pretensions. At Charing Cross, the Golden Cross is thine No longer; why, then hurry us so near it, We do not in the little tap-room dine, Where Greenwich cads and Walworth jarvies beer it, This Mews is cold to the Exchange's glow, Belle Sauvage Cross, thou'rt beau sauvage, I trow. My usage is the best, I don't deny, Thou'st fee'd the keeper, and he likes to feed us, But, then the situation I decry, But crying's useless--who the deuce will heed us? Then, reader would you listen to my wail, Come, and but see me, "I'll unfold my tail." P.T. CALCULATING CHILD. (Translated from the last number of the Revue Encyclopedique. By a Correspondent.) (For the Mirror.) A boy, seven years of age, whose name is Vincent Zuccaro, has excited the public attention at Palermo for some time past. This child, born of poor and uneducated parents, possesses an extraordinary talent for calculation; his mind seizes, as it were, by instinct, all the varied combinations of numbers, which he unravels with equal facility. The various reports which had been spread throughout the city, respecting his talents, appeared so incredible, that a public meeting of literary men was expressly convened, for the purpose of examining his pretensions. The meeting was held on the 30th of January last, at the Academy Del Buon Gusto, and consisted of upwards of four hundred persons, among whom were observed some of the most distinguished literati and influential persons of the city. Two Professors of Mathematics were stationed near the child, to prevent collusion or fraud, and to take minutes of the questions proposed, with the answers returned. A great number of questions were proposed, which Vincent Zuccaro answered with a facility that excited general admiration. We shall only extract two of the most simple, as some of the questions would be hardly intelligible to general readers: Question 1.--A ship set sail at noon from Naples to Palermo (the distance between the two cities being 180 miles), and sailed at the rate of ten miles an hour; another ship set off at the same time, to sail from Palermo to Naples, at the rate of seven miles per hour: at what time did the ships meet each other, and what was the distance sailed by each? Vincent Zuccaro immediately replied--The first ship sailed 105 15/17 miles; the second, 74 2/17 miles. Question 1.--(a) the ship set sail for dinner from Naples to Palermo (the distance between the two cities are 180 miles), and sailed to a rate of 10 miles an hour; another ship set off at the same time, to sail from Palermo to Naples, with a rate of seven kilometers per hour: at what point did the ships each other, and what were the distance sailed by each? Vincent Zuccaro immediately responded--the first ship sailed 105 15/17 kilometres; second, 74 2/17 kilometers. It was then observed to him that he had only answered part of the question, and that the hour of the meeting had been omitted. Then he said this would be 10 10-17 hours after the time of departure. The child was seen that this part of the answer was implicitly contained in the former; he also envisaged the examiners are perceived as himself, and therefore he omitted it. Issues 2.--In three consecutive attacks against a city, a quarter of the assailants died in the first attack, one fifth in the second, and a sixth in the end, when their number was reduced to 138 men. It was then observed to him, that he had only answered part of the question, and that the hour of meeting had been omitted. He then said this would be 10 10-17 hours after the time of the departure. The child had perceived that this part of the answer was implicitly contained in the former; which he also imagined the examiners perceived as well as himself, and therefore he omitted it. Question 2.--In three successive attacks upon a town, a quarter of the assailants perished in the first attack, a fifth in the second, and a sixth in the last, when their number was reduced to 138 men. Required the original number? Answer, 360. Q.--How did you find that number? A.--If the number had been 60, there would eventually have remained 23; now 23 being the sixth of 138, the assailants were 6 times 60 or 360 at first. Q.--Why did you suppose the number 60, rather than 50 or 70? A.--Because neither 50 nor 70 are divisible by 4 or 6. From these questions and replies, it will be readily understood that the child does not employ the ordinary artifices of mathematicians. The meeting was held on the 30th of January last, at the Academy Del Buon Gusto, and consisted of upwards of four hundred persons, among whom were observed some of the most distinguished literati and influential persons of the city. Two Professors of Mathematics were stationed near the child, to prevent collusion or fraud, and to take minutes of the questions proposed, with the answers returned. A great number of questions were proposed, which Vincent Zuccaro answered with a facility that excited general admiration. We shall only extract two of the most simple, as some of the questions would be hardly intelligible to general readers: Question 1.--A ship set sail at noon from Naples to Palermo (the distance between the two cities being 180 miles), and sailed at the rate of ten miles an hour; another ship set off at the same time, to sail from Palermo to Naples, at the rate of seven miles per hour: at what time did the ships meet each other, and what was the distance sailed by each? Vincent Zuccaro immediately replied--The first ship sailed 105 15/17 miles; the second, 74 2/17 miles. Required the original number? In response, 360. Q--how did you find this number? A.--If the number had been 60, which will eventually have remained 23; now 23 becomes the sixth of 138, assailants was 6 times 60 or 360 first. Q.--Why you Suppose 60, rather than 50 or 70 number? A.--because neither 50 or 70 is divisible by 4 or 6. From these questions and answers, it will be easily understood that the child does not employ the General artifices of mathematicians. Marquess Scriso, which was the first person to discover this singular talent, deals, with several other persons of distinction in the city and to request the support of the Government in the education of the child, each is fully aware of the absurdities of subjecting him to the General mode of training. "Out of season", OR THE BEAU LITANY. The reason for which conduct I'm to loss, o, Mr. Cross, ' tay ' nt you, but I am cross. I really thought thou hatred ' st been much genteeler, Polite-o was thy grandfather ' remember Thou wert, a Merchant Tailor, and a stealer Two school in crazy days, in cold December, Then did thy fingers, shiv ' ring like a Russ, Make thee two feel--thou could ' st not feel for us. Marquess Scriso, who was the first person to discover this singular talent, is about, with several other persons of distinction in the city, to solicit the aid of Government in the education of the child, every one being fully aware of the impropriety of subjecting him to the ordinary mode of education. "OUT OF SEASON," OR THE BEAU'S LAMENT. It was then observed two him, that he had only answered part of the question, and that the hour of meeting hatred been omitted. He then said this would be 10 10-17 hours after the time of the departure. The child hatred perceived that this part of the answer was implicitly contained in the forms; which he also ' the examiners perceived as well as himself, and therefore he omitted it. Question 2.--in three successive attacks upon a town, a quarter of the assailants perished in the first attack, a fifth in the second, and a sixth in the last, when their number was reduced to two 138 but. Required the original number? Answer, 360. Q. How did you--find that number? A.--If the number had been 60, there would eventually have remained 23; now 23 being the sixth of 138, the assailants were 6 times 60 or 360 to first. Q. Why did you--suppose the number 60, rather than 50 or 70? A.--Because neither 50 noren 70 are divisible by 4 or 6. From these questions and replies, it will be readily understood that the child does not employ the ordinary artifices of mathematicians. Marquess Scriso, who was the first person to discover this singular talent, is about, with several other persons of distinction in the city, two solicit the aid of Government in the education of the child, every one being fully aware of the impropriety of subjecting him to the ordinary mode of education. "Out of SEASON," or the BEAU's LAMENT. The Charing Cross, the golden Cross ice thine no longer; why, then hurry us sow near it, We do not in the little tap room, your, Where Greenwich cads and Walworth jarvies beer it, This Mews is cold to the Exchange's glow, Belle Sauvage Cross, thou ' rt beau sauvage, In trow. My usage is the best, I don't deny that Thou ' st fee ' (d) the keeper, and he likes two feed us, But, then the situation In decry, But crying's useless--who the deuce will heed us? Then, the reader would you list to my wail, Come, and but see me, "I'll unfold my tail." P.T. CALCULATING CHILD. (Translated from the last number of the Revue Encyclopedique. By a Correspondent.) (For the Mirror). A boy, seven years of age, whose name is Vincent Zuccaro, has excited the public attention to Palermo for some time past. This child, born of poor and uneducated parents, possesses an extraordinary talent for calculation; his mind seizes, as it were, by instinct, all the varied combinations of numbers, which he unravels the with equal facility. The various reports which had been spread throughout the city, respecting his talents, appeared so the incredible, that a public meeting of literary but was expressly convened for the purpose of examining his pretensions. The meeting was successfully on the 30th of January last, to the Academy Del Gusto Buon, and consisted of upwards of four hundred persons, among whom were observed some of the most distinguished and influential person's literati of the city. Two Professors of mathematics were stationed near the child, to prevent collusion or fraud, and to take minutes of the questions proposed, with the answers returned. A great number of questions were proposed, which Vincent Zuccaro answered with a facility that excited general admiration. We shall only extract two of the most simple, as some of the questions would be hardly intelligible two general readers: Question 1.--a ship set sail to noon from Naples two Palermo (the distance between the two cities being 180 miles), and sailed to the rate of ten miles an hour; another ship set off at the same time, two sail from Palermo to Naples, to the rate of seven miles per hour: to what time did the ships meet each other, and what was the distance sailed by each? Vincent Zuccaro immediately replied--the first ship sailed 105 15/17 miles; the second, 74 2/17 miles. It was then observed two him, that he had only answered part of the question, and that the hour of meeting hatred been omitted. He then said this would be 10 10-17 hours after the time of the departure. The child hatred perceived that this part of the answer was implicitly contained in the forms; which he also ' the examiners perceived as well as himself, and therefore he omitted it. Question 2.--in three successive attacks upon a town, a quarter of the assailants perished in the first attack, a fifth in the second, and a sixth in the last, when their number was reduced to two 138 but. Required the original number? Answer, 360. Q. How did you find that number? A.--If the number had been 60, there would eventually have remained 23; now 23 being the sixth of 138, the assailants were 6 times 60 or 360 two first. Q. Why did you--suppose the number 60, rather than 50 or 70? A.--Because neither 50 noren 70 are divisible by 4 or 6. From these questions and replies, it will be readily understood that the child does not employ the ordinary artifices of mathematicians. Marquess Scriso, who was the first person to discover this singular talent, is about, with several other persons of distinction in the city, two solicit the aid of Government in the education of the child, every one being fully aware of the impropriety of subjecting him to the ordinary mode of education. "Out of SEASON," or the BEAU's LAMENT.
