To-day leadership positions - occupied by whom?

Comprehensive and satisfactory thoroly statistics are not in your hand, but as we speak eloquently for the statement in question. Almost our only contact with reliable statistics are derived from our biographical encyclopedias. A few years ago a very interesting study was made of the data found in the latest edition of Who's Who in America. This book, you know, consists of brief biographies of these people living at the time in the United States have become real factors in the progress and achievement of age, ie men recognized as leaders in thought and action in the educational, political, military and business.

Of the total number in issue of educational data studied were given to 11 019. In 1111 that number had enjoyed benefits only primary school 1966 had added to these advantages only secondary education, but 7942 had come from colleges and universities. In other words, over 72% of these leaders is found to have received their final preparations for leadership within the university walls.

Interesting figures were obtained through use of the Encyclopedia of Biography of Appleton. A few years ago made a careful study of an issue out at that time and found that American college graduates of every forty had earned the distinction sufficient to warrant the recognition of the Encyclopedia, while only one 10 000 undergraduates, the general public, had received such a distinction. In other words, the college graduate had 250 possibilities from one another for leadership.

Moreover, higher education institutions have provided each of the Chief Justices of our Supreme Court, 75% for our Presidents, 70% of members of our two highest courts, and over 50% of all of our congressmen. The last state-men is very important if we recall our method of selecting members of Congress - our political machinery and its devious ways of working. I have no authentic data from other fields, but all you need to do to ensure almost like further details call your service is your own knowledge of the overall situation. In the communities with which they are unfamiliar, including people they know personally or by reputation, what are the facts? Who are the leaders? When people within the university, are leaders or followers?

There are exceptions, of course. Did you hear once and the names of the men, some of them, through the exercise of its own inherent strength, without the help of the university, have reached their deserved greatness. I have only to mention the names of our immortal Lincoln, or present in England, David Lloyd George, in the field of statecraft, or Lord Strathcona and Sir William Van Horne, and James J. Hill, the railroad kings and empire builders in the business world, or of Luther Burbank, in the field of science, so that the exceptions made perfectly clear. But they are exceptions - for that matter - and the exceptions only prove the rule.

And as a few, just to say, their positions, tho of leadership are generally subordinate, who despite being featured in some limited areas, are following the lead of others in wider areas including their own - and those that followed are more extensive training. This is especially true of men who have achieved success in business or in politics. Its success, its leadership, it is often more apparent than real, - as it does according to his advisers - broadly educated men. Take Lord Strathcona, for example, or Mr. Hill, as typical examples, with all its vision and its recognized ability, what could have been done, even in his own field of activity, had it not been for the trained physicist , the chemical expert, and engineer - products of the university - they gave their tracks, built bridges, designed their engines, and in many ways made it possible to realize their dreams? Would have been powerless. Tho leaders, continued, and its type is always going to follow, a college student. You can hire this student and pay him his salary, but are still in debt to him to take them onwards and upwards.

In a hasty survey, therefore, that, however, I am satisfied would give the same result no matter how far pushed, our statement seems to be justified.

But look at it from another point of view. How is the issue considered by today's most deeply interested in the future welfare of humanity and all nations of the world?
