Positions of leadership today--filled by whom? 

Exhaustive and thoroughly satisfactory statistics are not available, but we have to agree with the statement in question. Practically our only reliable statistics touching the matter are gathered from our biographical encyclopedias. A few years ago, a very interesting study was made of the data found in the current issue of Who's Who in America. This book, is made up of short biographies of such persons living, at that time, in the United States. These people have become real factors in the progress and achievement of the age, in other words, of men recognized as leaders, in thought and action, in the educational, political, military, and business realms. 

Of the whole number mentioned in the issue studied, educational data was given of 11,019. Of that number 1,111 had attended elementary school; 1,966 had graduated from high school, but only 7,942 had graduated from the colleges and universities. In other words, more than 72% of these leaders are shown to have received their final preparations for leadership within college walls. 

Other figures that are just as interesting have been gathered thru a use of Appleton's Encyclopedia of Biography. A few years ago careful study was made of an edition just then out.  It was found that of the college graduates of America, one out of every forty had gained sufficient distinction to merit recognition in that encyclopedia, whereas only one out of 10,000 non-graduates, the public at large, had received such distinction. In other words, the college graduate had 1 in 250 chance for achieving leadership. 

Moreover, the higher institutions of learning have furnished every one of the Chief Justices of our Supreme Court, 75% of our Presidents, 70% of the membership of our two highest courts, and more than 50% of all our Congressmen. The last statement is very significant when one recalls our method of selecting Congressmen--our political machinery and its devious modes of working. I have no authentic data of other fields, but all that one needs to do to satisfy himself practically as to other details is to call to his service his own knowledge of the general situation. In the communities with which you are acquainted, among the people whom you know either know personally or by reputation, what are the facts? Who are the leaders? Where are college people found, are they leaders or followers in the community and business? 

There are exceptions, of course. There are people that come to mind who, through the exercise of their own inherent strength, have risen to the challenge.  These individuals are unaided by colleges and have risen to deserved greatness. I only have to mention the names of our immortal Lincoln, or England's present David Lloyd George, in the field of statesmanship, or of Lord Strathcona or Sir William Van Horne, or James J. Hill, railroad kings and empire builders, in the business world, or of Luther Burbank, in the realm of science, to make the fact of exceptions perfectly clear. But they are exceptions--that's the point--and exceptions merely prove the rule. 

And even as to the few it is scarcely necessary to say that their positions, tho of leadership, are, generally speaking, subordinate ones, they themselves even while leading in certain limited fields, are following the leadership of others in broader fields which include their own--and the ones followed are they of the broader training. This is especially true of men who have achieved success in the business world or in the political field. Their success, their leadership, is often more seeming than real,--depending as it does upon their advisers--broadly educated men. Take Lord Strathcona, for example, or Mr. Hill, as typical illustrations; with all their far-sightedness and their recognized ability, what could they have done?  Even in their own field of activity, had it not been for the trained physicist, the skilled chemist, and the engineer--products of the university--who gave them their rails, built their bridges, designed their engines, and in many ways made it possible for them to realize their dreams? They would have been powerless. The leaders they followed, and their kind always will follow the university student. They may hire this student and pay him his wage, but they are still indebted to him for leading them onward and upward. 

I am sure a hsty survey would yield the same results no matter what.  Our statement seems to be justified.

But let us look at it from another point of view. How is the matter regarded by those of the present time most deeply interested in the future well-being of man and of the nations of the world?
