There was a cup of chocolate and the morning paper on the tray, the same as every
morning. Then Mme. Derline courageously got up, slipped her little bare feet into fur slippers,
wrapped herself in a white cashmere dressing-gown, and crouched shivering in an arm-chair by
the fire. She sipped the chocolate, and slightly burned herself; she must wait a little while.
She put down the cup, took up the paper, unfolded it, and rapidly ran her eye over the six
columns of the front page. At the bottom, quite at the bottom of the sixth column, were the
following lines:

    Last evening at the opera there was a very brilliant performance of
    "Sigurd." Society was well represented there; the beautiful Duchess
    of Montaiglon, the pretty Countess Verdinière of Lardac, the
    marvellous Marquise of Muriel, the lively Baroness  of--

To read the name of the baroness it was necessary to turn the page. Mme. Derline did not turn
it; she was thinking, reflecting. The evening before she had amused herself by having Palmer
point out to her the social leaders in the house, and it so happened that the banker had pointed
out to her the marvellous marquise. And Mme. Derline--who was twenty-two--raised herself a
little to look in the glass. She exchanged a slight smile with a young blonde, who was very
pink and white.

"Ah," she said to herself, "if I were a marquise the man who wrote this would perhaps have
paid some attention to me, and my name would perhaps be there. I wonder if it's fun to see
one's name printed in a paper?"

And while addressing this question to herself, she turned the page, and continued reading:

    --the lively Baroness of Myrvoix, etc. We have to announce the
    appearance of a new star which has abruptly burst forth in the
    Parisian constellation. The house was in ecstasy over a strange and
    disturbing blonde, whose dark steel eyes, and whose shoulders--ah,
    what shoulders! The shoulders were the event of the evening. From
    all quarters one heard asked, "Who is she?" "Who is she?" "To whom
    do those divine shoulders belong?" "To whom?" We know, and our
    readers will doubtless thank us for telling them the name of this
    ideal wonder. It is Mme. Derline.

Her name! She had read her name! She was dazzled. Her eyes clouded. All the letters in the
alphabet began to dance wildly on the paper. Then they calmed down, stopped, and regained their
places. She was able to find her name, and continue reading;

    It is Mme. Derline, the wife of one of the most agreeable and
    richest lawyers in Paris. The Prince of Nérins, whose word has so
    much weight in such matters, said yesterday evening to every one who
    would listen, "She is the most beautiful woman in Paris." We are
    absolutely of that opinion.

A single paragraph, and that was all. It was enough, it was too much! Mme Derline was seized
with a feeling of undefinable confusion. It was a combination of fear and pleasure, of joy
and trouble, of satisfied vanity and wounded modesty. Her dressing-gown was a little open;
she folded it over with a sort of violence, and crossed it upon, her feet, abruptly drawn back
towards the arm-chair. She had a feeling of nudity. It seemed to her that all Paris was there,
in her room, and that the Prince de Nérins was in front saying to all Paris, "Look, look! She
is the most beautiful woman in Paris."

The Prince of Nérins! She knew the name well, for she read with keen interest in the papers
all the articles entitled "Parisian Life," "High Life," "Society Echoes," etc.; and all the
society columns signed "Mousseline," "Fanfreluche," "Brimborion," "Véloutine"; all the accounts
of great marriages, great balls, of great comings out, and of great charity sales. The name
of the prince often figured in these articles, and he was always quoted as supreme arbiter
of Parisian elegances.

And it was he who had declared--ah!--decidedly pleasure got the better of fear. Still trembling
with emotion, Mme. Derline went and placed herself before a long looking-glass, an old cheval-glass
from Jacob's, which never till now had reflected other than good middle-class women married
to good lawyers. In that glass she looked at herself, examined herself, studied herself, long,
curiously, and eagerly. Of course she knew she was pretty, but oh, the power of print! She
found herself absolutely delightful. She was no longer Mme. Derline--she was the most beautiful
woman in Paris! Her feet, her little feet--their bareness no longer troubled her--left the
ground. She raised herself gently towards the heavens, towards the clouds, and felt herself
become a goddess.

But suddenly an anxiety seized her. "Edward! What would Edward say?" Edward was her husband.
