There was a cup of chocolate and the morning paper in the tray, the same thing every morning. Then the lady. Derlin courageously stood up, slipped her little bare feet in leather sandals, wrapped in a white cashmere coat, shivering and huddled in an armchair by the fire. She took a sip of chocolate, and a little burned, she has to wait awhile. He left the cup, took the paper, unfolded it, and quickly moved his gaze on the six columns of the first page. Deep down, deep down in the sixth column, were the following lines: 
Yesterday afternoon at the opera was not a brilliant performance of "Sigurd." Society was well represented in it, the Duchess of Montaiglon beautiful, the beautiful Countess of Verdinière Lardac, the marquise Muriel wonderful, lively Baroness - 

To read the name of the Baroness was necessary to turn the page. Mme. Derlin not time, she was thinking, thinking. The night before she had fun with Palmer to bring to their social leaders in the house, and it so happened that the banker had been brought to its wonderful the Marquise. And Mme. Derlin - that was twenty - was up a little to look in the mirror. He exchanged a smile with a young blonde who was very pink and white. 

"Ah, he thought, if I were a marquise who wrote this man might have paid some attention to me, and my name might be there. I wonder if it's fun to see your name on a document? "

And in addressing the issue itself, turned the page and continued reading: 

- Baroness Myrvoix animated, etc. We have to announce the emergence of a new star that has suddenly exploded in the constellation of Paris. The house was in ecstasy over a strange and disturbing ah blonde, whose dark eyes of steel, and whose shoulders - the shoulders! The shoulders were the evening event. From all sides was heard asked, "Who is she?" "Who is she?" "Who are those divine men?" "Who?" We know, and our readers, no doubt, will thank us for telling them the name of this wonderful ideal. It is the lady. Derlin. 

His name! She had read his name! She was astonished. His eyes clouded. All letters of the alphabet began to dance wildly in the paper. Then he calmed down, stopped and got his place. She was able to find your name, and continue reading; 

It is the lady. Derlin, the wife of one of the nicest and richest lawyers in Paris. The Prince of Nérins, whose word is of such importance in the field, said last night to everyone who would listen, "She's the most beautiful woman in Paris." We are absolutely of the opinion. 

A single paragraph, and that was it. It was enough, it was too! Derlin Madame was seized with a feeling of indescribable confusion. It was a combination of fear and pleasure, of joy and anguish, of satisfied vanity and modesty wounded. Her gown was a little open, folded it again with a kind of violence, and crossed over, with his feet, suddenly drawn back to the couch. She felt naked. It seemed that all Paris was there in his room, and that the prince was in front of all Nérins Paris saying, "Look, look! She is the most beautiful woman in Paris." 

The Prince of Nérins! She knew the name, to read with great interest in the documents of all articles, entitled "Parisian Life," "High Life", "Echoes Society", etc, and all the pillars of society signed "Mousseline" "Fanfreluche," Brimborion "," Véloutine "all accounts of marriages big, big balls, big trips out, and sales of great charity. The Prince's name frequently appeared in these articles, and he was always cited as the supreme arbiter of Parisian elegance.

And it was he who had said - ah! - Definitely pleasure was stronger than fear. Still trembling with emotion, madame. Derlin went and stood before a long mirror, a cheval glass old Jacob, who never before had reflected good than middle-class women married to good lawyers. In that mirror, looked at, examined, studied, along with curiosity and enthusiasm. Of course, she knew she was pretty, but oh, the power of print! She was absolutely delightful. It was not the lady. Derlin - she was the most beautiful woman in Paris! Her feet, her little feet - their nudity and not troubled her - left the field. She gently lifted into the sky, into the clouds, and was turned into a goddess. 

But suddenly a hold of her anxiety. "Edward! What does Edward say? "Edward was her husband.
