Meanwhile, the regent, irreverently called Uncle Sam, who rules the land while
his master is away in Utopia, reads the cahiers of the nobles, laughs in his sleeve at that
of the clergy, and forgets all about that of the third estate. Or if he thinks of it at all,
it is only to try to fill its place with twenty-four-volume Census Reports and massive tomes
from the other departments.

The cahiers of the third estate are, in truth, few and defective, yet there are some communities
that have done their work well. For example, there is The Memorial History of Boston which
does credit even to the Hub of American historical literature. It was the work of cultivated
men, and although the cooks were many, the broth is excellent. That the people were a-hungering
for just such broth is shown by the fact that the net profits from it in the first twelve months
after publication, as it is said, were over fifty thousand dollars.

Boston is almost the only city in the land that has been the subject of a full, accurate, and
interesting history. The History of New York, by Martha J. Lamb, is not so full as might have
been wished, but is otherwise unexceptionable. New York is fortunate in having the most graphic
and humorous history of its early days that any city in the world ever had, but nobody except
Diedrich Knickerbocker himself ever claimed a great amount of accuracy and truthfulness for
his unrivaled work.

It was to be expected that our older cities,--those whose seeds were planted by Puritans, Dutch
traders, Catholic fugitives, Quakers, Cavalier spendthrifts and rogues, Huguenot exiles, and
in general the motley crowd that sought the land of milk and honey in the seventeenth and early
part of the eighteenth centuries,--it was to be expected that these cities would have historians
ad nauseam. The very nature of the early colonization of America, the elements of romance and
adventure so conspicuous in the history of early days on the Atlantic coast, gave warrant to
such expectations, and the event has justified them. But where the romance and adventure end,
the historian lays down his pen. It is left to the census enumerator to complete the work,
and the brazen age of statistics follows the golden age of history.

As the cities in the heart of the continent have very little of the picturesque in their history,
the same line of reasoning would lead us to expect that the historian would carefully avoid
them, or else write only of their earliest days, when Dame Fortune was yet coquetting on the
boards with Mr. Yankee Adventurer. Again we are not mistaken, for we find that what few critics
are present when the curtain is rung up, leave the house when the first act ends with the death
of the aforesaid adventurer. How the fickle dame flirts with all the neighboring young men,
and at last, at the end of the second act, has her attention led by Captain Location to the
hero of the piece as a suitable mate for her wayward daughter, Miss Prosperity,--all this is
usually written up from hearsay. For the third act, wherein the twin brothers Steamboat Navigation
and Railroad Communication help the hero to press his suit, the imagination often suffices.
The grand finale, however, brings back some of the old set of critics, together with a host
of new ones, who describe in glowing language the setting of the act, the costumes, the music,
etc., and tell minutely how young Miss Prosperity blushingly yet boldly promises to be forever
true to the gallant hero, now known under his rightful name of Mr. Metropolis. Ac-cording to
the critic, this grand drama always ends happily for all concerned; the acting is always perfect,--the
best ever seen on the stage; the scenery has seldom been equaled, never excelled. And this
is the way the public hears about every "greatest drama ever produced on any stage."

Do you think the critic too harshly criticized? Look for yourself. Take Cleveland, if you want
a good city with which to begin your explorations among the histories of Western cities. Here
is one of the loveliest places in all the basin of the Great Lakes--rich, prosperous, beautiful.
It was the one city which alt the travelers through the West in the second quarter of this
century united in declaring to be attractive. For instance, J.S. Buckingham, who visited America
forty-three years ago, complimented Cleveland as follows, in a book called The Eastern and
Western States of America: "The buildings of Cleveland are all remarkably clean and neat, many
of them in excellent architectural style, and, like the dwellings we saw at Cincinnati and
other towns of Ohio, all evincing more taste, love of flowers, and attention to order and adornment
than in most of the States of the Union."
