The regent,disrespectfully called Uncle Sam rules the land while his master is away in Utopia, reads the report of the nobles, laughs secretly at that of the clergy, and forgets  of the common people. He thinks of  to fill its place with twenty-four-volume Census Reports and massive large book from the other departments. 


There are some communities that have done their work well.The list of grievances  of the common people are few and defective. The Memorial History of Boston which does credit even to the Hub of American historical literature was the work of cultivated men, and although the cooks were many, the broth is excellent. Broth is shown by the fact that the net profits from it in the first twelve months after publication, as it is said, were over fifty thousand dollars.  

Boston is having  a full, accurate and interesting history. The History of New York, by Martha J. Lamb, is not so full, but is otherwise unexceptionable. New York is fortunate in having the most graphic and humorous history of its early days that any city in the world ever had, but nobody except Diedrich Knickerbocker himself ever claimed a great amount of accuracy and truthfulness for his incomparable work.

It was to be expected that our older cities,and the traditional costumed  crowd that sought the land in the seventeenth and early part of the eighteenth centuries. Expected that these cities  have ridiculous historians. At the Atlantic coast  nature of colonization of America,  of romance and adventure so conspicuous in the history of early days , gave derivative security to such expectations, and the event has justified them. But where the romance and adventure end, the historian lays down his pen and the census enumerator to complete the work, and the  age of statistics follows the golden age of history. 

Dame Fortune was yet to trifle on the boards with Mr. Yankee Adventurer, the cities in the heart of the continent have  the picturesque in their history, the same line of reasoning would lead us to expect that the historian would carefully avoid them, or else write only of their earliest days.

Miss Prosperity,--all this is usually written up from hearsay, the instable dame flirts with all the neighboring young men, and at last, at the end of the second act, has her attention led by Captain. . For the third act, wherein the twin brothers Steamboat Navigation and Railroad Communication help the hero to press his suit, the imagination often suffices. Finally however, the old set of critics and  new ones describe in glowing language the setting of the act, the costumes, the music, etc., and tell minutely how young Miss Prosperity blushingly yet boldly promises to be forever true to the gallant hero, known under his rightful name of Mr. Metropolis. Ac-cording to the critic, the drama always ends happily for all concerned; the acting is always perfect,--the best ever seen on the stage.  This is the way the public hears about every  drama ever produced on any stage.


If you think the critic are harshly criticized?. Take Cleveland, a good city with which to begin your explorations among the histories of Western cities, rich, prosperous and  beautiful.The loveliest places in all the basin of the Great Lakes. One city which alt the travelers through the West in the second quarter of this century. For instance, J.S. Buckingham,  complimented  as follows, in a book called The Eastern and Western States of America: "The buildings of Cleveland are all remarkably clean and neat, many of them in excellent architectural style, and, like the dwellings we saw at Cincinnati and other towns of Ohio, all evincing more taste, love of flowers, and attention to order and adornment than in most of the States of the Union."
