Meanwhile, the regent, irreverently known as Uncle Sam, who rules the land, while his master is away utopia sounds cahiers of the nobles, laughing in his sleeve at his own clergy, and forget all about that the third estate. Or if he thinks about it all, it's just trying to fill his place with a volume of 24 census reports and the massive tomes of the other departments.

Third Estate cahiers are, in fact, few and disadvantages, but there are some communities that have done their job well. For example, a commemorative history of Boston, which even the credit of the American Hub historical literature. It was the work of cultivated men, and even the cooks were much broth is excellent. That people are hungry for just such a broth demonstrated by the fact that the net profit during the first twelve months after publication, as it is said, was more than fifty thousand dollars.

Boston is almost the only urban land, there has been complete, accurate and interesting history. New York history, with Martha J. Lamb is not as full as could be wished, but otherwise meet. New York is fortunate, because, in most graphic and humorous history from its inception that any city in the world has ever had, but no one except Diedrich Knickerbocker himself ever demanded a large amount of accuracy and veracity of his unrivaled work.

It was expected that our older cities - those whose seeds planted by the Puritan, Dutch traders, Catholic fugitives, Quakers, Cavalier spendthrifts and rogues, Huguenot exiles, and general motley crowd, who claimed the land of milk and honey in the seventeenth and early part of the eighteenth centuries - it was expected that these cities will historians ad nauseam. Back in colonial America, elements of romance and adventure, so conspicuous in the history of the beginning of the Atlantic coast, gave orders such hopes, and if they are justified. But where romance and adventure end Historian down his pen. It is left to the census enumerator to complete the work, and the Bronze Age of statistics shows a golden age of history.

As the heart of the continent's cities have very little picturesque in its history the same reasoning would lead us to expect that a historian might care to avoid them, or write only their first date, when Dame Fortune was still on the coquetting Mr. Yankee Adventurer boards. Again we are not wrong, because we find that those few critics who are present when the curtain is rung up, leave the house when the first act ends with the death of the aforementioned adventures. How fickle Dame flirts with all the neighborhood boys, and finally, at the end of the second act, her attention is led by the master site to a hero as a piece of a suitable mate for her wayward daughter, Miss Prosperity - it's all-is usually compiled from hearsay. As for the third act, where the twin brothers of Steamboat Navigation and rail communications to help the hero presses his suit, imagination is often enough. Grand finale, however, brings back some old set of critics, as well as a host of new, who describe the glowing language of the act, costumes, music, etc., and tell you exactly how many young Miss Prosperity blushingly still safe to promise to be eternally faithful gallant hero who now known by its legal name of Mr. Metropolis. Ac-cording to the critic, this grand drama always ends happily for all concerned, acting is always perfect - the best ever seen on the stage, scenery has seldom been equaled, never excelled. And this is how the public hears about every "greatest drama ever produced at any stage."

Do you think a critic too harshly criticized? Look for yourself. Take Cleveland, if you want a good city with which to begin your search for the western city of history. Here is one of the loveliest places in all the Great Lakes basin - a rich, prosperous, beautiful. It was one of the city, the alt traveling through the West in the second quarter of this century, uniformly recognized as an attractive one. For example, J.S. Buckingham, who visited America forty-three years, complimented Cleveland as follows in the book called the eastern and western United States: Cleveland buildings are all very clear and neat, many of them with an excellent architectural style and, as we saw in the housing at Cincinnati and other cities in Ohio, all evincing more flavor, love, flowers, and attention to order and adornment than in most countries of the European Union.
