The chocolate may resemble that of oatmeal porridge, but it is delicious all the same - very fluffy and frothy. It is served in small coffee-cups and enjoyed by dipping little chips or rusks into the mixture.  This sweltering treat may require a glass of cold water afterwards.  Though, a serving of lemonade, azucarillas and water, or tea is more common.  The azucarilla is a concoction similar to that of Edinburgh rock, but more spongy and with a hint of meringue.  With it, you flavor the water with sugar, vanilla, and a citrus.  A bite of meringue is followed by a swig of this water.

I recall my first tertulia in Madrid as a young girl.  No less than eighty guests attended.  The women donned morning dresses, demanding the attention of every person as they entered the room.  It is custom for a gentleman to rise for a Spanish lady.  Thus, everyone rose as new arrivals circulated the room, greeting each woman respectfully.  This ritual grew monotonously tiresome as each woman entered the room.  I soon wished that they all would just enter at once.  Thankfully, by the time the dancing begun, the ceremony had ceased.

When introduced to your dancing partner, the first course of action is for the gentleman to request your Christian name.  Upon addressing you by it, it is as if the gentleman has known you from infancy.  Even the elderly woman is addressed by her Christian name.  You, however, are expected to only address the gentleman by his surname.  If there is more than one brother, you may call him by his Christian name.

Despite non-intimate practices adhered to by both the men and women during the unusually long pauses between songs, the dances were not unlike ours.  The trigodon is a variation of the quadrille and the mazurka of the polka.  Nevertheless, Spaniards dance elegantly.  They waltz with a distinctive poetry of motion and an abandonment of enjoyment, as few other men do, with every fiber of their being.

This is a typical tertulia of many.  The cotillon, which closed the evening, was favored by all.
