The chocolate is served in small coffee-cups, and is of the consistency of oatmeal porridge;
but it is delicious all the same, very light and well frothed up. It is "eaten" by dipping
little finger-rusks or sponge-chips into the mixture, and you are extremely glad of the glass
of cold water after it. This is, however, rather an exception; lemonade, azucarillas and water,
or tea served in a separate room about twelve o'clock, is more usual. The azucarilla is a confection
not unlike "Edinburgh rock," but more porous and of the nature of a meringue. You stir the
water with it, when it instantly dissolves, flavouring the water with vanilla, lemon, or orange,
as well as sugar. Sometimes you are offered meringues, which you eat first, and then drink
the water.

I have a very perfect recollection of my first tertulia in Madrid, when I was a very young
girl. We had been asked to go quite early, as we were the strangers of the evening. Between
seventy and eighty guests dropped in, the ladies chiefly in morning dress, as we understand
the word. A Spanish lady never rises to receive a gentleman; but when any ladies entered the
large drawing-room where we were all seated, every one rose and stood while the new arrivals
made the circuit of the room, shaking hands with their friends or kissing them on both cheeks,
and giving a somewhat undignified little nod to those whom they did not know. The first time
every one rose I thought we were going to sing a hymn, or take part in some ceremony; but as
it had to be repeated each time a lady entered the room, I began to wish they would all come
at once. As soon as the dancing began, however, this ceremony was discontinued. When you are
introduced to a partner, the first thing he does is to inquire your Christian name; from that
time forth he addresses you by it, as if he had known you from infancy, and in speaking to
him you are expected to use his surname alone. If there be more than one brother, you address
the younger one as "Arturo," "Ramon," or whatever his Christian name may be. The diminutives
are, however, almost always used--Pacquita, Juanito, etc., in place of Francisca or Juan. Even
the middle-aged and old ladies are always spoken to by their Christian names, and it is quite
common to hear a child of six addressing a lady who is probably a grandmother as "Luisa" or
"Mariquita."

Between the dances the pauses were unusually long, but they were never spent by the ladies
sitting in rows round the walls, while the men blocked up the doorways and looked bored. There
were no "flirting corners," and sitting out on the stairs à deux would have been a compromiso.
The whole company broke up into little knots and circles, the chairs, which had been pushed
into corners or an ante-room, were fetched out, and the men, without any sort of shyness, generally
seated themselves in front of the ladies, and kept up a perfectly wild hubbub of conversation
until the music for the next dance struck up. Dowagers and dueñas were few; they sat in the
same spot all the evening, and asked each other what rent they paid, how many chimeneas (fireplaces)
they had, whether they burned wood or coal, and lamented over the price of both. They reminded
one irresistibly of the "two crumbly old women" in Kavanagh "who talked about moths, and cheap
furniture, and the best cure for rheumatism."

The dances were the same as ours, with some small differences: the rigodon is a variation of
the quadrille, and the lancers are slightly curtailed. There was a decided fancy for the polka
and a species of mazurka, which I remembered having learned from a dancing-master in the dawn
of life, under some strange and forgotten name. Spaniards dance divinely--nothing less. They
waltz as few other men do, a very poetry of motion, an abandonment of enjoyment, as if their
soul were in it, especially if the music be somewhat languid. This is especially the case with
the artillery officers, who are great favourites in society, and belong exclusively to the
upper ranks.

I have described this tertulia at length because it was a typical one of many. The cotillon
was a great favourite, and generally closed the evening.
