It was a face full of pride, and, as I saw it then, of scorn--scorn that scarcely deigned to
laugh; while the girl's graceful figure, slight and maidenly, yet perfectly proportioned, seemed
instinct with the same feeling of contemptuous amusement.

The play, which seemed long enough to me, might have lasted longer, seeing that no one there
had pity on me, had I not, in my desperation, espied a door at the farther end of the room,
and concluded, seeing no other, that it was the door of the king's bedchamber. The mortification
I was suffering was so great that I did not hesitate, but advanced with boldness towards it.
On the instant there was a lull in the laughter round me, and half a dozen voices called on
me to stop.

'I have come to see the king,' I answered, turning on them fiercely, for I was by this time
in no mood for browbeating, 'and I will see him!'

'He is out hunting,' cried all with one accord; and they signed imperiously to me to go back
the way I had come.

But having the king's appointment safe in my pouch, I thought I had good reason to disbelieve
them; and taking advantage of their surprise--for they had not expected so bold a step on my
part--I was at the door before they could prevent me. I heard Mathurine, the fool, who had
sprung to her feet, cry 'Pardieu! he will take the Kingdom of Heaven by force!' and those were
the last words I heard; for, as I lifted the latch--there was no one on guard there--a sudden
swift silence fell upon the room behind me.

I pushed the door gently open and went in. There were two men sitting in one of the windows,
who turned and looked angrily towards me. For the rest the room was empty. The king's walking-shoes
lay by his chair, and beside them the boot-hooks and jack. A dog before the fire got up slowly
and growled, and one of the men, rising from the trunk on which he had been sitting, came towards
me and asked me, with every sign of irritation, what I wanted there, and who had given me leave
to enter.

I was beginning to explain, with some diffidence the stillness of the room sobering me--that
I wished to see the king, when he who had advanced took me up sharply with, 'The king? the
king? He is not here, man. He is hunting at St. Valery. Did they not tell you so outside?'

I thought I recognised the speaker, than whom I have seldom seen a man more grave and thoughtful
for his years, which were something less than mine, more striking in presence, or more soberly
dressed. And being desirous to evade his question, I asked him if I had not the honour to address
M. du Plessis Mornay; for that wise and courtly statesman, now a pillar of Henry's counsels,
it was.

'The same, sir,' he replied, abruptly, and without taking his eyes from me. 'I am Mornay. What
of that?'

'I am M. de Marsac,' I explained. And there I stopped, supposing that, as he was in the king's
confidence, this would make my errand clear to him.

But I was disappointed. 'Well, sir?' he said, and waited impatiently.

So cold a reception, following such treatment as I had suffered outside, would have sufficed
to have dashed my spirits utterly had I not felt the king's letter in my pocket. Being pretty
confident, however, that a single glance at this would alter M. du Mornay's bearing for the
better, I hastened, looking on it as a kind of talisman, to draw it out and present it to him.

He took it, and looked at it, and opened it, but with so cold and immovable an aspect as made
my heart sink more than all that had gone before. 'What is amiss?' I cried, unable to keep
silence. ''Tis from the king, sir.'

'A king in motley!' he answered, his lip curling.

The sense of his words did not at once strike home to me, and I murmured, in great disorder,
that the king had sent for me.

'The king knows nothing of it,' was his blunt answer, bluntly given. And he thrust the paper
back into my hands. 'It is a trick,' he continued, speaking with the same abruptness, 'for
which you have doubtless to thank some of those idle young rascals without. You had sent an
application to the king, I suppose? Just so. No doubt they got hold of it, and this is the
result. They ought to be whipped.'

It was not possible for me to doubt any longer that what he said was true. I saw in a moment
all my hopes vanish, all my plans flung to the winds; and in the first shock of the discovery
I could neither find voice to answer him nor strength to withdraw. In a kind of vision I seemed
to see my own lean, haggard face looking at me as in a glass, and, reading despair in my eyes,
could have pitied myself.

My disorder was so great that M. du Mornay observed it. Looking more closely at me, he two
or three times muttered my name, and at last said, 'M. de Marsac? Ha! I remember.
