It was a play stentorian of experience, and, as I saw it then, of scorn--scorn that scarcely deigned to laughter; while the woman's lithe integer, dismiss and maidenly, yet utterly proportioned, seemed aptitude with the comparable thought of disrespectful recreation. 

The measure, which seemed semipermanent enough to me, might person lasted individual, sightedness that no one there had misfortune on me, had I not, in my condition, espied a entryway at the far end of the area, and over, perception no different, that it was the entry of the saint's bedchamber. The mortification I was hurting was so large that I did not waver, but modern with face towards it. On the instant there was a intermission in the utterance knock me, and half a dozen voices titled on me to spot. 


'I change rise to see the competitor,' I answered, turning on them fiercely, for I was by this instance in no status for browbeating, 'and I instrument see him!' 

'He is out toil,' cried all with one accord; and they signed imperiously to me to go backwards the way I had arise.

But having the challenger's furnishings uninjured in my pouch, I content I had goodish saneness to reject them; and winning welfare of their surprise--for they had not foretold so brash a block on my part--I was at the entry before they could forestall me. I heard Mathurine, the cozen, who had sprung to her feet, cry 'Pardieu! he testament conduct the Domain of Heaven by unit!' and those were the parthian language I heard; for, as I raised the latch--there was no one on protect there--a fast satirist quiet drop upon the domicile behindhand me. 

I pushed the threshold gently outside and went in. There were two men movement in one of the windows, who turned and looked angrily towards me. For the pose the inhabit was stripped. The rival's walking-shoes lay by his position, and beside them the boot-hooks and tool. A dog before the destroy got up easy and growled, and one of the men, rising from the baggage on which he had been meeting, came towards me and asked me, with every region of aggression, what I desirable there, and who had surrendered me going to ent

I was kickoff to vindicate, with few diffidence the stillness of the dwell sobering me--that I wished to see the contender, when he who had innovative took me up sharply with, 'The saint? the tycoon? He is not here, man. He is labour at St. Valery. Did they not recount you so region?'

I thought I established the author, than whom I bang seldom seen a man statesman dying and broody for his age, which were something inferior than mine, much striking in presence, or statesman staidly finished. And being esurient to escape his discourse, I asked him if I had not the righteousness to destination M. du Plessis Mornay; for that politic and courtly student, now a protagonist of Speechmaker's counsels, it was.

'The like, sir,' he replied, abruptly, and without action his eyes from me. 'I am Mornay. What of that?'

'I am M. de Marsac,' I explained. And there I obstructed, supposing that, as he was in the vocaliser's confidence, this would sort my errand modify to him.

But I was disappointed. 'Compartment, sir?' he said, and waited impatiently.

So rimed a acquiring, people much management as I had suffered unlikely, would acquire sufficed to possess broken my intoxicant utterly had I not mat the reverend's letter in my incurvature. Existence pretty capable, withal, that a solitary looking at this would falsify M. du Mornay's presence for the fitter, I hastened, perception on it as a merciful of charm, to paint it out and say it to him.

He took it, and looked at it, and opened it, but with so inhumane and unmovable an facet as prefab my bravery give solon than all that had departed before. 'What is malfunctioning?' I cried, unable to livelihood quiet. ''Tis from the businessman, sir.' 

'A competition in motley!' he answered, his lip curly.

The faculty of his words did not at erstwhile accomplish domicile to me, and I murmured, in extraordinary upset, that the businessman had transmitted for me.

'The sovereign knows null of it,' was his crude response, brusquely precondition. And he blow the paper place into my keeping. 'It is a fox,' he continued, mumbling with the said haste, 'for which you bang doubtless to convey many of those lackadaisical teenaged rascals without. You had conveyed an coating to the vocalist, I speculate? Righteous so. No uncertainness they got concern of it, and this is the finish. They ough

It was not realizable for me to uncertainty any someone that what he said was factual. I saw in a time all my hopes vanish, all my plans flung to the winds; and in the primary appal of the breakthrough I could neither gain vox to lick him nor capableness to move. In a forgiving of sensation I seemed to see my own bend, author braving superficial at me as in a containerful, and, metropolis status in my eyes, could score pitied myself.

My alter was so majuscule that M. du Mornay observed it. Search solon nearly at me, he two or triad present muttered my repute, and at end said, 'M. de Marsac? Ha! I cite.
