It was the power of speech of one man, (13) now seated in the congress of the allies.(12) That vote was not authorised by the state of Thebes.  The important fact is that when the Lacedaemonians summoned us to attack Piraeus (14) the collective state of Thebes passed a  refused to join  the campaign.  You are the major cause of the resentment for the Lacedaemonians feel towards us, hence you are obliged to give us assistance.  Also  requested to our  city party at that date, to render help sincerely in the war with the Lacedaemonians. What were their services to you? They first deliberately converted you into a  state ruled by minority hostile to the democracy. Then came with a great force disguised as your allies delivered you over to the majority, so that, for any service they rendered you, you were practically dead men. You owe your lives to our friends here, the people of Athens. (15)

(12) See "Hell." II. ii. 19; and below, VI. v. 35.

(13) Plut. "Lys." xv. 121.

(14) See "Hell." II. iv. 30.

(15) See "Hell." II. iv. 38, 40, 41.

Men of Athens know that you like to recover the empire. How can you direct your object better than by coming to the aid yourselves of the victims of Lacedaemonian injustice? Are you frightened by wideness of their empire, we believe that you are not cowards.  Let us encourage you as you lay to heart and meditate your own case. When your empire was widest then the crop of your enemies was thickest. They  kept the enmity as a secret until   they found an opportunity to revolt. When  they found a champion in Lacedaemon, at once they revolted against you as to-day.

 Ofcourse,the Argives  ever will be hostile to them. The Eleians have  (17) been robbed of so much territory and so many cities that their friendship is converted into hatred. And what about the Corinthians? the Arcadians?  In the war which Sparta waged against you, there was no hard work, danger nor  expenses, which those peoples did not share, in obedience to the agreeable persuasions (18)  of that power. The Lacedaemonians gained what they wanted,these faithful followers did  not come in for  one fractional portion of empire, honor, or wealth . That is not all. They have no scruple in appointing unfree laborers (19) as governors, and on the free necks of their alies, in the day of their good fortune, they have planted the tyrant's heel.

(16) Lit. "shield to shield."

(17) Lit. "to-day," "nowadays."

(18) {mala liparoumenoi}. See Thuc. i. 66 foll.; vi. 88.

(19) See "Pol. Lac." xiv.

Take the case whom they have detached from yourselves.Instead of freedom presented them with a twofold slavery, the most efficient way by flattery  cheated them.  The allies are tyrannised over by the governor and tyrannised over by the ten commissioners set up by Lysander over every city. (20) And to come lastly to the great king. In spite of all the enormous contributions, is the lord of Asia better off to-day than if he had taken exactly the opposite course and joined you in reducing them?

(20) Grote ("H. G." ix. 323), referring to this passage, and to "Hell." VI. iii. 8-11, notes the change in Spartan habits between 405 and 394 B.C. (i.e. between the victory of Aegospotami and the defeat of Cnidos), when Sparta possessed a large public revenue derived from the tribute of the dependent cities. For her earlier condition, 432 B.C., cf. Thuc. i. 80. For her subsequent condition, 334 B.C., cf. Arist. "Pol." ii. 6, 23.

You will attain to a throne of power quite unexampled by stepping forward once again as the champions of this crowd of sufferers from injustice. In the days of your old empire you were leaders of the maritime powers merely--but now it will be universal. You will have  not only your former subjects, but ourselves, and the Peloponnesians, and the king himself, with all his mighty power.
