(12) This vote was not authorized by the state of Thebes. It was just the statement of a man (13) who was at that time sitting in the Congress of the Allies. A most important fact is that when the Lacedaemonians summoned us to attack Piraeus (14) the collective state of Thebes passed a resolution refusing to participate in the campaign. Because then you are largely the cause of the resentment felt by the Spartans to us, we consider it fair that your turn should assist us. Furthermore we do demand of you, gentlemen, that were part of the city at that time, to enter the heart and soul at war with the Spartans. As were his services to you? First of deliberately becomes an oligarchy and placed you in hostility towards democracy, and then they came with great force under the guise of being your allies, and delivered you more than most, so that, for any service you ruled that they were all dead men, and he owes his life to our friends here, the people of Athens. (15) 
(12) See "Hell." II. ii. 19 and below VI. v. 35. 

(13) Plut. "Lys." xv. 121. 

(14) See "Hell." II. iv. 30. 

(15) See "The Fire." II. iv. 38, 40, 41. 

"But to go - we all know, men of Athens, you would like to regain the empire he had before, and how can the compass of their subject better than you coming to the aid of victims of injustice Lacedaemonians? Is his vast empire of which you are afraid? Do not let the cowardly of you - much more than embolden leave it as that of heart and reflect on their own case. When the empire was larger then the harvest of their enemies was more dense. Just so long as they found the opportunity to rebel did his hatred of you remain obscure, but no sooner had they found a champion in Sparta than they at once showed what he really felt towards you. So too today. We show clearly that we intend to stand shoulder to shoulder (16) against the Spartans besieged, and many of them hate - entire armies - Fear not, be dispatched shortly. To prove the truth of this statement is only necessary to count on the fingers. How many friends have to leave in your hands today? The Argives have been, are and will always be hostile to them. Of course. But Eleians? Why have Eleians recently (17) have won much territory and so many cities that their friendship turns to hate. And what of the Corinthians? Arcadia? the Achaeans? In the war waged against Sparta, there was no work, no risk, no cost, that people did not share, in obedience to the coaxings sweet (18) and trends of this power. The Spartans accomplished what they wanted, and certainly not a fractional part of an empire, honor, or wealth of these faithful followers had come for. That's not all. They have no qualms about appointing their helots (19), governors, and the necks of their free Alles, on the day of his good fortune, they have planted the heel of the tyrant. 

(16) Lit. Shield protector. " 

(17) Lit. "A day", "today." 

(18) () liparoumenoi bad. See Thuc. i. 66 ff. Vi. 88. 

(19) See "Pol Lac." xiv. 

"Then, take again the case of those who have come off of you. The most obvious way have cajoled and deceived them, instead of freedom that they have submitted with the Double slavery. Allies are tyrannized by the governor and tyrannized by the commissioners created by Lisandro ten o'clock in all cities. (20) And finally reaching the great king. Despite all the enormous contributions that helped her gain a hold on you is the master of Asia to-day a whit better than if he had taken exactly the opposite way and joined in reducing them? 

(20) Grote ("HG" ix. 323), referring to this passage, and "Hell." VI. iii. 8-11, notes the change in habits between 405 and 394 Spartans a. C. (Ie, between victory and defeat Aegospotami of Cnidus), when Sparta had large revenues from taxes of cities dependent. For its previous state, 432 a. C. cf. Thuc. i. 80. For his condition subsequent, 334 a. C. cf. Arist. "Pol." ii. 6, 23. 

"Is not it obvious that there is only one step forward once again as the champions of this multitude of victims of injustice, and that will reach a pinnacle of power without precedent? On the day of its former empire who were leaders of powers simply Maritime Organization - that is clear, but his new empire by day will be universal. Customers are behind not only their former subjects, but ourselves, and the Peloponnesians, and the king himself, with all that great power that is theirs.
