(12) That vote was not entitled via the state of Thebes.  It was the utterance merely of one man, (13) whom was at that moment seated within the parliament of the allies. A many meaningful fact is that when the Lacedaemonians paged ourselves towards attack Piraeus (14) the collective state of Thebes traversed a conclusion rejecting towards collaborate within the campaign. As otherwise you are towards a wide extent the inflict of the resentment which the Lacedaemonians feel towards ourselves, we consult it alone fair that you within your curve should render ourselves assistance. Still many do we require of you, sirs, whom were of the city party at that date, towards enter heart and soul into war with the Lacedaemonians. For what were their facilities towards you? They former consciously converted you into an oligarchy and spaced you within violence towards the democracy, and otherwise they arrived with a great drag below guise of being your allies, and delivered you again towards the majority, so that, for any service they rendered you, you were everybody dead men; and you owe your stays towards our allies here, the civilians of Athens. (15)

(12) See "Hell." II. ii. 19; and beneath, VI. v. 35.

(13) Plut. "Lys." xv. 121.

(14) See "Hell." II. iv. 30.

(15) See "Hell." II. iv. 38, 40, 41.

"But towards traverse on--we everybody know, men of Athens, that you would want towards retrieve the empire which you formerly possessed; and how can you compass your object better than via arriving towards the help yourselves of the victims of Lacedaemonian injustice? Is it their thick empire of which you are afraid? Let not that earn cowards of you--much rather lent it embolden you as you lay towards heart and ponder your own case. When your empire was widest otherwise the crop of your enemies was thickest. Only so long as they located none opportunity towards revolt did they keep their hatred of you dark; but none sooner had they located a winner within Lacedaemon than they at once indicated what they genuinely felt towards you. So too to-day. Let ourselves appear plainly that we mean towards stand shoulder towards shoulder (16) embattled against the Lacedaemonians; and haters adequate of them--whole armies--never panic, shall be forthcoming. To prove the truth of this pronouncement you need alone towards numeral upon your fingers. How a lot allies possess they deserted towards them to-day? The Argives possess been, are, and ever shall be, hostile towards them. Of course. But the Eleians? Why, the Eleians possess relatively lately (17) been robbed of so much region and so a lot cities that their friendship is converted into hatred. And what shall we say of the Corinthians? the Arcadians? the Achaeans? In the war which Sparta waged against you, there was none toil, none threat, none expense, which those peoples did not share, within obedience towards the dulcet coaxings (18) and persuasions of that power. The Lacedaemonians benefited what they needed, and otherwise not one fractional allocation of empire, honour, or abundance did these loyal followers arrive within for. That is not all. They possess none scruple within appointing their helots (19) as governors, and onto the free necks of their alies, within the day of their nice fortune, they possess planted the tyrant's heel.

(16) Lit. "shield towards shield."

(17) Lit. "to-day," "nowadays."

(18) {mala liparoumenoi}. See Thuc. i. 66 foll.; vi. 88.

(19) See "Pol. Lac." xiv.

"Then again rob the instance of those whom they possess detached from yourselves. In the most patent distance they possess cajoled and tricked them; within site of freedom they possess showed them with a twofold slavery. The allies are tyrannised again via the governor and tyrannised again via the ten commissioners predetermined up via Lysander again every city. (20) And towards arrive finally towards the great king. In spite of everybody the vast contributions with which he helped them towards benefit a mastery again you, is the lord of Asia one whit better off to-day than whether he had robbed precisely the opposite course and attended you within diminishing them?

(20) Grote ("H. G." ix. 323), mentioning towards this passage, and towards "Hell." VI. iii. 8-11, briefs the distort within Spartan mannerisms between 405 and 394 B.C. (i.e. between the victory of Aegospotami and the defeat of Cnidos), when Sparta possessed a wide social revenue derived from the tribute of the dependent cities. For her originally mood, 432 B.C., cf. Thuc. i. 80. For her following mood, 334 B.C., cf. Arist. "Pol." ii. six, 23.

"Is it not noticeable that you possess alone towards pace forward once again as the winners of this crowd of sufferers from unfairness, and you shall attain towards a pinnacle of power relatively unprecedented? In the days of your old empire you were leaders of the maritime powers merely--that is clear; but your novel empire to-day shall be universal. You shall possess at your backs not alone your former issues, but ourselves, and the Peloponnesians, and the king himself, with everybody that mighty power which is his.
