(12) That vote was not authorised by the state of Thebes.
It was the utterance merely of one man, (13) who was at that time seated in the congress of
the allies. A more important fact is that when the Lacedaemonians summoned us to attack Piraeus
(14) the collective state of Thebes passed a resolution refusing to join in the campaign. As
then you are to a large extent the cause of the resentment which the Lacedaemonians feel towards
us, we consider it only fair that you in your turn should render us assistance. Still more
do we demand of you, sirs, who were of the city party at that date, to enter heart and soul
into war with the Lacedaemonians. For what were their services to you? They first deliberately
converted you into an oligarchy and placed you in hostility to the democracy, and then they
came with a great force under guise of being your allies, and delivered you over to the majority,
so that, for any service they rendered you, you were all dead men; and you owe your lives to
our friends here, the people of Athens. (15)

 (12) See "Hell." II. ii. 19; and below, VI. v. 35.

 (13) Plut. "Lys." xv.
    121.

 (14) See "Hell." II. iv. 30.

 (15) See "Hell." II. iv. 38, 40, 41.

"But to pass on--we all know, men of Athens, that you would like to recover the empire which
you formerly possessed; and how can you compass your object better than by coming to the aid
yourselves of the victims of Lacedaemonian injustice? Is it their wide empire of which you
are afraid? Let not that make cowards of you--much rather let it embolden you as you lay to
heart and ponder your own case. When your empire was widest then the crop of your enemies was
thickest. Only so long as they found no opportunity to revolt did they keep their hatred of
you dark; but no sooner had they found a champion in Lacedaemon than they at once showed what
they really felt towards you. So too to-day. Let us show plainly that we mean to stand shoulder
to shoulder (16) embattled against the Lacedaemonians; and haters enough of them--whole armies--never
fear, will be forthcoming. To prove the truth of this assertion you need only to count upon
your fingers. How many friends have they left to them to-day? The Argives have been, are, and
ever will be, hostile to them. Of course. But the Eleians? Why, the Eleians have quite lately
(17) been robbed of so much territory and so many cities that their friendship is converted
into hatred. And what shall we say of the Corinthians? the Arcadians? the Achaeans? In the
war which Sparta waged against you, there was no toil, no danger, no expense, which those peoples
did not share, in obedience to the dulcet coaxings (18) and persuasions of that power. The
Lacedaemonians gained what they wanted, and then not one fractional portion of empire, honour,
or wealth did these faithful followers come in for. That is not all. They have no scruple in
appointing their helots (19) as governors, and on the free necks of their alies, in the day
of their good fortune, they have planted the tyrant's heel.

 (16) Lit. "shield to shield."

 (17) Lit. "to-day," "nowadays."

 (18) {mala liparoumenoi}. See Thuc. i. 66 foll.; vi. 88.

 (19) See "Pol. Lac." xiv.

"Then again take the case of those whom they have detached from yourselves. In the most patent
way they have cajoled and cheated them; in place of freedom they have presented them with a
twofold slavery. The allies are tyrannised over by the governor and tyrannised over by the
ten commissioners set up by Lysander over every city. (20) And to come lastly to the great
king. In spite of all the enormous contributions with which he aided them to gain a mastery
over you, is the lord of Asia one whit better off to-day than if he had taken exactly the opposite
course and joined you in reducing them?

 (20) Grote ("H. G." ix. 323), referring to this passage, and to
    "Hell." VI. iii. 8-11, notes the change in Spartan habits between
    405 and 394 B.C. (i.e. between the victory of Aegospotami and the
    defeat of Cnidos), when Sparta possessed a large public revenue
    derived from the tribute of the dependent cities. For her earlier
    condition, 432 B.C., cf. Thuc. i. 80. For her subsequent
    condition, 334 B.C., cf. Arist. "Pol." ii. 6, 23.

"Is it not clear that you have only to step forward once again as the champions of this crowd
of sufferers from injustice, and you will attain to a pinnacle of power quite unprecedented?
In the days of your old empire you were leaders of the maritime powers merely--that is clear;
but your new empire to-day will be universal. You will have at your backs not only your former
subjects, but ourselves, and the Peloponnesians, and the king himself, with all that mighty
power which is his.
