Volens Nolens .-- Many people do not start "Dear John Doe" or end with "Sincerely", etc, on a postcard, simply enter your full address at the top, and below it signed with the initials message only. But you can do whatever you want on the subject, there is no rule. We wonder that, after the suspicions of our honesty, followed by reading our newspaper.

Rousseau and silky .-- We know of no simple cure for nerves, unless, as sometimes happens, it happens to an illness, a doctor should be consulted. Try to forget yourself in the pleasure of adding to the enjoyment of others. 

HOPE .-- Atheling AEI means "forever." "I think that is a common language used by all, and no more harm that such expressions are common. 

JSF - 

"Not even the most tender heart, and with us, you know half the reasons to smile and sigh" 

is "Keble Christian Year, 24th Sunday after Trinity, verse 1.

MARIE .-- The appointment - 

"A wing of spring by a river of yellow primrose was to him, And it was nothing more," 

Wordsworth's poem is, "Peter Bell," Part I, verse 12. 

ERA .-- The importance of the bee that appears on the monument of the Prince Imperial, is that the French royal robe and the rule is planted thick with golden bees instead of "Louis flowers" or Fleurs de Lys. The origin goes back to the time of the ancient Egyptians, symbolizing their kings under this emblem, honey indicating the prize that gave him the right to implement it, and the punishment for bad bite. More than 300 golden bees were found in the tomb of Childeric, AD 1653. Give your song to a composer. Sometimes they are in the application, most often there is more supply than needed. It all depends on the imagination of the composer. Only two questions are allowed, and the answers given at the discretion of the Editor. We regret that he has been disappointed. 

Cissie. - You can not interfere with the remarkable work of guiding the construction of a school-house for use of his parishioners, it is your duty. But parents of the children have the right to choose a school with a private telephone. The mourning for a parent has a duration of one year, but you are free to use it for longer if desired. 

WINNIE THE - You should consult a physician. We can not usurp their place, but we are always willing to give sensible advice on health issues and hygiene. 

POLLY and OTHERS .-- The actions of a classical figure, contained in the authority are: height, 5 feet 4 inches, bust 32 inches waist 24 inches, 9 inches below the arm to the waist, with long arms and neck. The proportions of a big woman or girl would be more majestic height, 5 feet 5 or 6 inch bust, 36 cm, waist 26 ½ inches, hips 35 inches thick part of arm, wrist, 11 ½ inches 6 ½ inches. Hands and feet should not be too small. "Polly" will see that no action is taken by the judges of the true beauty and waist lines 15 or 16 inches. They are simply deformities. 

Buddie .-- The book was published anonymously. 

Gloucester .-- CB Easter fell on March 25, 1546, 1641, 1736, 1886, and fall the next time in 1943. Tram, used as a prefix to train and road, is the last syllable of the name of its inventor, Mr. Benjamin Outram, who in 1800 made improvements in the system of railways for common roads, then in use in North England. The first iron tramroad Wandsworth Croydon was completed July 24, 1801. Mr. Outram was the father of India held general, Sir James Outram. 

WILD HYACINTH .-- We know of nothing, except to benefit their health in general. The intense sweating is obviously an effort of nature. Do you take a hot bath every morning, and as the exercise of the possible? There is no doubt that his book has received. 

RHP - I do not think people are cold and haughty at all nice, or they could be happy or make others happy. The Christian ideal is neither cold nor pride, but sympathy and love. Beware of long lines at the end of his words in writing. Best tie as Dutch farmers in the tail of his cows. They are writing ugly and useless appendages. 

Nannie B. and touched, we have our best thanks for his letters. 

ISIS. - We are grateful for the account of his visit to the Temple, and we regret that we can not make use of it. You will acquire more easily in writing by constant practice. 

GERTRUDE .-- We believe that the first year we have to take what is offered to you in the way of salary. 

A field officer's daughter. - We have reviewed the two poems, and feel they have some promise of something better, but both are guilty of the construction and rhyme.
