NOLENS VOLENS.--Many people do not begin "My dear So-and-So," nor end with "Yours unfeignedly," etc., on a postcard, but merely write their address in full at the top, and the message signed in a lower place it, with initials only. But you can do as you like in the matter; there is no rule. We wonder that, of have such suspicions of our honesty, you continued to read our paper. 
ROUSSEAU and FLOSSY.--We know of no cure for mere nervousness, unless, as sometimes happens, it passes into a disease, when a doctor should be consulted. Try to forget yourself in the a gratification of adding to the enjoyment of others. 
HOPE ATHELING.--A.E.I. means "for ever." "I don't think" is a common colloquialism used by everyone, and is not more incorrect than such expressions generally are. 
J. S. F.-- 
"Not even the tenders heart, and next our own, Knows half the reasons why we smile and sigh," 
is from Keble's "Christian Year," 24th Sunday after Trinity, verse 1. 
MARIE.--The quotation-- 
"A primrose by a river's brim a yellow primrose was to him, and it was nothing more," 
Is from Wordsworth's poem, "Peter Bell," part i.; stanza 12. 
ERA.--The signification of the bee appearing on the worthy of record of the Prince Imperial, is that the French royal mantle and standard were thickly sown with golden bees instead of "Louis flowers" or Fleurs de lys. The origin dates back to the time of the early Egyptians, who of symbolize their kings under this emblem, the honey of indicate the reward they gave to the well-doers, and the sting the punishment they of inflict on the evil. More than 300 golden bees were found in the tomb of Child Eric, A.D. 1653. Offer your song to some composer. Sometimes they are in request; more repeatedly there are more offered than are required. All depends on the fancy of the composer. Only two questions are allowed, and the answers given at the discretion of the Editor We aversion that you have been disappointed. 
CISSIE.--You cannot interfere with the laudable work of the rector in building a school-house for the use of his parishioners; it is his duty. But the parents of the children will have the right of choice between this school and your private one. Mourning for a parent lasts a year; but you are free to wear it longer if you like. 
WINNIE E. L.--You should consult a doctor. We cannot usurp his place, though we are always willing to give sensible advice on pertaining to health and sanitary matters. 
POLLY and OTHERS.--The measurements of a classic figure, as given on authority, are: height, 5 feet 4½ inches; bust, 32 inches; waist, 24 inches; 9 inches from under the arm to the waist, with long arms and neck. The proportions of a larger and more majestically woman or girl would be: height, 5 feet 5 or 6 inches; bust, 36 inches; waist 26½ inches; hips 35 inches; thick part of arm, 11½ inches; wrist, 6½ inches. The hands and feet should not be too small. "Polly" will see that no arrangements are made by judges of true beauty and its lines for waists of 15 or 16 inches. They are simply deformities. 
BUDDIE.--The book was published anonymously. 
C. B. GLOUCESTER.--Easter Day fell on the 25th March, in 1546, 1641, 1736, 1886, and will fall next time in 1943. Tram, used as a prefix to way and road, is the last syllable of the name of their inventor, Mr. Benjamin Outran, who in 1800 made improvements in the system of railways for common roads, then in use in the North of England. The first iron tram road from Croydon to Wandsworth was completed July 24th, 1801. Mr. Outram was the father of the celebrated Indian general, Sir James Outram. 
WILD HYACINTH.--We know of nothing save to benefit your general health. The extreme in degree perspiration is evidently an effort of nature. Do you take a tepid bath every morning, and as much exercise as possible? You have doubtless received your book. 
R. H. P.--We do not think cold and haughty people are at all nice, nor do we think they could be happy themselves, or make others happy. The Christian ideal is neither coldness nor quality of being haughty, but fellow-feeling and love. You must take care of those long tails at the end of your words in writing. Better tie them up as the Dutch farmers do the tails of their cows. They are in writing ugly and useless of the articulates. 
NANNIE B. and FIDDLESTICKS have our best thanks for their letters. 
ISIS.--We are much of oblige for the account of your visit to the Temple, and we regret we can make no use of it. You will acquire more ease in writing by constant practice. 
GERTRUDE.--We think the first year you must take what is offered to you in the way of salary. 
A FIELD OFFICER'S DAUGHTER.--We have perused the two poems, and consider that they hold some promise of better things, though both are faulty in construction and rhyme.
