A city wall follows the outline of the hill, from which the towers of the cathedral and palace, with other cupolas and red-brick campanili, spring, and cypresses and olive-gardens downhill stretch clear. There is a single facade or portico Palladian Renaissance to prevent the unity of effect. Above all, distance, Amiata Mountain rises imperceptibly merging into the sky and simple.

The three most striking objects of interest in maintaining the character and individuality Siena's medieval town from which it was recorded. They are the public palace, cathedral, and the house of S. Catherine. Civilian life, the arts, and religious tendencies of Italy during the medieval supremacy of ideas, are strongly set before us here. High above any other building in the city soars towards brick tower of Palazzo Pubblico, home of the republic, both, civilian life within the state. It guards of a Gothic building in which abnormal old government of Siena used to collect, but which has now long been converted into prisons, courts, and shops. Let's enter a room Palazzo - Sala della Pace, where Ambrogio Lorenzetti, greater, perhaps, of painters Siena, represented the evils of lawlessness and tyranny, and the benefits of peace and justice in three noble allegories. They were executed in the early fourteenth century, at the age of allegories and symbolism, when poets and painters attempted to incarnate in human form all thoughts and feelings. Mural represents the first major peace - peace of the Republic of Siena. Ambrogio has painted the 24 members who formed the government, standing under the throne of Concord, Justice, and Wisdom. By controlling these powers they stretch in a long line for a double seated figure, gigantic in size, and robed with the ensigns of sovereignty baronial. This figure is the state and the Majesty of Siena. [1] around it sit Peace, courage, and prudence, restraint, magnanimity, and Justice, an inalienable assessors neat and fairly powerful. Faith, Hope, and Charity, Christian virtues, like angels floating in the air above. Knight armed guard his throne, and the slaves to show that he has turned his enemy under his feet. Thus the medieval artist expressed, by painting, his theory of government. State leaders are depending on the state itself, they stand between the state and the principles animating the great wisdom, justice, and conformity, incarnating one, and take inspiration from others. Pagan qualities of prudence, magnanimity, courage and greatness provide stability and good governance, and the Christian spirit to harmonize and rule all. Weapons also are required to maintain by force what's right and demand the law, as well as victory in a row just posted the strength and health of the Commonwealth. On another wall Ambrogio described prosperous town of Siena, girt with battlements and moat, with a tower and barbican and drawbridge, to ensure its peace. Stream through the gates the people-place, bringing their farm produce to town. The streets are filled with men and women intent on business or pleasure; craftsmen in their trades, traders with mules loaded, one party sells, hunters simple cleaning, dancing girls, and children playing in the open square. A grade-school watching his master, along with sculptured figures of Geometry, Astronomy, and Philosophy, reminding us that education and science thrive under the rule of law and balanced. Exhibits mural opposite the third picture of this fair. This tyranny presidency a scene of anarchy and wrong. It is a hideous monster, compounded by all the attributes that show brutish strength, treason, depravity, and fear. And fraud and rapacity and cruelty of war and the Fury sit around it. At his feet lies justice, and above are effigies of Nero, Caracalla, monsters and bad government-regulated. Not far from the castle of the tyranny of seeing the same city, as in other mural, but its streets are filled with scenes of strife, theft, and bloodshed. Nor are these simply fantastic allegories.
