A city wall follows the contours of the hill, which towers of the cathedral and castle, with other domes and bell towers of red brick, spring, cypress and olive trees down while stretching plains. No single Palladian facade or portico Renaissance interrupt tenacity. Above all, in the distant Mount Amiata rises merge imperceptibly into the sky and plain.

The three most striking objects of interest in medieval Siena to maintain the individuality, which is dominated by the city. They are the government palace, the cathedral and Santa Catalina. Civilian life, art and religious trends in Italy in the acquiring of medieval ideas, are far ahead here. High above all other buildings in town are brick tower of the Palazzo Pubblico straight house republic in the heart of civilian life in the state. The building is Gothic erratic guards, where the former government of Siena to be assembled, but for a long time now have been prisons, courts and showrooms. Let us go into a room at the palace - Sala della Pace, by Ambrogio Lorenzetti, the largest, perhaps the Sienese painters, represented the evil anarchy and tyranny, and the benefits of peace and justice in three allegories precious. They were executed in the early fourteenth century, an era of allegory and symbolism, when poets and painters strove to incarnate in human form all thoughts and feelings. The fresco representing the first major peace - peace in the Republic of Siena. Ambrogio has painted the twenty councilors forming government which was under the thrones in Concord, Justice and Wisdom. From these monitoring powers extend into a long double row of a seated figure, huge, and wearing the insignia of sovereignty Barons. This figure is the law and the majesty of Siena. [1] All around feel peace, strength and prudence, moderation, generosity, and justice advisers inalienable right and a powerful lord. Faith, Hope and Love, the Christian virtues, like angels floating in the air above. Armed horsemen guard his throne, and prisoners intend to demonstrate his enemy beneath his feet. Thus, the artist expressed medieval painting, his theory of government. Rulers in the state is subordinate to the state itself, but to stand between the state and the great principles of animation of wisdom, justice and harmony, to incarnate the one and the inspiration for others. The pagan qualities of prudence, generosity, and courage and greatness bring stability to good governance, while the spirit of Christianity and the State must harmonize all. Weapons are also required to maintain by force what it right and demand of the law, and victory in a fair fight proclaim the power and force of the republic. On another wall Ambrogio has represented wealthy city of Siena, surrounded by a wall and moat, with towers and Barbican and drawbridge, to ensure peace. Through the gate current land between people and thus a product of their farms to the city. The streets are filled with men and women bent on business or pleasure, craftsmen in their trade, traders laden mules, Hawking, hunters scouring the plain, dancers and children playing in the square. A school teacher to see his class, along with the sculptural shapes in geometry, astronomy and philosophy, reminding us that education and science flourish under the rule of law balanced. The third fresco shows the back of this show right. Here tyranny presides over a scene of anarchy and evil. He is a terrible monster, consisting of all attributes that indicate the strength bestial, betrayal, desire and fear. Greed and fraud and cruelty and war and anger they feel about him. At his feet is the law and above the effigies of Nero, Caracalla and monsters as the poorly regulated power. Not far from the palace of tyranny, we look the same town in the cool of others, but its streets are full of battle scenes, robbery and bloodshed. It is also not limited to these fantastic allegories.
