THE ROAD OF THE OUTTER WORLD

I have given this title because I find this passage as the person is travelling on the path after death. Where each one of us have to go through. This is where people travel day and night to reach their destination and the journey is long and tiresome for some, but for some it is very comfortable because of their deeds they did during their life. The way they treated other and the good and the bad things they do. The people who did all kind of good things are comfortable, happy and enjoying but the people who have not helped anyone, cared for anyone, selfish and self centered who where after earthy pleasure, killing other people feeling and killing others are lonely and are suffering in their journey some are hungry some are regreating and some are sorry for their deeds and are repending. Some with very bad deeds like criminals are such a soul that they do not reach the first destination also, they suffer and die on the path, to them rebirth is also not given. This journey never comes to an end for some but for some this journey ends until all are gather on one platform where their fate is decided and then they continue their journey to the next destination. Some are judge soon and they know where to go and what to do but for others it is not that simple so to guide them god send his messenger in some or the other form and it lead to their destination. It take them to their next destination where the soul get into the next birth, where everyone is eagerly waiting to welcome it. It depends on your deeds where you get the second chance to prove yourself again and to change your fate again by your good deeds and so this cycle goes on unless you are worth for almighty blessing. 

When you are pure and light as feather and not loaded with your sin there is another road which get open for the soul and that is the road to the heaven where people have all kind of riches and they are also not fond of them, because they have found that riches which cannot be destroyed and can't be stolen i.e. the blessing of almighty and this is the final destination of the soul where he have to reach no matter how long it takes. The divine peace and rest place for all the soul.
