My scalp bristled;" and you,
if you are like me, hide a yawn and say, "No, really?" There is a breezy carelessness, too,
about his methods which kills a story. He distinctly states, for instance, that the story of
the "Headless Cat of No. ----, Lower Seedley Street, Manchester," was told to him by a Mr.
ROBERT DANE. In the first half of the narrative this gentleman's brother-in-law addresses him
as Jack, and later on his wife says to him, "Oh, Edward." What a man whose own Christian name
is so much a matter of opinion has to say about seeing headless cats does not seem to me to
be evidence.

       *       *       *       *       *

There seems to be an increasing public for the volume of reflections. At all events Mr. REGINALD
LUCAS, who has already two or three successes in this kind to his credit, has been encouraged
to produce another, to which he has given the pleasant title of The Measure of our Thoughts
(HUMPHREYS). It is, of course, difficult to be critical with a book like this; either it pleases
the reader or it doesn't, and that is about all that can be said. One reason for my belief
that Mr. LUCAS's Thoughts will please is that he has put them into the brain of a definitely
conceived and very well drawn character. They are told in the form of letters by this character
to his old tutor. The writer is supposed to be the rather unattractive and self-conscious eldest
son of a noble house, who suffers from the presence of a father and sister who think him a
fool, and a brother whose charm is a continual and painful contrast to his own lack of it.
The special skill of the letters is their self-revelation, which brings out the pathos of the
writer's position, while at the same time showing quite clearly the defects that explained
it. Mr. LUCAS, in short, does not commit the error of making his hero merely a mute, misunderstood
paragon, whom anyone with common penetration must have recognised as such. On the contrary,
we sympathise with him, especially in the big tragedy of his life, while quite admitting that
to any casual acquaintance he must have appeared only a dull and uninteresting egoist. This
I call clever, because it shows that Mr. LUCAS has created a real thinker, rather than striven
to give him any unusual profundity of thought. An agreeable book.

       *       *       *       *       *

In the sixteenth chapter of the First Part of The Rocks of Valpré (FISHER UNWIN) Trevor Mordaunt
married Christine Wyndham, and on the last page (which is the 511th) of the book, "she opened
to him the doors of her soul, and drew him within...." Granted that Mordaunt, with the eyes
of steel, was not exactly an oncoming man and that when he married Christine he received, as
wedding presents, two or three brothers-in-law who sponged hopelessly upon him, I still think
that Miss ETHEL DELL has given us too detailed an account of the domestic differences between
Mordaunt and his wife. For my own part I became frankly tired of the pecuniary crises of the
Wyndhams and of their incurable inability to tell the truth. Had Mordaunt got up and given
these feckless brethren a sound hiding I should have been relieved, but he preferred to make
them squirm by using his steely eyes. In the future I suggest to Miss DELL that she should
leave these strong silent men alone. They have had their day and gone out of vogue. The best
part of this book, and indeed the best work Miss DELL has yet done, is her treatment of the
romantic friendship between Christine and Bertrand de Montville. It is handled so touchingly
and so surely that I resent with all the more peevishness the banality of the steel-eyed one.

       *       *       *       *       *

       *       *       *       *       *

    "His lordship dismissed the application, with costs, and the
    jury found in his favour, assessing the damages at £1,000."

We should like to be a Judge. It seems to be easy and well-paid work.

       *       *       *       *       *

From the synopsis of a Singapore play--just the last scene or two:--

    "Samion, after going through Nyai Dasima's fortune,
    maltreated her, and told her to leave his protection. He also
    commissioned a wicked man called Puasa to murder Nyai Dasima.
