The reason why the behavior that I'm lost, oh, Mr. Cross, "which tay'nt, but I think.

I thought you were really had'st genteeler much polite-or was the grandfather of your record you going to be a market size and a thief at school in younger days, in the December cold, then your fingers as a shiv'ring Russ, Become a feeling - not being could'st for us.

Charing Cross, Cross of Gold is your no longer there, why, then brought us so close to her, do not eat the little touch to the room where scoundrels Greenwich and beer Järvi Walworth, this Mews is cold glow of the stock market, Belle Cross Sauvage, Sauvage groom are, I think.

My use is the best, do not deny Thou'st fee'd keeper, and likes to give us food, but then denounce the situation, but it's no cry - devils that we remember? Then, the reader hears my cry: Come, let me see, "I will deploy my tail."

p.t

* * *

CALCULATION OF CHILD.

(Translated from the latest issue of the Revue encyclopédique. To a correspondent.)

(The Mirror).

A seven year old boy, whose name is Vincent Zuccari, has attracted public attention in Palermo for some time. This child, born of poor parents, uneducated, has a special talent for the calculation, your mind takes over, so to speak, by instinct, all the various combinations of numbers that shows with the same ease. In the various reports that had been scattered throughout the city, respecting his talent seemed so incredible that a public meeting of men of letters was convened expressly to consider his claims. The meeting was held on 30 January, the academy Buon Gusto, and consisted of over four hundred people, among whom were seen some of the most distinguished scholars and influential people of the city. Teachers of Mathematics is parked near the child, to avoid collusion or fraud, and close record of the proposed topics, with responses returned. A number of questions were proposed, which Vincent answered with an ease that Zuccari excited general admiration. Only two will extract the most simple, as some of the questions would be barely intelligible to the general public:

Question 1 .-- A ship set sail at noon from Naples to Palermo (the distance between the two cities was 180 miles), and sailed at a speed of ten miles per hour, another ship was from the same time, navigate Naples to Palermo, at the rate of seven miles per hour: at what time the boats are, and what is the distance navegada for each? Vincent responded immediately Zuccari - The first ship sailed 105 miles and the second 15/17, 74 17.2 miles. It was then observed to him that he had answered only a part of the question, and when the meeting had been omitted. He then said that this would be October 10 to 17 hours after the time of departure. The boy had noticed that this part of the answer was contained implicitly in the former, who also imagined that the examiners perceived, as well as himself, and therefore was omitted.

Question 2 .-- In three successive attacks on a city, a quarter of the attackers died in the first attack, the second fifth and sixth in the past, when their number was reduced to 138 men. Required the original number? Answer, 360.

P. - How did you find this number?

A. - If the number was 60, eventually would have been 23, now has 23 years being the sixth of 138, six attackers were 60 or 360 times at first.

P. - Why do you think the number 60 instead of 50 or 70?

R. - Because neither 50 nor 70 are divisible by 4 or 6.

From these questions and answers will be easily understandable that the child can not avail themselves of the common mathematical artifices. Write on Marquis, who was the first person to discover this singular talent, is ready with several other persons of distinction in town, ask for help from the state in the education of children, each is fully aware of the inconvenience of submitting to him as regular education.

* * *

"SEASON", or Beau's Lament.
