The reason for which conduct I'm at loss,
  O, Mr. Cross, 'tay'nt you, but I am cross.

  I really thought thou had'st been much genteeler,
    Polite-o was thy grandfather, remember
  Thou wert a Merchant Tailor, and a stealer
    To school in younger days, in cold December,
  Then did thy fingers, shiv'ring like a Russ,
  Make thee to feel--thou could'st not feel for us.

  At Charing Cross, the Golden Cross is thine
    No longer; why, then hurry us so near it,
  We do not in the little tap-room dine,
    Where Greenwich cads and Walworth jarvies beer it,
  This Mews is cold to the Exchange's glow,
  Belle Sauvage Cross, thou'rt beau sauvage, I trow.

  My usage is the best, I don't deny,
    Thou'st fee'd the keeper, and he likes to feed us,
  But, then the situation I decry,
    But crying's useless--who the deuce will heed us?
  Then, reader would you listen to my wail,
  Come, and but see me, "I'll unfold my tail."

P.T.

       *       *       *       *       *

CALCULATING CHILD.

(Translated from the last number of the Revue Encyclopedique. By a Correspondent.)

(For the Mirror.)

A boy, seven years of age, whose name is Vincent Zuccaro, has excited the public attention
at Palermo for some time past. This child, born of poor and uneducated parents, possesses an
extraordinary talent for calculation; his mind seizes, as it were, by instinct, all the varied
combinations of numbers, which he unravels with equal facility. The various reports which had
been spread throughout the city, respecting his talents, appeared so incredible, that a public
meeting of literary men was expressly convened, for the purpose of examining his pretensions.
The meeting was held on the 30th of January last, at the Academy Del Buon Gusto, and consisted
of upwards of four hundred persons, among whom were observed some of the most distinguished
literati and influential persons of the city. Two Professors of Mathematics were stationed
near the child, to prevent collusion or fraud, and to take minutes of the questions proposed,
with the answers returned. A great number of questions were proposed, which Vincent Zuccaro
answered with a facility that excited general admiration. We shall only extract two of the
most simple, as some of the questions would be hardly intelligible to general readers:

Question 1.--A ship set sail at noon from Naples to Palermo (the distance between the two cities
being 180 miles), and sailed at the rate of ten miles an hour; another ship set off at the
same time, to sail from Palermo to Naples, at the rate of seven miles per hour: at what time
did the ships meet each other, and what was the distance sailed by each? Vincent Zuccaro immediately
replied--The first ship sailed 105 15/17 miles; the second, 74 2/17 miles. It was then observed
to him, that he had only answered part of the question, and that the hour of meeting had been
omitted. He then said this would be 10 10-17 hours after the time of the departure. The child
had perceived that this part of the answer was implicitly contained in the former; which he
also imagined the examiners perceived as well as himself, and therefore he omitted it.

Question 2.--In three successive attacks upon a town, a quarter of the assailants perished
in the first attack, a fifth in the second, and a sixth in the last, when their number was
reduced to 138 men. Required the original number? Answer, 360.

Q.--How did you find that number?

A.--If the number had been 60, there would eventually have remained 23; now 23 being the sixth
of 138, the assailants were 6 times 60 or 360 at first.

Q.--Why did you suppose the number 60, rather than 50 or 70?

A.--Because neither 50 nor 70 are divisible by 4 or 6.

From these questions and replies, it will be readily understood that the child does not employ
the ordinary artifices of mathematicians. Marquess Scriso, who was the first person to discover
this singular talent, is about, with several other persons of distinction in the city, to solicit
the aid of Government in the education of the child, every one being fully aware of the impropriety
of subjecting him to the ordinary mode of education.

       *       *       *       *       *

"OUT OF SEASON," OR THE BEAU'S LAMENT.
