Odillon Barrot
was the hero of the moment--literally of the moment. In forty-eight hours from that time his
name had faded from the page of history. In the Place de la Concorde there was more excitement,
for threats were being made to cross the bridge and to insult the Chambers. The Pont de l'Institut,
notwithstanding the efforts of the garde municipale or mounted police, was greatly crowded.
A party of dragoons, on sorrel ponies barely fourteen hands high, rode up and began to clear
the bridge, but gently and gradually. The crowd was retiring as fast as its numbers would permit,
when some of the municipal guard rode through the ranks of the dragoons and set themselves,
with ill-judged roughness, to accelerate the operation. The crowd grew angry, and stones began
to be thrown at the guard and soldiers.

Growing anxious for the women I had left in the Rue Neuve de Berri, I returned home by side-streets.
A crowd had collected on the Champs Élysées about thirty yards from the corner of our street,
and was forming a barricade. All were shouting, all gesticulating. Citadines at full speed
were driving out of reach of requisition; horses were going off disencumbered of their vehicles;
the driver of a remise was seated astride his animal, the long flaps of his driving-coat covering
it from neck to tail; a noble elm was being hewn down by hatchets and even common knives. An
omnibus, the remise, a few barrels and dining-tables, a dozen yards of pave torn up by eager
hands, a sentry-box, some benches and the tree, formed the barricade. Gamins and blouses worked
at it. The respectables looked on and did not trouble the workers. Suddenly there was a general
stampede among them. A squadron of about fifty dragoons charged up the Champs Élysées. One
old peasant-woman in a scanty yellow-and-black skirt, which she twitched above her knees, led
the retreat. But soon they stopped and turned again, while the dragoons rode slowly back, breathing
their horses. Nobody was angry, for nobody had been hurt, but they were frightened enough.

At this moment, stealing from a porte-cochère where she had taken refuge during the fright
and sauve gui peut, came a figure wrapped in dark drapery. Could it be possible? Hermione Leare!
In a moment I was at her side. She was very pale and breathless, and she was glad to take my
arm. "What brings you here?" I whispered.

"Our servants have all run away: they think mamma is compromised. Victor, our chasseur, broke
open mamma's secretary and took his wages. She is almost beside herself. She wanted to send
a letter to the post, and as it is steamer-day I thought papa had better know that thus far
nothing has happened to us. There was nobody to take the letter: I said I would put it in the
box in the Rue Ponthieu."

"And did you post it?"

"No: I could not get to the Rue Ponthieu. They were firing down the street, and now I dare not."

"Trust it to me, Miss Leare, and promise me to send for me if you have any more such errands.
You must never run such risks again."

"I have to be the man of the family," she answered, almost with an apologetic air.

"Do not say that again. I shall come over three times a day while this thing lasts to see if
you have any commissions."

She smiled and pressed my hand as she turned into her own porte-cochère. Frightened servants
and their friends were in the porter's lodge, who gazed after her with exclamations as she
went up the common stair.

The remainder of that day passed with very little fighting. Up to that time it had been a riot
apropos of a change of ministry, but in the night the secret societies met and flung aside
the previous question.

When we awoke on Wednesday morning, February 23d, we were struck by the strange quiet of the
streets. No provisions entered Paris through the barrier, no vehicles nor venders of small
wares. The absolute silence, save when "Mourir pour la Patrie" sounded hoarsely in the distance,
was as strange as it was unexpected. I had always connected an insurrection with noise. It
was rumored that Guizot the Unpopular had been dismissed, and that Count Mole, a man of half
measures, had been called to the king's councils. The affair looked to me as if it were going
to die out for want of fuel.
