Odillon Barrot was the hero of the moment - literally from the moment. In the 48 hours from the time that his name had faded on the page of history. In the Place de la Concorde was more excitement, for the threats are made to cross the bridge and an insult to the Chambers. Pont de l'Institut, despite the efforts of the garden or putting police municipale, greatly overcrowded. A party of Dragoons, on rare ponies sorrel fourteen hands high, and started riding clear of the bridge, but slowly and gradually. The crowd was retiring as quickly as his numbers would permit, when some of the protected urban riding through the ranks of the Dragoons and set themselves, with roughness ill-judged, to speed the operation. The crowd grew angry, and stones started being thrown at the troops and protect.

Growing anxious for the girls that I have left in the Rue Neuve de Berri, I returned home side-streets. A crowd had gathered at the Élysées Champs about thirty yards from our street corner, which was formed barricade. All were shouting, gesticulating all. Citadines quickly driven out of the reach of the full application; disencumbered horses go off their vehicles; the driver sits remise astride his beast, the flaps its long-driven coat is covered neck to tail, and was being noble elm his chip down by hatchets and even ordinary knives. The omnibus, the remise, a few barrels and eat-boards, a dozen yards preparation destroyed by eager hands, a Sentry-box, some benches and trees, formed the barricade. working Gamins and blouses on. The respectables look at and did not trouble the workers. Suddenly there was a general stampede among them. A squadron for fifty Dragoons charged up the Champs Élysées. One old peasant-woman in short skirt yellow-and-black, it twitched above his knees, leading the retreat. But soon they stopped and turned again, while the Dragoons ride slowly back, breathe their horses. Nobody is angry, because no one has been injured, but they were afraid enough.

At the moment, stolen from Forte-cochère where she had taken refuge during the trial and Deuteronomy sauve gui, became a figure wrapped in dark clothing. It could be possible? Hermione Meare! In a moment he was on his side. She was very pale and breathless, and she was glad to take my arm. "What brings you here?" I whispered.

"Our workers have all run away: they think Mamma is at stake. Victor, our chasseur, Mamma secretary broke open and took his wages. She almost beside himself. She wanted to send a letter to the job, and as a steam-day I thought Papa better know that until now has not happen to us. There was nobody to take the letter: I said I would put it in the box in the Rue Ponthieu. "

"Did you post it?"

"No: I could not get to the Rue Ponthieu. They shot down the street, and now I am not sure."

"Trust me, Miss Meare, and promised me to send me if you have any more such messages. Never have to run such risks again."

"I must be the family man," she answered, almost defensive air.

"Do not say that again. I will come over three times a day while it lasts and see if you have any commissions."

She smiled and squeezed my hand as she turned her own Forte-cochère. servants and friends were afraid of the porter in the cabin, and gazed after her with exclamations as she went up the stairs common.

The rest of that day passed with little fighting. Until then, have been apropos riot of change in the ministry, but at night the secret societies met and in the wilds of the world, aside from the previous question.

When we awoke the morning of Wednesday, February 23D, we were struck by the strangely quiet streets. No provisions Paris went through the barrier, no venders of goods vehicles or small. The absolute silence, except when "Mourir pour la Patrie" sounds hoarsely in the distance was strange because it unexpectedly. I have always connected with rebellion noise. It was rumored that the Guizot Unpopular been dismissed, and Count Mole, a man of half measures, has been calling for councils to the king. The relationship looks to me as if he were going to die out for want of fuel.
