Captain Dunbar, in a letter to the trustees declaring their extremely quick and prosperous passage across the Atlantic, writes thus: "We arrived here all happy and healthy. The Indians behaved with their accustomed modesty, as it is also a Saltzburgers , who are sober and pious people, and give much less problems than I expected, nor do I think some of them were dissatisfied, while on board. "Finally he added that" Tomo Chichi, Toonahowi, Hillispilli and Umpichi were so good to board the morning of our departure, intended to see me. They are very grateful remembrance of the many civilities they had received in England, and my desire to be informed that their prize had gone Santechi upper and middle streams that are currently very well disposed to British interests, and their alternates are expected within two months. "[1]

[Footnote 1: London Magazine for March, 1735, p. 162.

Oglethorpe remained in England to attend to his duties as a member of parliament, and to propose measures to assist the board resolution of Georgia.

As a result of information he can give of his personal observations and what is received from others, respecting the state of the colony, and what would be useful to progress in good health and prosperity of Trustees drawn Regulation which was adopted by the Government in the law "to maintain peace with the Indians." This includes provisions and immunities of the act of the General Assembly of South Carolina in 1731, and, of course, is consistent with the relations and mutual interests of both provinces. There were also passed a law similar useful purpose to prevent problems with the Indians and the preservation of health or morals of the people already settled or which may be settled in his new colony of the harmful effects of alcohol on fluid " act to prevent the importation and use of rum and brandy in the province of Georgia, or any ardent spirits or strong waters whatsoever. " Lond. 1741, page 16, in the year 1734.]

An unchecked indulgence in ardent spirits was never followed by a plaintive effect. It demoralizes behavior destroys health precludes usefulness and reputation ruins. He breaks the inner peace, waste property, leads to poor conditions and leads to the wretchedness of the family members who head the victim. The ban, therefore, if it led to the obsolescence of hazardous drinking would be particularly removal, and prevent their subsequent implementation, one of the greatest evil that has corrupted the social situation.

They carefully follow the rules and useful legal status "act to provide province of Georgia-defencible, by banning the importation of black slaves or Negroes in the same." For this law, unless stated in the account title, the following reasons are assigned: 1. The attention of the costs of purchase, which settlers themselves are too poor to assume must be met by the trustees, to whom will be greater than the levy funds to pay or think they might get. 2. Because of its additional costs after maintenance to be provided in addition to those already made to help those from which they must be employed. And 3. because trustees have their wish that the settlers must habits of labor and industry, economy and thrift, by personal application [1].

[Footnote 1: See reasons for the highest in the publication entitled impartial investigation of the state and the benefit of the Province of Georgia, Lond. 1741, or in collections of the Georgia Historical Society, Vol. I. pages 166-173 and history McCall'S, Vol. I. p. 25 & C.]

It is noted by Mr. Burke, that "These provisions, though intended, but actually intended to lead to many excellent purposes, but may in the beginning, as it did then, it seems that they are made without sufficient consultation with nature of the party or available to people who they believe. "[1]

[Footnote 1: European Settlements in America, Vol.
