Captain Dunbar, in a letter to the trustees by announcing its remarkably rapid and successful passage across the Atlantic, he wrote: "We came here all happy and healthy. The Indians behaved with his usual modesty, as did the Saltzburgers, which are a sober and pious people, and gave him problems, much less than I expected, and I do not think any of them were dissatisfied, while on board. " In conclusion, he added, "Tomo Chichi, Toonahowi, Umpichi Hillispilli and were kind enough to come on board on the morning of our departure for to see me. They have a memory very grateful for the many kindnesses he received in England, and desire me tell your honor that has been Santechi the High and Middle creeks, which are now well disposed to British interests, and their alternates are expected in two months. "[1] 

[Note 1: London Magazine in March 1735, p. 162. 

Oglethorpe was in England to attend to his duties as a member of Parliament, and to suggest measures for the achievement of Trustees of the Georgia settlement. 

As a result of information he could give of his personal observation, and what he had received from others and respecting the rule of the colony, and it would be helpful to their advancement in good order and prosperity, the Trustees made a regulation which was enacted by the government in a law, "to maintain peace with the Indians." This included the provisions and immunities of the law of the General Assembly of South Carolina in 1731, and, of course, was accordant with the relations and mutual interests of both provinces. There, too, passed a law to an end as healthy for the prevention of problems with the Indians, and to preserve health and morale of the people already settled or which may be settled in their new colony, from the harmful effects spirits, entitled "An act to prevent the importation and use of rum and brandy in the province of Georgia, or any type of brandy or strong waters to be." Lond. 1741, page 16, in 1734.] 

The unchecked indulgence in liquor has never been followed by the unfortunate effects. It demoralizes the conduct, destroys health, prevents the utility, and reputation in ruins. Inner peace is broken, the property waste, leading to conditions of poverty, misery and involves members of the family of which the head was the victim. The ban, therefore, whether it was the lack of use of hazardous potation would have been the removal of cars, and prevented the subsequent expansion of one of the greatest evils that have corrupted the social condition. 

For these wise and healthy regulations followed a statute entitled "An Act for the provision of the Province of Georgia more Defence by prohibiting the importation of black slaves, or black in it." By this law, besides the consideration expressed in the statement, the reasons are assigned: 1. Depending on the costs of purchase, which the settlers were too poor to pay must be met by the trustees, who would be a tax higher than it had funds to pay, or believed they could have had. 2. Because of their additional costs after maintenance, which must be provided in addition to that already incurred by the support of those for whom they were to be employed. And 3. because the Trustees were desirous that the settlers must acquire the habits of labor and industry, economy and savings, personal application. [1] 

[Note 1: See the reasons in general in the publication, impartial investigation of the State and the Utility of the Province of Georgia, Lond. Society, 1741, or in the collections of the Georgia Historical, vol. I. pages 166-173, and History of McCall, vol. I. p. 25, & c.] 

Is highlighted by Mr. Burke, that "These rules, though well intentioned, and indeed the intention of bringing about the very good effects, but at first glance, as it did later, it seems, that were made without sufficient consultation the nature of the country, or the willingness of people thought. " [1] 

[Note 1: European settlements in America, vol.
