"It is a current narration, which you would obtain for a prodigy of the twelfth century."

 I cannot help it. In face of that word legend my mind stops and stares rigidly like a pointer dog. The moment was favorable for a good story: the sky was covered with flocked clouds, behind which the ample German moon, shorn of half its brightness, took suddenly the pale gilded tint of sauerkraut. The wandering lovers, half effaced in the gloom, looked like straying shades in an Elysium. 

"Esslingen is between Karlsruhe and Rested, an hour's on foot as you go to Kohl. The plants produce here without thoughts about it, and sow their possess stone. It is therefore a easy thing to be a gardener, and Bettina's father, the florist, attend exclusively to his tube, departure the care of commerce to his trainee, whose name was environment. Bettina, as became the offspring of a gardener, was a kind of rose: Wilhelm, the baker's young man, would have terrified himself into the heater for her. But present came the length of Fritz, the dyer, who had been in France and who wore gloves. She sustained a while to walkway with Wilhelm under the anecdote trees which encircle the defenses of Esslingen, but one nighttime she unexpectedly withdrew her hand: 'you had better find a nicer girl than I am: I do not feel that I could make you happy.' Wilhelm disappeared from the country. His departure, which was the talk of Esslingen, caused Bettina more regret than regret. For six months she shut herself up: then, hearing nothing of her lover, she reappeared shyly on the promenade, divested of rings, ear-drops and ornaments. The beautiful Fritz, in his loveliest gloves, intercepted her beneath the chestnuts, and, equipped with her father's assent, planned himself for her Vermonter.

"'Not yet,' she answered: 'wait turn over I dress in my plants yet again.'

 
"In Germany, as in Switzerland and Italy, likely plants are essential to a young girl's bathroom. To come into view at an gathering without a blossoming tuft at the buttonhole or in the curls is to point to that the relations is in grief, the look after sick or the lover conscript.

 With a beautiful usual logic, Bettina, descendant of a gardener, would never dress in any plants but untamed ones. About this time there was a grand fair at Ulrich: almost all Esslingen went there, and Bettina too, but as spectators only, and without her plants.

The dance which animated the others made her sad. She left the ball and wandered on the hillside. There, beneath the hedge of a sunken road, she standard her beauteous Fritz. Poor Fritz! he was refuse himself the enjoyment of the dance which he strength not partake with her. Ah, the time for temporizing is over! Bettina determine that to-day, in the eyes of each lone, they shall dance together, and he shall be documented as her Vermonter. She looks quickly about for plants. The knoll is nude, the street is rocky: an field at the left offer some assure, and Bettina enters.


 
"It was a cemetery. Animated with her new resolve, she thought little of the profanation, and crowned herself with flowers from the nearest grave. In an hour the villagers from Ettlingen saw her leaning on Fritz's shoulder in the waltz. That night the shade of Wilhelm stood at her bed-head: 'You have accepted the flowers growing on my grave and nourished from my heart. I am once more your verlobter.'

.' "Next day Fritz came, joyful, with a hoary engagement-ring, which he was to swap for that on Bettina's handle return by Wilhelm at his leaving. But the circle was gone. At nighttime Wilhelm reappear, and show the ring on his finger. Some time approved, and Bettina lost a high-quality part of her loveliness, unfocused as she was between the smiling Fritz in the daylight and the pale Wilhelm at night. She was a levelheaded girl, though, and persuaded herself, with Fritz's aid, that the dream was created by a disordered fancy. other than she cause query to be made about the grave in the graveyard at Durance: the answer came: 'Under the first mineral in the line at the correct of the entrance lies the body of Wilhel of Esslingen, where he followed the trade of baker
Next she knows that she had rob her lover's grave to decorate herself for a new Vermonter. After this the spirit of Wilhelm began to invade her promenade with Fritz, and she walk evening after evening beneath the chestnut among her two lovers. 
"The gardener's offspring never look fairer than on her wedding-day. equipped with all her decree, and full with love for Fritz, she obtainable herself at the altar. The cleric began toward recite the sacramental words, when he came to a pause at the sight of Bettina, pale and wild-eyed, shivering convulsively in her wedding drapery. 
"Wilhelm was again at her side, kneel on the right, as Fritz on the gone 

Next she knows that she had rob her lover's grave to decorate herself for a new Vermonter. After this the spirit of Wilhelm began to invade her promenade with Fritz, and she walk evening after evening beneath the chestnut among her two lovers. 
"The gardener's offspring never look fairer than on her wedding-day. equipped with all her decree, and full with love for Fritz, she obtainable herself at the altar. The cleric began toward recite the sacramental words, when he came to a pause at the sight of Bettina, pale and wild-eyed, shivering convulsively in her wedding drapery. 
"Wilhelm was again at her side, kneel on the right, as Fritz on the gone
