"It is a recent history, which you would take for a legend of the twelfth century." 
I cannot help it. In face of that word fable my mind stops and stares strictly like a pointer dog. The moment was favorable for a good story: the sky was covered with flocked clouds, behind which the ample German moon, shorn of half its brightness, took suddenly the pale gild tint of sauerkraut. The wandering lovers, half effaced in the gloom, looked like straying shades in an Elysium. 
"Esslingen is between Karlsruhe and Restart, an hour's walking as you go to Kohl. The flowers grow there without thinking about it, and sow their own seed. It is therefore a easy thing to be a gardener, and Bettina's father, the florist, attended completely to his pipe, leaving the cares of business to his apprentice, whose name was Nature. Bettina, as became the daughter of a gardener, was a kind of rose: Wilhelm, the baker's young man, would have thrown himself into the furnace for her. But there came along Fritz, the dyer, who had been in France and who wore gloves. She continued a while to promenade with Wilhelm under the chestnut trees which surround the defenses of Esslingen, but one night she suddenly withdrew her hand: 'You had better find a nicer girl than I am: I do not feel that I could make you happy.' Wilhelm disappeared from the country. His departure, which was the talk of Esslingen, caused Bettina more remorse than regret. For six months she shut herself up: then, hearing nothing of her lover, she reappeared shyly on the promenade, divested of rings, ear-drops and ornaments. The beautiful Fritz, in his loveliest gloves, intercepted her beneath the chestnuts, and, armed with her father's consent, proposed himself for her Vermonter. 
"'Not yet,' she answered: 'wait till I wear my flowers again.' 
"In Germany, as in Switzerland and Italy, natural flowers are indispensable to a young girl's toilet. To appear at an assembly without a blooming tuft at the corsage or in the hair is to indicate that the family is in mourning, the mother sick or the lover conscripted. 
"With an exquisite natural sense, Bettina, daughter of a gardener, would never wear any flowers but wild ones. About this time there was a grand fair at Ulrich: almost all Esslingen went there, and Bettina too, but as spectators only, and without her flowers. 
"The dances which animated the others made her sad. She left the ball and wander on the hillside. There, under the hedge of a sunken road, she documented her beauteous Fritz. Poor Fritz! He was refusing himself the pleasure of the dance which he might not partake with her. Ah, the time for temporizing is over! Bettina determine that to-day, in the eyes of every one, they shall dance together, and he shall be recognized as her Vermonter. She looks hastily around for flowers. The hill is bare, the road is stony: an pen at the left offers some promise, and Bettina enters. 
"It was a cemetery. Animated with her new resolve, she thought little of the profanation, and crowned herself with flowers from the adjacent grave. In an hour the villagers from Esslingen saw her leaning on Fritz's shoulder in the waltz. That night the shade of Wilhelm stood at her bed-head: 'You have accepted the flowers growing on my grave and nourish from my heart. I am once more your Vermonter.' 
"Next day Fritz came, happy, with a silver engagement-ring, which he was to exchange for that on Bettina's finger, returned by Wilhelm at his going away. But the ring was gone. At night Wilhelm reappeared, and showed the ring on his finger. Some time passed, and Bettina lost a good part of her beauty, distracted as she was between the smiling Fritz in the daytime and the pale Wilhelm at night. She was a sensible girl, however, and persuaded herself, with Fritz's assistance, that the vision was created by a disordered fancy. But she caused inquiry to be made about the grave in the cemetery at Ulrich: the answer came: 'Under the first stone in the line at the right of the gate lies the body of Wilhelm Haussbach of Esslingen, where he followed the trade of baker.' 
"Then she knew that she had robbed her lover's grave to adorn herself for a new Vermonter. After this the ghost of Wilhelm began to invade her promenades with Fritz, and she walked evening after evening beneath the chestnuts between her two lovers. 
"The gardener's daughter never looked fairer than on her wedding-day. Armed with all her resolution, and filled with love for Fritz, she presented herself at the altar. The priest began to recite the sacramental words, when he came to a pause at the sight of Bettina, pale and wild-eyed, shivering convulsively in her bridal draperies. 
"Wilhelm was again at her side, kneeling on the right, as Fritz on the left.
