1.  Any precise treatise should not be looked upon here by you because it was the result of some lighter studies, done in a short time, so it cannot be expected to be very good, perhaps it would have been better if the author had enough time. 

2.  The truth of each argument should be considered by its necessity, to remember that I promise only likely arguments on this opinion and so you should not think that every consequence will be an undeniable dependence.   I take it for granted that some astronomical appearances are solved.  But I aim to solve them and if it is given the reader will find some ratification in the main thing that has to be proved.

The assertion which I have laid down here has been defended by many ancient philosophers.  Some of us would take efforts for the examination of old opinions, which were neglected by others for a long time wherein you could find many worthwhile truths.
If we think that the best has still prevailed among the ancient variety and search of opinions, it is a false conceit.  Time brings to us only the things which are light but not those heavy things which are immersed underneath.  

On this occasion, I may motivate myself to find other hidden and unknown truths.  Men still plod upon beaten principles and so it need to be done.  One of the errors of learning these times are the unwillingness to take such things for research.   Surely there are many secret truths that are still remaining to be discovered which the ancient people have passed over.

With this if I am able to make any reader to attempt research of this nature I will feel happy and my work will prove successful. 

Goodbye.

 [Adornment] 

The First proposal, by way of Foreword. 
This opinion may be strange but it isn’t sufficient enough to reject it since certainly there were other truths which were formerly considered ridiculous and great irrationalities were lauded by everyone. 

There is by nature earnestness and hungering after novelty, and it is ancient, created in the heart of man, since its depravation in Adam.  Every new thing is caught in the hope that it might find satisfaction among the other creatures.  But our enemy the devil has used it to defeat us and so discovery seems distasteful.  Some make it as a part of their creed and profession the concept of novelty; on the other hand solitary truth will not be entertaining; novelty makes it acceptable and is regarded as the fault of truth and causes that to be rejected.  The way the unbelieving world eyed Columbus when he promised to discern another part of the earth, and he could not easily persuade any of the Christian Princes to accept his opinion or start the discovery.
