1. That thou should not here looked to find any exact, accurate Treatise, since this discourse was but the fruit of some lighter studies, and those too huddled up in a short time, being first thought of and finished in the space of some few weeks, and therefore you cannot in reason expect, that it should be so polished, as perhaps, the subject would require, or the leisure of the Author might have done it. 
2. To remember that I promise only probable arguments for the proofed of this opinion, and therefore you must not looked that every consequence should be of an undeniable dependence, or that the truth of each argument should be measured by its necessity. I grant that some Astronomical appearances may possibly be solved otherwise then here they are. But the thing I aimed at is this, that probably they may so be solved, as I have here set them downer: Which, if it be granted (as I thinker it must) then I doubt not, but the indifferent reader will find some satisfaction in the Maine thing that is to be proved. 
Many ancient Philosophers of the better note, have formerly defended this assertion, which I have here laid downer, and it were to be wished, that some of us would more apply our endeavors unto the examination of these old opinions, which though they have for a long time lien neglected by others, yet in them may you fined many truths well worthy your pains and observation. Ties a false conceit, for us to thinker, that amongst the ancient variety and search of opinions, the best hath still prevailed. Time (satin the learned Ferula) seems to be of the nature of a river or streamer, which carried done to us that which is light or blown up, but since that which is weighty and solid. 
It is my desire that by the occasion of this discourse, I may raise up some more active spirit to a search after other hidden and unknown truths. Since it must needs be a great impediment unto the growth of sciences, for men still so to plod on winning beaten principles, as to be afraid of entertaining any thing that may seemed to contradict them. An unwillingness to take such things into examination is one of those errors of learning in these times observed by the judicious Ferula. Questioners there are many secret truths, which the ancients have passed over, that, are yet left to make some of our age famous for their discovery. 
If by this occasion I may provoke any reader to an attempt of this nature, I shall then thinker my self happy, and this work successful. 
Farewell. 
[Decoration] 
The First Proposition, by way of Preface. 
That the strangeness of this opinion is no sufficient reason why it should be rejected, because other certain truths have been formerly esteemed ridiculous and great absurdities entertained by common consent. 
There is an earnestness and hungering after novelty, which doth still adhere unto all our natures, and it is part of that primitive image, that wide extent and infinite capacity at first created in the heart of man, for this since its depravation in Adam perceiving it self altogether emptied of any good doth now catch after every new thing, conceiving that possibly it may fined satisfaction among some of its fellow creatures. But our enemy the drivel (who strives still to pervert our gifts, and beaten us with our owned weapons) hath so contrived it, that any truth doth now seemed distasteful for that very reason, for which err our is entertain--Novelty, for let but some upstart heresies be set broach, and presently there are some out of a curious humor; others, as if they watched an occasion of singularity, will take it up for canonical, and make it part of their creed and profession; whereas solitary truth cannot any where fined so ready entertainment; but the same Novelty which is esteemed the commendation of err our and makes that acceptable, is counted the fault of truth, and causes that to bee rejected. How did the disbelieving World gaze at Columbus when he promised to discover another part of the earth, and he could not for a long time by his confidence, or arguments, induces any of the Christian Princes, either to assent unto his opinion, or goes to the charges of an experiment?
