
1. That thou shouldst not here looke to find any exact, accurate
   Treatise, since this discourse was but the fruit of some lighter
   studies, and those too hudled up in a short time, being first
   thought of and finished in the space of some few weekes, and
   therefore you cannot in reason expect, that it should be so
   polished, as perhaps, the subject would require, or the leisure
   of the Author might have done it.

2. To remember that I promise onely probable arguments for the
   proofe of this opinion, and therefore you must not looke that every
   consequence should be of an undeniable dependance, or that the truth
   of each argument should be measured by its necessity. I grant that
   some Astronomicall appearances may possibly be solved otherwise then
   here they are. But the thing I aime at is this, that probably they
   may so be solved, as I have here set them downe: Which, if it be
   granted (as I thinke it must) then I doubt not, but the indifferent
   reader will find some satisfaction in the maine thing that is to be
   proved.

Many ancient Philosophers of the better note, have formerly defended this assertion, which
I have here laid downe, and it were to be wished, that some of us would more apply our endeavours
unto the examination of these old opinions, which though they have for a long time lien neglected
by others, yet in them may you finde many truths well worthy your paines and observation. Tis
a false conceit, for us to thinke, that amongst the ancient variety and search of opinions,
the best hath still prevailed. Time (saith the learned Verulam) seemes to be of the nature
of a river or streame, which carrieth downe to us that which is light, or blowne up, but sinketh
that which is weighty and solid.

It is my desire that by the occasion of this discourse, I may raise up some more active spirit
to a search after other hidden and unknowne truthes. Since it must needes be a great impediment
unto the growth of sciences, for men still so to plod on upon beaten principles, as to be afraid
of entertaining any thing that may seeme to contradict them. An unwillingnesse to take such
things into examination, is one of those errours of learning in these times observed by the
judicious Verulam. Questionlesse there are many secret truths, which the ancients have passed
over, that are yet left to make some of our age famous for their discovery.

If by this occasion I may provoke any reader to an attempt of this nature, I shall then thinke
my selfe happy, and this work successefull.

Farewell.

  [Decoration]

The First Proposition, by way of Preface.

That the strangenesse of this opinion is no sufficient reason why it
  should be rejected, because other certaine truths have beene formerly
  esteemed ridiculous, and great absurdities entertayned by common
  consent.

There is an earnestnesse and hungering after novelty, which doth still adhere unto all our
natures, and it is part of that primative image, that wide extent and infinite capacity at
first created in the heart of man, for this since its depravation in Adam perceiving it selfe
altogether emptied of any good doth now catch after every new thing, conceiving that possibly
it may finde satisfaction among some of its fellow creatures. But our enemy the divell (who
strives still to pervert our gifts, and beate us with our owne weapons) hath so contriv’d it,
that any truth doth now seeme distastefull for that very reason, for which errour is entertain’d--Novelty,
for let but some upstart heresie be set abroach, and presently there are some out of a curious
humour; others, as if they watched an occasion of singularity, will take it up for canonicall,
and make it part of their creede and profession; whereas solitary truth cannot any where finde
so ready entertainement; but the same Novelty which is esteemed the commendation of errour
and makes that acceptable, is counted the fault of truth, and causes that to bee rejected.
How did the incredulous World gaze at Columbus when hee promised to discover another part of
the earth, and he could not for a long time by his confidence, or arguments, induce any of
the Christian Princes, either to assent unto his opinion, or goe to the charges of an experiment.
