fired from the guns in a flammable targets as wooden ships or powder magazines. During the siege of Gibraltar in 1782, the English fired and destroyed part of the fleet of Spain with a hot shot in the United States coast forts shot furnaces were standard equipment in the first half of 1800. A little shot furnace at Castillo de San Marcos National Monument was built during the 1840's, the giant furnace for 1862 remains at Fort Jefferson National Monument. A few examples left.

Loading Hot Shot is not particularly dangerous. After the powder charge was in the top with dry wad in front of him, another wad of wet straw, or clay, was put in the barrel. When the cherry-red shot was rammed home, the wet wad prevented the premature explosion of charge. According to the Ordnance Manual, would be cool to shoot a gun without setting off charge! Hot shot was replaced about 1850, Martin of the shell, filled with molten iron.

Smoke shell appeared in 1681, but was never extensively used. Similarly, the form of gas projectile, called a "stink shell" was coined by Confederate officer during the Civil War. Because of their "inhumanity" and probably because it was thought valuable enough to offset the value of propaganda on the enemy, it was not popular. These were the beginnings of the modern chemical grenades.

With regard to chemical weapons, it is of interest to consider Hussite siege of Castle Karlstein, near Prague, in the first quarter of XV century. Hussites emplaced 46 small cannon, 5 large cannons and 5 catapults. Big guns will shoot once or twice a day, a few people from six to ten rounds.

Marble pillars from Prague churches furnished cannonballs. Many projectiles for the catapults, however, were rotting carcasses and other filth, thrown into the fortress to cause illness and break morale under siege. However, the intrepid defenders neutralized these "chemical bursts" with lime and arsenic. After firing 10,930 cannonballs, 932 stone fragments, 13 fire barrels, and 1822 tons of dirt, Hussites gave up.

AMMUNITION FIXED

In the early days, in part to some balls, Vadso is very important as a means for closing the powder and increasing its efficiency. Vadso can be almost any suitable material at hand, but perhaps straw or hay are the ones most often. Hay is the first twisted into 1-inch rope, then the length of the rope is folded together several times and finally rolled up in a short cylinder, slightly higher than the father. After handier sabots came into use, however, would only need to Vadso the ball rolling when the muzzle down, or hot shot fired.

Arsenal began to consolidate early ammunition for easier and faster loading. For example, after a charge of powder was placed in a bag, the next logical step was to attach a bundle and Cannonball to it, so that loading can be done in one simple operation - the pressure of a circle of bare (Fig. 48) . Towards this end, the Clog or "shoes" (Fig. 41) is a place bundle. Clog is a wooden disk about the same diameter as the bullet. It was provided for the ball with a couple of metal straps to the semi-fixed "ammunition, and then, if the door in the powder bags were tied around the Clog, the result was a cartridge containing powder, Clog, a ball, under the title" fixed "ammunition. Fixed ammunition is common for a lighter field pieces by the end of 1700, while more weapons to use "semi-fixed."

In transport, cartridges and cylinders are protected by caps of strong paper. Sabots are sometimes made of paper, too, or compressed wood chips, to eliminate the risk of serious, uninterrupted Clog falls between friendly troops. A large mortar Clog the deadly projectile in it!

Missiles

Today's missile missiles are not exactly new discoveries. About the time the start gun, it's a military firevorker the job of providing pyrotechnic engines of war, later, his job as a spectacular fireworks are set off in celebration of victory and peace.

Artillery manuals are very early chapter on the production and use of fireworks.
