This HIT requires JavaScript! Please activate JavaScript before continuing, or release the HIT.

It was shot from cannon at such non combustible targets such as wooden ships or powder magazines. At the time of siege of Gibraltar in 1782 a part of Spain’s fleet was destroyed by the English with hot shot and during the first half of nineteenth century the United States seacoast forts shot furnaces; During 1840’s,the small shot furnace at Castillo de san Macros National Monument was constructed. At Fort Jefferson National Monument a giant furnace of 1862 was still remained. There are few other examples left.

Loading hot shot was not particularly hazardous. Later the powder charge was in the gun with dry wad which was in front of it ,a wet straw or clay was kept into the barrel. A premature explosion of charge was prevented by a wet wad when the cherry red shot was rammed home .The shot can cool the gun without setting off the charge according to ordnance  manual! About 1850, hot shot was followed by Martin’s shell ,filled with molten iron. 

In 1681 the smoke shell was appeared but it was never used extensively. At the time of civil war, a Confederate officer invented a form of gas projectile ,called a “stink shell”. It was not valuable enough to offset its promotion value to the enemy because of its “inhumanity”, it was not famous. Thus modern chemical shells were started.

In first quarter of 1400’s,it is of interest to review the Hussite siege of Castle Karlstein,near Prague in connection with chemical warfare. The Hussites place 46 small cannon,5 large and 5 catapults. Once or twice in a day the big guns were shooted and small ones from six to dozen rounds.  

The cannonballs from Prague churches are furnished by marble pillars. Many projectiles for the catapults, were decomposing carcasses and other disgusting garbage was thrown with great force over the castle walls to cause disease and break the morale of the crowd around. With lime and arsenic the intrepid defenders neutralized these “chemical bursts”.
The Hussites gave up after firing 10,930 cannon balls ,932 stone fragments,13 fire balls and 1,822 tons of disgusting garbage.

FIXED AMMUNITION:

In early days wads were very important for confining the powder and increasing its efficiency, partly to the roughly made balls. Straw or hay ones were most common material used to make wads and it can also be made by any suitable material at hand..
The hay was first twisted into a 1-inch rope ,rope length was folded several times and rolled finally into a short cylinder,a little larger than bore. After  when the handier sabots came into existence ,then wads were needed only to keep the ball from rolling out ,for hot shot firing or when the muzzle was down, or for hot shot firing..


For easier and fast loading Gunners early began to merge ammunition. For instance after
Placing the powder charge in a bag, the next logical step was to attach a wad and cannon ball to it, thus the loading was done simply in one operation that is pushing the single round into the bore(fig. 48).Toward that end sabot or shoe was replaced by wad. The sabot was a wooden disk similar to a shot having same diameter. To make “semi-fixed ammunition “it was secure to the ball with a pair of metal straps; the result was one cartridge ,if the neck of the powder bag were tied around the sabot. By the end of eighteenth century fixed ammunition was used by the lighter field pieces,and the bigger 
Guns used “semi-fixed”.

Cartridges were protected by cylinders and caps of strong paper which was used in transportation. To eliminate  the danger of huge ,solid sabot falling  amongst amiable troops, sabots were sometimes made of paper or compressed wood chips.A giant mortar sabot was harmful projectile in itself!

ROCKETS 
 Today's rocket projectiles are not exactly new inventions. About the time of artillery's beginning, the military fireworker came into the business of providing pyrotechnic engines of war; later, his job included the spectacular fireworks that were set off in celebration of victory or peace. 
 Artillery manuals of very early date include chapters on the manufacture and use of fireworks. 
 
Nowadays rocket projectiles are old inventions ,as the military fire worker came into business at the time of artillery’s beginning for providing pyrotechnic engines of war;
In the celebration of victory or peace the job included the  outstanding fireworks that were set off.
Artillery manuals recently include chapters on the manufacture and use of fireworks.
