I tell you, is a hard can it be called off as the Aetna. But nature must take its course: the eyes of women are empowered as attractive as the jet, and retention as diamond, that linger over the delight of the objects just until the skin looking beautiful in the panther repenting experience will tell you it has a belly that eats. " 
"Come," said Ganymede ", this sermon is but his subtlety to lie still in bed, either because you think the cold morning, or what has been, I would steal a nap: this change Palm has not, and therefore upward and outward. And with that she put on her skirt, and start-up, and as soon as she had been ready and have breakfast, go far in these two with his bag and bottles to the field, in the most pleasant contents of the mind they never were in the court of Torismond. 

They arrived almost as soon as the folds, but can see that their unhappy forester was walking in his melancholy. Aliena As soon as he saw it, smiled and told Ganymede: 

"Wipe your eyes, baby, there's your partner this morning in deep prayer, no doubt, to Venus, she can do as unfortunate as he is passionate. Come on, Ganymede, I beg you, let's have some sports with him. " 

"Content" said Ganymede, and thus to awaken from its deep memory, [1] began as follows: 

[Note 1: Dream.] 

"Forester, sort of your thoughts, and provide your passions. What makes you so early this morning in a foreign country? In contemplation, no doubt, his Rosalynd. Look, forestry, not too far, the pass can be profound , and slip on shoes: I tell you, the flies have the spleen, cholera ants, the shadows, the less hair, and loves a great desire smaller. It's good, forest, love, but not Overlove, lest in love like you do not have time to yourself in an endless maze. " 

Rosader, and the pastor very blond and her lover with whom he felt greater ease of care, they returned the greeting in this way: 

"Gentle Shepherd, all hail, and healthier than their flocks as you happy in your content. Love is restless, and my bed is just my cell destruction, because we have to find thoughts and broken dreams employed: here (despite passionate everywhere), but I love the stream with more patience, as each object feeds my eyes with a variety of fantasies. When I look at the beautiful tapestry Flora, checked with the pride of all her treasure, I call to mind the beautiful face whose heavenly hue Rosalynd exceeds the rose and lily for the most excellence: the brightness of the brightness of Phoebus leaves me in the mind to think of the bright flames that flew from her eyes, and establish for the first time in my heart the fire: the sweet harmony of birds, makes me remember the melody of his voice rare, like the siren enchanteth the listener's ears. Thus in contemplation I save my sorrows, with the implementation of the perfection of each object to the excellence of his qualities. " 

"She is facing a lot to you," Aliena said, "and so, so many times I've wanted for myself, that if one day would be as loving as Oenone, I could find as faithful as you love Paris same. " 

"How do you say about this topic, forestry?" Ganymede said, "that favors fair shepherdess, who owns many herds. It leaves out, man, the assumption is Rosalynd love, seeing in it when I rove beyond the moon, and cast a look at my wife, which is certainly just as real but not as a bird in hand is worth only two in the forest: better feel the love of Aliena that obtained in the shadow fury Rosalynd. " 

"I'll tell you boy," said Rosader, "so my fantasy is staring at my Rosalynd, who were your mistress as fair Leda and Danae, who courted Zeus transformed in ways, my eyes do not guarantee to entertain their beauty; and so has love locked me in his perfections, which took place only contemplate in its beauty, the absolute excellence have any other. " 

"Venus is the culprit, forestry, if having such a true servant of you, you with no reward Rosalynd if Rosalynd were more fair than she. But leaving this talk, now I'm going to put in the mind of his promise about the sonnets, you said in your own home in the hostel. "
