It is a flame as hard to be quenched as that of Aetna. Women's eyes have faculty attractive like the jet, but nature must have her course, and retentive like the diamond, they dally in the delight of fair objects. Gazing on the panther's beautiful skin, repenting experience tell them he hath a devouring paunch.
Ganymede told that, the sermon of  is but a subtlety to lie still a-be.  Either you think the morning is cold or else have gone, have a nap. This shift carries no palm, and therefore up and away. She slipped on her petticoat, and started up.  As soon as she had made her ready, and taken her breakfast, away go these two with their bag and bottles to the field. In more pleasant content of mind than ever they were in the court of Torismond.

They might see where their discontented forester was walking in his melancholy,they came no sooner nigh the folds. She smiled and said to Ganymede wipe your eyes, sweeting, for yonder is your sweetheart this morning in deep prayers, no doubt, to Venus, that she may make you as pitiful as he is passionate. Come on, Ganymede, I pray thee, let's have a little sport with him.

Ganymede quoted that he was content. To waken him out of his deep memento[1] he began thus:

[Footnote 1: revery.]

Why early abroad this morn? in contemplation, of your Rosalynde. Forester good fortune to thy thoughts, and ease to thy passions. Take heed, forester; step not too far that the ford may be deep, put the shoes. I tell thee, flies have their spleen, the ants choler, the least hairs shadows, and the smallest loves great desires. it is good, to love. In loving her that likes not thee, thou fold thyself in an endless interactive  for spiritual journeys.

Rosader, seeing the fair shepherdess and her pretty swain in whose company he felt the greatest ease of his care, he returned them a salute on this manner.

All hail, love is restless and my bed is but the cell of my comic.  I find busy thoughts and broken slumbers. Here (although everywhere passionate) yet I brook love with more patience. In that every object feeds mine eye with variety of fancies. I call to mind the fair face of Rosalynde, when I look on Flora's beauteous tapestry, checked with the pride of all her treasure. The heavenly cry exceeds the rose and the lily in their highest excellence. The brightness of Phoebus', shine puts me in mind to think of the sparkling flames that flew from her eyes, and set my heart first on fire. Sweet harmony puts me in remembrance of the rare melody of her voice, which like the Siren enchanteth the ears of the hearer. In contemplation I salve my sorrows, with applying the perfection of every object to the excellence of her qualities.

I Wished with she is much beholding unto you, said Aliena, that if I should ever prove as amorous as none, I might find as faithful a Paris as yourself.


"How say you by this item, forester?" quoth Ganymede, "the fair shepherdess favors you, who is mistress of so many flocks. Leave off, man, the supposition of Rosalynde's love, whenas watching at her you rove beyond the moon, and cast your looks upon my mistress, who no doubt is as fair though not so royal; one bird in the hand is worth two in the wood: better possess the love of Aliena than catch furiously at the shadow of Rosalynde."

Rosader told that I'll tell the boy,  my fancy fixed on my Rosalynde, whom Jove courted in transformed shapes, mine eyes would not vouch to entertain their beauties. The  love locked me in her perfections, that I had rather only contemplate in her beauties. Absolutely possess the excellence of any other.

So true a servant of you Venus is to blamed, if she reward you not with Rosalynde.  But leaving this idle chattering, now I'll put you in mind of your promise about those sonnets, which you said were at home in your lodge.
