I told you it was a fire as hard as quenched that of Aetna. But nature must have its course: women's eyes are attractive professors such as jet, and tenacious the diamond: they fool joy of fair things, to gazing at the beautiful skin The panther's, repenting experience tell them he hath a stomach devouring. "

"Come on," quoth Ganymede, "this sermon of yours is but a subtlety to lie still a-bed, because either you feel the cold morning, or else I am gone, you'd steal a nap, this shift carries no branches, and so is up and away. And by that she slipped into her petticoat, and start up, and soon made her ready, and took her breakfast, go away two of their bags and bottles in the field, in more pleasant content of mind than they have ever been to court Torismond.

They came no closer to early folds, but they can see where their fighters are walking discontented with his anguish. Aliena soon as I saw him, he smiled and said Ganymede;

"Wipe your eyes, sweetening, for it is your girlfriend this morning in deep prayer, no doubt, to Venus, that he could make you as pitiful as he is passionate. Come on, Ganymede , I pray thee, let a little sport with him. "

"Content," quoth Ganymede, and through that, to wake him out of his deep note [1] She thus began:

[Footnote one: revery.]

"Fighters, good luck with your thoughts and ease your interests. What are you doing so early abroad this morning? For contemplation, no doubt, your Rosalynde. Take heed, forester, measures that too far, cross the river can be deep, and wrong shoes, I tell you, their spleen flies, the ants choler, at least hair shadows, and the minimum loves great desires. 'Tis well, forester, in love, but not in overlove, lest her lover that likes you, you fold yourself into an endless labyrinth. "

Rosader, seeing the fair shepherdess and her pretty lover in companies that he felt the greatest ease his care, he returned them a salute this way:

"Gentle shepherds, all call and be as beneficial as you're happy with your flocks content. Love is not restless, and my bed is but the cell of my bane, I find that with busy thoughts and broken slumbers: here (though everywhere passionate) yet I love brook with more patience, the things with each feed mine eyes to different kinds of fancies. When I look at the gorgeous upholstery Flora's , checked in honor of all his treasures, as I call the fair face of Rosalynde, which exceeds the sky color pink and the lily to their maximum efficiency, the light of Phoebus' shine puts me to speculate sparkling fire flew from his eyes, and set my heart on fire first, the sweet harmony of birds, puts me in remembrance of those rare tunes his voice, like the Siren enchanteth the ear of listeners. So meditation salve my sorrows, with applying the perfection of every thing the efficiency of its features. "

"She is much beholding to you," quoth Aliena, "and so much, that I have often like myself, if I should prove as devoted as Oenone, I can find as an honest Paris as yourself. "

"How say you by this matter, forester?" quoth Ganymede, "the fair shepherdess favor you, the wife of many flocks. Leave off, people, conceptual Rosalynde's love, you whenas watching him wandering across the moon, and cast you look at my wife, who no doubt is as fair although not so the king: a bird in hand is worth two in the wood better to have love Aliena lag than working in the shadow of Rosalynde. "

"I'll tell you boy," quoth Rosader, "so I fixed my fancy Rosalynde, you mistress as fair as Leda or Danaë, whom Jove courted transformed in shape, mine eyes do not vouch to recreate their beauties, and so hath love locked me in his perfections, that I had rather just contemplate its beauties, than absolutely claim the efficiency of any other. "

"Venus is to blame, forester, so having a true servant of you, he will reward you not to Rosalynde, if Rosalynde is much fairer than his own. But leaving this prattle, now I'll put you in Think of your commitment regarding the sonnets, as you said is home to your lodge. "
