L. You very tiring! L. worker thousands of miracles, embalmer thousand things more ephemeral, more valuable, so I sealed amber

"Nature still remembers what was so fugitive!"

You hast wrought an image of many wild and guilty passion - but I think thou didst ever paint as the average mean, the generous generous. Gentle stories, too, you hast said, Consuelo and I are so pure as holy charity and noble art could make it. Complain that the world of your creation, women are beautiful and weak men; Can not these things, then, to see and tried for a time through the eyes of women? Much You hast harm done; Nay, that can only God knows. I would say to you, which veil a life of low intrigue with a high flight-dicta borrow from your work. You are not the kind of art - or, if this is indeed thee seek to emulate,

"Decipit model vitiis imitabile."

Your faults attract them, not the qualities that redeem them. Shake thereon free from this, and those are very loved, and how far is forgiven, go in peace! The shadows of Poets will greet thee hailed as Dante and Virgil, when a cloud thereon, goest thou to them. The heart, which collapsed in sorrow Francesca would refuse to fill them with yours. For there is a collection of great men with great and without sin, when you have to sit between Sappho and Cleopatra, The Magdalen near you - or even entirely taken from the eyes of the mother of God's Forgiveness.

* * * * *

HAIR-CHAINS.

It was truly a great ball! The host came to the conclusion that entertainment should minister to all the senses of visitors, and had succeeded so well that there is only room for regret, but there were five senses to be pleased. Only five gates in the wall, in which the shy intrenches soul itself, when an attack is possible. And even when all those carried by the storm, there are sometimes internal citadels impregnable to magic torrent streaming through the Beautiful Gates, where they can investigate intruders with calm contempt. In vain the floods of delicious poison win in the fall noble: she calmly analyze the sweet poison, (as it thinks,) separates and maintains the solid fact of which the solution has been enriched by the other barren stream, suffering and indifferent to the rest flowing from it. These are the souls of philosophers and sages, who are never drowned ever surprised. But the rich host did not care only for those large super-sensual people, but had struggled to meet perfect eyes, ears, noses, palates of most number of poorer folk, whose interior walls are not was so well defended. Hundreds of candles lit candle extensive bar with a soft glow. The walls were painted with the most delicate colors, offering a pleasant cool background of glowing rooms, and relieved the rich colors of the photos. In all of the pictures that adorn the walls, the eye color reveal the luxurious, careless lack of discrimination of form and grand clean outline. Scenes in the dark heart of tropical forests, dense green foliage here and there surprisingly replaced by a bright red flower or the brilliant plumage of a bird songless - beautiful sunsets on the American prairies, where rolling purple soil in contrast with the purple and golden glories of Eventide, - vivid sketches along the Mediterranean blue sea embraces the twin sky - maturing vines matured under the Italian sun - in the fields of yellow wheat bending in the English mowers mowers - and sometimes half hidden from the aspects of a heavy purple curtain, a startled to discover ice solemn and eternal snows of the Arctic. The wood, the work of all the rooms were dark oak, so that each appeared with impeccably dressed company is a jewel that flashes in a rich casket. A shadow of music wandered through the air, sometimes mixed with the sound of the falling fountain of gas in some cases almost absorbed by the scent of flowers.

For two hours the coaches had a continuous stream under the arch, and just throw their occupants, Gauzy the summer, the glowing room.
