With these exceptions our river has not had any artificial aid, but in the last five years the number of salmon has increased dramatically, due in large part, no doubt, to the chambers above. 
The shapes of fish are generally in good condition (although some improvements are made), and fish have easy access to headlines, a large number go up and spawn is evidenced by the large number of offspring for the last time the head of tides in the spring, many who are adopting children with the rod. I have reason to hope that our government hereinafter distributed annually in the St. Croix a number of young salmon, together with contributions from the commissioners of Maine will soon make the fish more abundant. Alewives are abundant, and apparently increasing each year. Shad were once many have disappeared completely. I very much hope that the river could be stocked with this fish valuable if you could possibly help us in this. 

Landlocked Salmon (here called) are, I think, or nearly so abundant on Grand Lake this year as they were ten, which, I believe, is due almost exclusively to the hatchery by Mr. Atkins, the tannery to current head had completely destroyed their natural spawning beds, the deposit of hair and others deny that in some places inches deep. Twenty-five percent. all fish babies, who are truly returned to our river, is, I believe, every year more than they receive for the natural process in the current circumstances, in ten years. 

TODD FRANK. 

* * * * * * 

St. Stephen, NB, Dominion of Canada. 

Prof. Spencer F. Baird, USA Commissioner of Fish and Fisheries: 

SIR: I think it has been clearly demonstrated in this domain, artificial reproduction and a good amount of protection, all natural salmon rivers can be kept well stocked with this fish, and rivers have been exhausted, for whatever reason, brought back to its former excellence. 

I example, the Restigouche River in support of the above statement. 

This river, which flows into the Bay of Chaleur, now and always has been, the most important salmon river in New Brunswick, both in size and number of fish. You do not have a dam or barrier to the free passage of fish from its mouth to its source, however, until 1868 and 1869 the number of salmon has declined steadily. This, no doubt, was caused by over-compensation in the mouth, and spear fish in summer in the pools, the natural production was unable to keep up with this type of waste. 

In 1868 the number of salmon was so small that the total catch of salmon by anglers was only 20, and the business performance of only 37,000 pounds. About this time, the first salmon hatchery was built on this domain, and better river protection system opened each year, with some hundreds of thousands of young salmon are born and placed in these waters, and the result has been a fisherman in 1878 alone (out of hundreds who were fishing in the river) in sixteen days killed by his own cane salmon eighty, seventy-five of which an average of more than twenty-six pounds each, while the while the numbers that are being taken by fishermen net below, for commercial purposes, were beyond precedent, amounting to a single division (excluding local and home consumption) to the enormous weight of 500. 000 pounds, and money receipts for salmon in the Restigouche County that year amounted to more than $ 40,000, plus some $ 5,000 was spent by fishermen, this result was almost entirely caused by artificial propagation. A new hatchery large enough to produce five million fingerlings a year, without doubt, will soon be erected by the Dominion Government on this river. 

A similar register could be given of the Saguenay River. A few years ago, fishermen and fishermen's net the river, said it was useless lease of the department, as the scarcity of salmon was in such a way that does not guarantee payment. A nursery was built, and this state of affairs is wonderfully changed; so much so, in fact, that in 1878 salmon, large numbers were taken in the tidal fishing, became a drug on the market, often selling as low as three cents per pound, and fishing in the tributaries was the best. 

One hundred of millions of young salmon have been hatched artificially and is distributed in the waters of the domain in recent years, and erected new government hatcheries are being constantly. 

Yours, & c., 

TODD FRANK, Fisheries Supervisor, District Saint Croix. 

ARTICLE II 

SKETCH OF SALMON Penobscot-breeding establishment 

by 

Charles G. Atkins 

Written at the request of Prof. SF Baird, of the London Exhibition of 1883 

Bulletin of the Fisheries Commission of the United States, vol.
