With these exceptions we have helped artificial river, but in the last five years, the number of salmon has increased largely, mainly because there is no doubt the deposits mentioned above.

Forms of fish are generally in good condition (although some improvements are made), and fish have easy access to the spring, and spawning large numbers progress shown by the large number of young salmon found in the water column in the spring many children are taken by rod. I have reason to expect that our government will continue to be distributed annually on St. Croix good number of young salmon, which, together with contributions Commissioners Maine do this as soon more fish abundance. Saves are very abundant, and probably every year. Shad and many will disappear altogether. I would love that the river is filled with these valuable fish, may kindly help us in that direction.

Landlocked Salmon (known here), I believe, or almost entirely in abundance as the Grand Lake Stream years as they were ten years ago, and, I believe, almost entirely by the incubator by Mr Atkins, the tannery on stream completely destroying their natural spawning grounds, the deposit of hair and other refuse in some quarters inches deep. The 25 per cent. of all fish shocked, I honestly came back to our river, is, I think, every year more than it would be through a natural process, under the present circumstances, in ten years.

Frank Todd.

* * * * * *

St. Stephen, N. B. Dominion of Canada.

Professor Spencer F. Baird, E. U. Commissioner Fish and Fisheries:

SIR: I think it clearly shows here that artificial breeding, and a certain amount of security, that all natural salmon rivers are kept fully stocked with this fish, and rivers have been exhausted, at which reason, has come back to his previous excellence.

Either instance, Restigouche River in favor of the previous statement.

The river, which empties into the Bay of Chaleur, now and always has been the main river for salmon in New Brunswick, both in size and number of fish. Not preventing or obstructing the free path for fish from its mouth to its source, however, until 1868 and 1869 the number of salmon has fallen steadily. This is certainly caused by over-compensation in the mouth, and tongue of the fish during the summer in the mines, the natural production could not keep up with these residues.

In 1868, the number of salmon was so small that the total was still only 20 by salmon fishermen, and commercial products is only $ 37,000. Around this date, the first Dominion salmon incubator built over the river and improved defense system opens each year hundreds of thousands of smolt hatch and placed in these waters, and the result was that only in 1878 and Fisherman (out of hundreds who were fishing on the river), in sixteen days, killed by his own eighty salmon rod, 75 of whom average more than U.S. $ 26 each, while at the same time, the number was are taken from, then fishing net, for commercial purposes, beyond precedent in reaching a just division (not counting local and domestic) the enormous pressure of £ 500,000, and receipt of salmon in the Restigouche County year amounted to more $ 40,000 and about $ 5,000 spent by the fishermen, the result almost entirely caused by artificial propagation. The new hatch is large enough to produce five million fingerlings a year, no doubt, shortly be erected by the Dominion Government on the River.

Record of something similar could be put to the River Saguenay. Some years ago, anglers and net fishermen of the river, said that it is useless to lease the department, as the shortage of salmon that was not such as to justify the cost. The hatchery was built, and this situation is changing now fantastic, so much so, too, that in 1878 large numbers of salmon were taken in the fisheries sector the tide of drugs coming on the market for substantially work is low with three cents per pound, and hooks in the tributaries are excellent.

A few hundreds of millions of young salmon have been artificially created and distributed in the waters of the Dominion during the past few years, new government hatcheries and constantly being raised.

Yours, & c.,

Todd Frank, Superintendent of Fisheries, District of Saint Croix.

Article II

Draft Penobscot Salmon breeding Set

by

Charles G. Atkins

Written by request of Professor SF Baird, for the London 1883 Exhibition

Commission Bulletin U. S. Fish, vol.
