Among the Algonquins ill person to be his shadow or other self temporarily separate from her body, and the recovery times "waradwyddent for exposing himself before his shadow was safely settled down into it." If the sick man had been pushed into a stupor, it is because his other self has traveled as far away as the river is about death, but not allowed to cross had come back and re- -he went. And similar action on the idea that the Fiji difficulty sometimes lies down and manual color and wept for her soul to come back. Therefore, continued Mr. dust, "in different countries become lost souls come back from a regular part of professional magician or priest." [164] On Aryan soil we find the idea of a temporary departure of the soul survives late date in the theory that the witch may attend the infernal Sabbath while her earthly tabernacle is quietly sleeping in the home. The conception Primeval reappears, clothed in bitterest sarcasm, is Dante's reference to his contemporaries lived their souls, he met with them in the vaults of hell, while their bodies are still walking around on earth, living by demons.

The theory which identifies the soul with the shadow, and assume the shadow of death and illness to leave the body, seem open to be present with some difficulties in the way of validation, even for intelligence favorably on the savage. But the propriety of identifying and breath of the soul is confirmed by the whole experience Primeval. The breath, and really leave the body at his death, gave the name of the principal for the soul, not only to the Hebrew, the Sanskrit and classical languages, not only to German and English , where Geist, and spirit, according to Max Muller, the meaning of "breath," and similar words such as gas, must, a geyser, but also to many barbarous languages. Among the natives of Nicaragua and California, in Java and in West Australia, the soul is described as air or a breeze going in and out through the nostrils and mouth, and the Greenlanders, according to Franz, reckon two separate souls, the breath and shadow. [165] It is being held, also in Lancashire, where well-known witch died a few years since; "but before he could 'shuffle off the mortal coil' she must needs TRANSFER HER SPIRIT familiar to some trusty successor . An identification assumption of the nearby township sent due to urgency, and his arrival immediately closeted with her friend died. What passed between them has never fully emerged, but it confirms that confident at the end The interview link RECEIVED The Witch's LAST breath in his mouth AND WITH IT HER familiar SPIRIT. the woman notorious therefore cease to exist, but his powers for good or bad were transferred to his companion; and go along the way Burnley to Blackburn could identify and farmhouse at any great distance with its neighboring farmer thrifty matron there again dare to quarrel. "[166]

From theory to incorporate the occasion to speak further. At the moment let us not go over the fact that the self is another not only as a shadow or breath, which can be work quit the body during life, but to also become temporarily embodied visible in the form of some bird or animal. In discussing elsewhere the myth of Bishop Hatto, we saw that the soul is sometimes represented in the form of a rat or mouse, and in treating of werewolves we noticed the belief that the spirit of dead ancestors, borne on wind-up the night, took the semblance of howling dogs or wolves. "Consistent with these ideas beautiful ceremonies in vogue in China of bringing home a rooster (live or artificial) spirit of man has died in a remote, and attract a man's coat into the spirit sick leave already has left his body and thus conveyed back. "[167] In Castren great work on Finnish mythology, we find the history of the giant could not kill him because he keeps his soul hidden in a twelve-headed snake is transported in a bag as he rode on horseback, only when the secret is to find and kill the snake carefully, was the giant on its product life.
