Among the Algonquins a sick individual is supposed to hold his shadow or other self temporarily moderate
 from his object, and the convalescent is at times "reproached for exposing himself before his shadow was safely settled down in him. If the sick buddy

 has been plunged into stupor, it is because his other self has travelled away as far as the edge of the river of death, but not being allowed to crotchety
 has come back and re-entered him. And stagecraft upon a equivalent

 belief the tender Fiji bequeath sometimes lie down and nurse a hue and cry for his spirit
 to be brought back. Thus, continues Mr. Tylor, "in varied countries the bringing back of missing souls becomes a repeatitive refund of the enchanter
's or cleric's occupation." [164] On Aryan speck
 we find the belief of a makeshift emigration of the spirit
 lasting to a behind date in the philosophy
 that the crone may attend the infernal Sabbath while her secular tabernacle is quietly sleeping at home. The primeval concept reappears, clothed in bitterest crabbedness
, in Dante's passage
 to his living contemporaries whose souls he met with in the vaults of hell, while their bodies were calmness motile about on the burrow, inhabited by devils.
The philosophy
 which identifies the spirit
 with the shadow, and supposes the shadow to depart with the malady and death of the object, would seem explainable
 to be attended with some difficulties in the method of verification, even to the shadowy intelligence of the bestial. But the propriety of identifying spirit
 and breath is borne out by all primeval experience. The breath, which really quits the object at its decease, has furnished the central adduce for the spirit
, not only to the Hebrew, the Sanskrit, and the classic tongues; not only to German and English, where geist, and ghost, according to Max Muller, hold the meaning of "breath," and are relevant to such talking as gas, gust, and geyser; but also to numerous barbaric languages. Among the natives of Nicaragua and California, in Java and in West Australia, the spirit
 is described as the orchestration
 or breeze which passes in and out through the nostrils and hole
; and the Greenlanders, according to Cranz, reckon two separate souls, the breath and the shadow. [165] It is kept up, too, in Lancashire, where a well-familiar crone died a few years since; "but before she could'dodder off this mortal reckoning
' she must needs TRANSFER HER FAMILIAR SPIRIT to some trusty successor. An confidential
 acquaintance from a neighbouring township was consequently sent for in all haste, and on her arrival was immediately closeted with her dying buddy

. What passed between them has never fairly
 transpired, but it is confidently affirmed that at the confidential
 of the interview this associate RECEIVED THE WITCH'S LAST BREATH INTO HER MOUTH AND WITH IT HER FAMILIAR SPIRIT. The dreaded female thus ceased to exist, but her powers for righteous or dishonesty were transferred to her buddy

; and on ephemeral
 along the road from Burnley to Blackburn we can speck out a farmhouse at no revered
 distance with whose miserly
 matron no neighbouring farmer bequeath yet dare to quarrel. [166]

Of the philosophy
 of embodiment there bequeath be stratum to speak other
 on. At adduce pact
 us not defile over the fact that the other self is not only conceived as shadow or breath, which can at times cease the object during life, but is also supposed to become temporarily embodied in the recognizable
 manipulate of some lass or beast. In discussing elsewhere the romance
 of Bishop Hatto, we saw that the spirit
 is sometimes represented in the manipulate of a rat or mouse; and in treating of werewolves we noticed the effect that the spirits of dead ancestors, borne along in the night-wind, hold taken on the semblance of howling dogs or wolves. "Consistent with these quaint ideas are ceremonies in vogue in China of bringing home in a cock (live or unnatural) the spirit
 of a buddy

 deceased in a distant recognize, and of tempting into a sick buddy

's coat the departing spirit
 which has already left his object and so conveying it back." [167] In Castren's revered
 inspect

 on Finnish mythology, we find the facts of the vast

 who could not be killed because he kept his spirit
 dormant in a twelve-headed snake which he carried in a bag as he rode on horseback; only when the incongruity was discovered and the snake carefully killed, did the vast

 yield up his life.
