After dinner, speeches were made in the Homeric style, boasting of what the soldiers had done, and intend to do. A fragment of one of the speeches addressed to the English led the party ended, a fair idea of the table eloquence of Abyssinia, 'You are the adorners,' (which had been decorated with a purple robe) "has given me material scarlet, and here, have reserved the gift of today. This garment will bring me success, as the heathen, who sees a crimson cape on the shoulders of the Amhara, '(Abyssinia), "I think it is a warrior of distinguished value, like an ass, heels, and without stuck in any danger. " 
The march, and the incursion into the country from one of the Galla tribes, are admirably told, and perhaps are among the best descriptions of volumes - need not be tedious, and deep color without exaggeration. But we must hasten to other things. This raid was eighty-four the monarch, and in this we can conceive something of the horrors of wildlife, and the terrible evils that have escaped the nations whose laws and principles dominated by the original evil of man. 

We are pleased that the embassy refused to participate in this horrible job, although some fell into disrepute with the troops, and even with the king, by his negligence. The king had reserved Galla, even bad luck in a tree, to be shot by your guests. But this was denied, first, on the pretext that it is on Saturday, and next, with more clarity on that - "was not authorized by the public the right people to draw his sword on the offensive in any country at war with their own. "Then, he offered the compromise," an elephant Gallas considers equivalent to forty years, and a wild buffalo to five, and were ready to shoot as many of your Majesty wished. "But the embassy made things more efficient, the relief of sick and wounded received from them the extent of its possibilities, and even persuaded the king to release all prisoners. Troops from the raid amounted to about 20,000. 

Back from the expedition destroyed, which seems to have become a very fine country into a desert, the king made a sort of triumphal entry into the capital. His dress was splendid savage. The skin of a lion on his shoulders, richly ornamented, and half hidden in the folds of the robe embroidered green manufacturing in India, on the right shoulder were three gold chains, as emblems of the Holy Trinity, (!) And the newly started asparagus industry, announcing his latest stunt, he rose from the center of a silver crown embossed on the front. His workhorse seen in blue and yellow box, was driven to his side facing his "champion" riding on a coal black horse, with the royal coat of pure silver, with the cross over him, and dressed in a skin panther. The two heads of the army mounted on both sides of the red umbrella, at the gates of the palace, a mission of priests in white robes of the conqueror was a blessing and a fusillade announced his arrival. The leader of the true mecha-men had a war dance before the Ark, as it has developed, and the main warriors courtyard, each human carring a piece on his lance, and then threw it into the ground before the royal box, and shouted their praise of the war. 

The distinction embassy staff largely achieved by the death of an elephant, a party that took him to the ground by a ball of two ounces. The "warriors" were all in amazement at this feat, they had all predicted that the most serious termiration Boro, the courageous leader of the SOOP, "exclaimed his joy:" The world was made for you and nobody else has any business in it ! 

The main purpose of the embassy had not been achieved - the formation of something that was going to a trade treaty. Pearls, precious metalwork and jewelry, had been received from the coast, but the begging of the nobles of those things was perpetual and intolerable. Ornanents called it right, and was the constant cry, "Show it right", "give me things to delight," "I decorated from head to toe."
