After supper, speeches were made in the Homeric style, boasting of what the warriors had done, and intended to do. A section of one of the speeches; addressed to the English as the party broke up, gives a fair idea of Abyssinian table expressiveness, 'You are the adorners,' (the orator had been decorated with a scarlet cloak ;) 'You have given me scarlet broadcloth, and behold I have reserved the gift for this day. This garment will bring me success; for the Pagan who sees a cherry cloak on the shoulders of the Amharic,' (Abyssinian,) 'believing him to be a warrior of eminent velour, will take, like an ass, to his heels, and be speared without the smallest danger.'" 
The march, and the attack into the country of one of the Gala tribes, are very well told, and perhaps are among the best images in the volumes--exact without being tedious, and deeply colored without overstatement. But we must hasten to other things. This was the monarch's eighty-fourth foray; and on this we may conceive something of the horrors of barbarian life, and of the tremendous evils which nations have escaped whose laws and principles tame down the original evil of man. 
We are glad to find that the delegation refused to take any share in this horrible work, though they fell into some disrepute with the troops, and even with the monarch, for their remissness. The king had even reserved an unlucky Gala in a tree, to be shot by his guests. But this they declined, first, on the pretext of its being the Sabbath, and next, more distinctly on the ground, that--"no public body was authorized by the law of nations, to draw a sword offensively in any country not at war with its own." They then offered the compromise, "that an elephant was esteemed equal to forty Galas, and a wild buffalo to five, and that they were ready to shoot as many of both as his Majesty pleased." But the delegation did more effectual things; the sick and wounded received relief from them to the extent of their means, and they even prevailed on the king to liberate all his prisoners. The troops in the foray amounted to about 20,000. 
On the return of this destroying expedition, which seems to have turned a very fine country into a desert, the king made a kind of triumphal entry into his capital. His costume was splendidly savage. A lion's skin over his shoulders, richly ornamented, and half concealing beneath its folds an overstated green mantle of Indian manufacture; on his right shoulder were three chains of gold, as emblems of the Holy Trinity,(!) and the fresh-plucked bough of asparagus, which denoted his recent exploit, rose from the centre of an embossed coronet of silver on his brow. His dappled war-horse, in housings of blue and yellow, was led beside him; and in front his "champion" rode a coal-black charger, bearing the royal shield of massive silver, with the cross upon it, and dressed in a panther's hide. The two chief officers of his army rode either side of the crimson umbrella; at the palace gates, a deputation of priests in white robes received the conqueror with a benediction and a volley of musketry announce his arrival. The leader of the royal matchlock-men performed a war dance before the Ark as it was borne along, and in the inner court the principal warriors, each caring some human piece on his lance, flung then on the ground before the royal footstool, and shouted their war praise. 
The embassy at length attained personal distinction by the death of an elephant, which one of the parties brought to the ground by a two-ounce ball. The "warriors" were all in astonishment at this feat, to which all had predicted the most disastrous termination; and "Boor, the brave chief of the Sop," exclaimed in his delight, "The world was made for you, and no one else has any business in it!" 
The chief object of the embassy was still to be accomplished--the formation of something that approached to a treaty of commerce. Beads, cutlery, and trinkets, had been received from the coast; but the beggary of the nobles for those things was perpetual and intolerable. They called those ornaments pleasing things, and the cry was constant, "show me pleasing things," "give me delighting things," "adorn me from head to foot."
