After dinner, speeches are made in Homeric style, boasting of what the Warriors are done, and I intend to do. A fragment of one of the speeches, addressed to English as the party broke up, gives a fair idea of the Abyssinian table eloquence, 'You adorners,' (the speaker is decorated with a scarlet cloak;) ' you gave me scarlet broadcloth, and see I have reserved the gift for today. This dress will bring me success, for the pagan seeing a crimson robe on the shoulders of the Amhara, '(Abyssinian),' believing it to be a famous warrior of encouragement will bring, as an ass, on his head, and had no speared with minimum risk. '"

The march, and piracy in the country one of the Galla tribes, is admirably said, and probably among the best description of the volumes - not exactly being tedious, and deep color absurd. But we must hasten to other things. 84 piracy is the emperor's, and with it we can devise something of the horrors of savage life, and the extreme evils that the country has escaped the law and principles tame down the original evil of man.

We are glad to see that the embassy refused to take any share in this horrible work, although they fell into disrepute in some troops, and even kings, for their remissness. The king has even reserved an unfortunate Galla in a tree, was shot by his guests. But they rejected it, first, on the pretext of its being the Sabbath, and later, more distinctly on the ground, - "no public body is authorized by the law of nations, to draw a sword painful in any country is not the war itself. "They then offered the compromise," the elephant is an esteemed equal to 40 Gallas, and a wild bull in five, and that they are ready to shoot as many of the same as his Majesty pleased. " But the embassy is more fruitful things: the sick and wounded received comfort from them the extent of their means, and they even prevailed on the king to release all its prisoners. The army piracy amounted to about 20,000.

The return of this destruction expedition, which seems to have turned into a very fine country into a desert, the king made a kind of triumphal entry into his capital. His costume is splendidly stupid. A lion skin over his shoulders, luxuriously decorated, and half hiding under its folds an embroidered green mantle of Indian handicraft, in his right shoulder were three gold chains, as emblems of the Holy Trinity, (!) and the fresh-plucked boughs of asparagus, which denoted his recent exploit, rose from the center of an embossed silver Coronet of his brow. Dappled his war-horse, the housings of the blue and yellow, has led him aside and in front of his "champion" rode a coal-black charger, bearing the royal shield of massive silver, with the cross on it, and dressed in a panther's hide. The two chief officer of his army rode both sides of the red-red umbrella; the door palace, a deputation of priests in white robes with predatory received blessing and a volley of guns announced his arrival. The head of the royal matchlock-men held a war dance before the Ark as it was borne along, and within the court's principal Warriors, each carring some people ol his spear, then are scattered on the ground in front of the royal footstool, and shouted their war compliment.

The embassy in personal characteristics length attained by the death of an elephant, one of the parties brought to earth by a two-ounce ball. The "Warriors" are all in astonishment at this feat, which all had predicted the most disastrous termiration, and "Boroo, all trees within the Soopa," exclaimed his joy, " The world is made for you, and no one else has any business in it! "

The chief object of the embassy is still to take place - the creation of something that approached a treaty of commerce. Beads, cutlery and trinkets, was received from shore, but the nobles begging for things lasting and intolerable. They are called ornanents pleasant things, and the cry is always, "show me something enjoyable," "give me delighting things," adorn me from head on foot. "
