Of these the 5,500,000 public living in the state shattered by the Mississippi and the other streams which plunge into the Gulf of Mexico, export about $17,800,000 worth of possessions in 1830, a per capita price of fewer than $4. And most of this excess output came from the fiber counties of the minor South, where only a little percentage of the inhabitants of the West dwelt. Still, the herds of cattle and droves of swine that were ambitious southward to the fiber community or over the mountain to Eastern city, and the big quantities of little bit which, after 1825, create its way to market throughout the Erie Canal, added deeply to and possibly double the takings of the West from exports down the Mississippi. When all is told, though, these inaccessible people were in the main very poor, as the narratives of travelers and the journal of preachers attest on each sheet.

Yet each year additional thousands to the facts of Eastern men who migrate West to like some of the autonomy of a area where manor were shameful and the societal life eccentric; every decade additional new voices and capable best to the Western group in Congress, who clamor constantly for the performance of law aimed at the rapid enlargement of that part. New England, where the rise of business town necessitate an growing digit of laborer, took fright, or had never cease to be worried, at the westward movement of population; and Eastern members of Congress, under one pretext or another, opposed every demand which came up from the West, every petition of the "squatters" on the public domain. In the Middle state the structure of frequent canals, turnpikes, and railways called for both skilled and unskilled laborers. But if everybody ran off to the West when wages were unsatisfactory, this improvement could not be made and the old community would pine away and irritate

Virginia and the South were less troubled at the enlargement of the West, since of their scheme of slavery, and because the votes of the new States could be relied on to carry Virginian and Southern policy in Congress--a legacy of the old Jeffersonian alliance of the South with the near the beginning West; and also because of the alike financial and communal life of the two section. But even the Old authority in the sore financial distress of the late twenties, due in the main to the abandonment of her tobacco-fields and workshops by thousands of her most energetic sons, who went to the rich fiber country, wavered in her loyalty to the younger States of the West. John Randolph ridiculed in merciless fashion the "sharp-witted" Westerners, whom he would avoid in the thoroughfare as "one would a pickpocket"; and in both the Carolinas there was a terror and a trepidation of the mounting West, whose principles were too Jeffersonian and whose authority waxed better with the transient years. Yet Calhoun, Hayne, and extra able Southerners remained true to the new expanse and supported Benton in his debates with Foote and Webster in 1830, maybe because the entire Jackson program of 1829 was based upon the grouping of these services in the national life.

If the political tactics of the Western men of 1830 were determined and extensive, the lives of the astute pioneer were easy, hard, and fine. The men wore coats when the climate was cold, and found shoes additional of a irritation than a reassure during half the year; and the women rejoiced if they customary a "store" fedora once in two years. Wants were few and the yearly apiece capita expenditure past what was fashioned at home was not often as great as $10. Peter Cartwright count himself rich when he cultured that the Methodist yearly consultation to which he belong had added $12 to his standard salary of $100 a time.

Most men, counting the clergy, owned or borrowed farm and follow the plow up in period, while wives and children did outside job from dawn till nighttime. Houses were build by the aid of neighbors in a only day, and additional accommodation were unprepared by the thoughtful lynching of quilts and finished. A gate in frontage and an extra in the rear permitted abundance of clean air, although the large crevice between the logs typically rendered this surplus. Floors were made of logs split in halves and laid "with backs downward." Beds and chairs were home-made and especially intended for the use of the older members of the family, boys and girls compliant themselves with stools or blocks of wood sawed for the idea. Meals were ready in a few moments at the great fireside, where a huge crane aided the mother in fluctuation her kettles on or off the blazing fire. In every pompous home there was a loom for the weaving of fiber and woolen material for family or district consumption; and late at night the steady thump of the beam proclaim the industry of the hectic housewife as she put in the last clothes of her "fifth" or "sixth yard."
