The immense area of surface which this picture occupies will surprise the reader: it measures 40,000 square feet, or nearly an acre in extent."[2] This may be a glowing eulogium; but it is true to the line and letter.

[1] See Mirror, vol. xiii. p. 33.

[2] A graphic Account of the Colosseum, from the apt pen of Mr. Britton, the architect.

We have already illustrated the Panorama,[3] and it is our intention to introduce other embellishments of the Colosseum, as far as may be compatible with finished sketches. Our present subject is the principal apartment in the Swiss Cottage, to which the reader or visiter is conducted through a range of conservatories, containing choice exotics, with some of the most majestic proportions of leaf and flower that can be enjoyed in any clime. The communication is by a stone-work passage, the temperature of which is a refreshing succedaneum to that of the conservatories, or 72°. This cottage was designed by P.F. Robinson, Esq. who has evinced considerable taste in a publication on cottages and cottage-villas, as well as in the execution of various buildings. It consists of four apartments, three of which may be considered as finished. The apartment in our Engraving was completed, or nearly so, on our first visit. It is wainscotted with coloured (knotted) wood, and carved in imitation of the ornamented dwelling of a Swiss family. The fire-place will be recognised as the very beau ideal of cottage comfort: the raised hearthstone, massive fire-dogs and chimney-back, and its cosy seats, calculated to contain a whole family seated at the sides of its ample hearth---are characteristic of the primitive enjoyments of the happy people from among whom this model was taken. Our view is from the extreme corner, from which point the entrance-passage is shown in the distance.

[3] See Mirror, vol. xiii. p. 97.

The second Engraving shows the recessed window of the apartment, which faces the fire-place, and commands a view of a mass of rock-scenery, ornamented with waterfalls of singular contrivance and effect. The frames are filled in with plate-glass, so that the view of these artificial wonders is unobstructed. Our artist has, in his sketch, endeavoured to convey some idea of their outline; but he hopes to supply an amplification of their scenic beauty in a future engraving. We may, however, observe that the view from this window deserves the character of the sublime in miniature, and presents even a microcosm, where

Rocks and forests, lakes, and mountains grand, Mark the true majesty of Nature's hand.

The whole apartment presents a finished specimen of joinery, with a tasteful display of ornamental carving. Its colour is a deep warm or, we think, burnt sienna, brown; the furniture is in recherché rusticated style, planned by Mr. Gray, whose taste in these matters is elaborately correct; and it requires but the social blaze on the hearth, (which our artist has liberally supplied,) to complete the well-devised illusion of the scene. The apartment was painted about two years since as a scene for a musical piece at Covent Garden Theatre, the incidents of which lay in Switzerland.

* * * * *

THE VOICES OF THE NIGHT.

BY MISS M.L. BEEVOR.

(For the Mirror.)

Like some young veiled Bride, Gleams the moon's hazy face, When tissues that would hide But lend her charms a grace: Each winkling starlet pale, Sleeps in its far, far fold, Wrapp'd in the heavy veil Of dewy clouds and cold. The turmoil, din, and strife, Of factious earth are o'er; The turbid waves of life Have ceas'd to roll and roar; But tones now meet the ear, Full fraught with strange delight, And intermingling fear: The Voices of the Night!

Not such as softly rise When boughs with song o'erflow, And lover's vows and sighs, Like incense breathe below; Not such as warm his breast, Whose fever'd anxious brain Toils when all else hath rest, To bring the lost again!

But the owl's boding shriek, The death-cry of his prey; The tongues that durst not speak In bright unslumb'ring day; The murd'rer's curses fell, His quiv'ring victim's groan; The mutt'red, moody spell Which rocks ABADDON'S throne!
