The immense surface area of the picture where it occupies will surprise the reader: it measures 40,000 square feet, or nearly an acre in extent. "[2] It may be a glowing eulogium, but it is actually in line and letter.

[1] See Mirror, vol. XIII. p. 33.

[2] A graphic account of the Colosseum, from the pen of the things Mr. Britton, the architect.

We picture the panorama, [3] and it is our intention to introduce other embellishments of the Colosseum, as may be compatible with sketches done. Our current theme is the principal apartment at Swiss Cottage, to which the reader or visiter was carried out through a range of conservatories that contains selection exotics this, some of the most excellent size leaves and flowers that can be enjoyed in any clime. Communication is through a stone passage-work, the temperature of which is an refreshing succedaneum of conservatories, or 72 °. cottage has been designed by PF Robinson, Esq. who evinced great taste in a publication in cottages and cottage-villas, as well as the implementation of various buildings. It consists of four apartments, three of which can be considered as completed. The apartment of our steel is completed, or nearly so, on our first visit. It is wainscotted color (knotted) wood, and decorated carved in imitation of the residence of a Swiss family. The fire-place is recognized as the true lover of the ideal cottage comfortable: the raised hearthstone, massive fire-dogs and chimney-back, and his cozy chair, calculated to contain an entire family seated at his side home enough --the characteristics of the previous enjoyments of gay people from this model is taken. Our view is from the extreme corner, from the point of the entrance-passage is shown in the distance.

[3] See Mirror, vol. XIII. p. 97.

The second steel shows the recessed windows of the apartment, which faces a fire-place, and command a view of a mass of rock-scenery, waterfalls individually decorated in workmanship and effect. The frames are filled with plate-glass, so that the view of artificial phenomenon is unobstructed. Our artist is, in its short history, endeavored to convey some idea of their outline, but he hopes to supply the growth of their scenic beauty in a future engraving. We can, however, to observe the view from the window that it deserves the character of these wonderful little picture, and even presents a microcosm where

Rocks and forests, lakes, mountains and grand, the true majesty Mark Nature's hand.

The entire apartment presents a specimen after joinery, with a tasteful display of decorative carving. The color is a deep warm or, we think, burnt sienna, brown, the furniture is modest rusticated style, planned by Mr Gray, whose taste in these things are elaborately correct , and it needs but the blaze on the hearth social, (our artist is liberally supplied), to complete the illusion of great scenes devised. The apartment was painted about two years since then as a scene for a musical piece Covent Garden Theatre, the events which lay in Switzerland.

* * * * *

The voices of the night.

THE MISS M.L. BEEVOR.

(For the Mirror.)

Like some young bride veiled, shadowy faces Gleams month, But When tissues to hide her charms lend a grace: Each winkling starlet pale, Sleeps his far, far fold, heavy Wrapp'd the veil of fog foggy and cold. A mess, too, and strife, small group of earth o'er, The wave of turmoil in life Have ceas'd roll and roar, But tones now meet the ear, Full filled with strange delight, and intermingling Terror: The voice of the Night!

Unlike the weak When the song o'erflow boughs rise, And lover's vows and sighs, As incense breathe below: Not as warm his breast, Whose toils fever'd eager brain when all else hath rest, To bring the lost again!

But the boding screech owl's, the death-cry of his prey: the language that durst not speaking unslumb'ring the bright sun, the murd'rer's curses fell, moaning quiv'ring his victim: the mutt'red, moody spell Which rock hell'S throne!
