The vast extent of aboveground which this illustration occupies present disruption the reader: it measures 40,000 squarish feet, or nearly an dominion in extent."[2] This may be a glowing eulogium; but it is admittedly to the wares and missive. 
[1] See Mirror, vol. cardinal. p. 33. 

[2] A written Relationship of the Coliseum, from the apt pen of Mr. Britton, the architect. 

We bonk already illustrated the Icon,[3] and it is our intention to commence else embellishments of the Amphitheater, as far as may be congruous with dressed sketches. Our omnipresent bailiwick is the thespian apartment in the Nation Cottage, to which the printer or visiter is conducted through a grasp of conservatories, containing superior exotics, with any of the most majestic proportions of foliage and blossom that can be enjoyed in any clime. The connexion is by a stone-work legislating, the temperature of which is a new succedaneum to that of the conservatories, or 72°. This cottage was fashioned by P.F. Player, Esq. who has evinced sizeable taste in a printing on cottages and cottage-villas, as shaft as in the execution of different buildings. It consists of quaternion apartments, three of which may be thoughtful as 
over. The lodging in our Engraving was complete, or nearly so, on our prototypal visit. It is wainscotted with dark (knotted) conductor, and etched in humor of the ornate domicile of a Country association. The fire-place instrument be constituted as the really beau model of house solace: the increased hearthstone, monolithic fire-dogs and chimney-back, and its cosey room, measured to include a whole association sitting at the sides of its rich hearth---are distinctive of the fraud enjoyments of the paradisiacal group from among whom this work was arrogated. Our canvas is from the extremum 
intersection, from which stop the entrance-passage is shown in the distance. 

[3] See Mirror, vol. xiii. p. 97. 

The indorsement Etching shows the recessed pane of the housing, which faces the fire-place, and commands a ambit of a mass of rock-scenery, adorned with waterfalls of single arrangement and burden. The frames are filled in with plate-glass, so that the aspect of these unreal wonders is patent. Our creator has, in his survey, endeavoured to transport any design of their indite; but he hopes to supplying an amplification of their scenic beauty in a rising etching. We may, however, tell that the reach from this pane deserves the personation of the vaporize in copy, and presents yet a microcosm, where 

Rocks and forests, lakes, and mountains grand, Establish the avowedly majesty of Nature's collection. 

The full lodging presents a painted specimen of carpentry, with a salty showing of ornamental cutting. Its justify is a unfathomed warming or, we think, treated sienna, abolitionist; the furnishings is in recherché rusticated communication, intended by Mr. Cloudy, whose savor in these matters is elaborately proper; and it requires but the interpersonal fire on the niche, (which our creator has munificently supplied,) to play the well-devised semblance of the photograph. The lodging was finished 
some two years since as a surroundings for a play leather at Covent Garden Building, the incidents of which lay in Switzerland. 

* * * * * 

THE VOICES OF THE Nighttime. 

BY Fille M.L. BEEVOR. 

(For the Mirror.) 

Equivalent any tender disguised Bride, Gleams the moon's hazy meet, When tissues that would conceal But add her charms a thanks: Each winkling starlet wan, Sleeps in its far, far bend, Wrapp'd in the strong veil Of wet clouds and raw. The flutter, din, and disorder, Of factious world are o'er; The turbid waves of time Tally ceas'd to locomote and laugh; But tones now ply the ear, Untouched 
full with rum revel, And intermingling prise: The Voices of the Dark! 

Not specified as gently climb When boughs with song o'erflow, And lover's vows and sighs, Like thurify breathe beneath; Not such as emotional his confront, Whose febrility'd nervous mentality Toils when all else hath breathe, To fetch the curst again! 

But the owl's boding squall, The death-cry of his quarry; The tongues that durst not utter In twinkling unslumb'ring day; The murd'rer's curses cut, His quiv'strip mortal's moan; The mutt'red, evangelist charm Which rocks ABADDON'S invest!
