From the bottom of the cage is covered with moss. Its constant food spreads consisting of fresh beef or mutton, scraped with a fine knife, and equally mixed with the yolk of eggs boiled hard. The owner, however, about once a day, give it the mealworm, he does not believe that this latest delicious is necessary, but only the nightingale is calculated to maintain a better mood. Paste should be changed before it becomes acidic and damaged.

Philomelos.

* * * * *

COMMENTS

Abridged from Natural History Magazine.

Silkworm .-- (A correspondent.) - It happened to me, and I have not seen it remarked elsewhere, as surprising and interesting feature of this insect that does not wander about like all the other tractors do, but that it is almost standing on open box or tray, where it is placed and fed: after consuming the immediate delivery of mulberry leaves, it has to wait patiently for more to be supplied. I hold it not be said of other insects, whatever. This obedient quality worm harmonizes beautifully with its huge importance for mankind and in the furniture material which gives our elegant and beautiful, if not the most useful garment. The same remark applies to insects that fly or moth country, women are quite unable to flight, and men, although much easier to make, and more, can fly, but very incomplete, the latter circumstance provides us eggs for next season, thus completes the adaptation of insects in its different stages to useful purpose is to satisfy our advantage.

The possibility of introducing and naturalizing the beautiful Fire Fly Insect .-- It abounds not only in Canada, where winters are so severe, but the Vaudois villages in Piedmont. These are bad people, many added in English: and after the 10s. decades, it would undoubtedly give Paris boxes properly contrived, any number of these creatures in every stage of their existence, and even the egg, where it will be preferred: and if twenty dozen were found in different parts of England, there can not remain doubt but that a few years, they will be shared with the public, and our summer evenings, it is exquisitely beautiful.

Vigna, his six months in America, says: - "At Baltimore I first saw the fire-fly They begin to occur around sunset, after which they were sparkling in all directions .. in some places ladies wear their hair, and the effect was very brilliant bad boys sometimes catch bull frog. and fasten them all over her. They show a great advantage, but the poor frog, who can not understand the "new light" that violates after giving him the amusement of his tormentors by hopping around state of despair. "

Vampire Bat .-- Bishop Heber opinion on the innocence of this creature in any agreement with what one has read his murderous behavior, and especially in cases of Captain Stedman, in his Travels of Suriname, who more than once, individually, experienced discomfort Sangrado system of blood letting or, more accurately, the blood sampling carried out by the doctor.

Non missura cutern, Nisi Plena cruoris hirudo. "

Hor.

"The leech will suck the vein until the blood from his heart, he gets his fill."

In response to demand, "or Indian vampire and that from South America are from the same species," Mr. Waterton replies, "I'd say that I consider them different species involved. I've never even seen a bat in India is growing by the membrane perpendicular to the end, it nose, nor have I ever had the opportunity to learn that bats suck animals in India, although I doubt many people on this topic. I could only find two bat species of Guyana, increasing with the membranes of the nose. Both of these types of animals suck and eat fruit but not the membrane of the nose bats seem to live entirely on fruits and insects, but mainly insects. Sir, the name of Walcott, of Barbadoes, lived in a high river Demerara. While I was going a day or two at his house, his son Vampires suck boy about ten or eleven years old, some of his chicken and his jack-ass. Youth showed me his forehead at dawn: the wound was still bleeding fast, and I checked it with minute attention to the bad ass was destined to be the victims of these bloody IMPS night:. He looked misery steeped in vinegar. I saw what many sores on his body, and his apparent debility that he would soon sink to his afflictions. Mr. Walcott told me that it was with the greatest difficulty he could keep a few chickens, given the lower vampire, and that the largest of its kind was the murder of his bad ass by inches. It was the only quadruped, he had grown up with him in the forest.
