The bottom of the cage is covered with moss. Its constant food is a paste, which is
composed of fresh beef or mutton, scraped fine with a knife, and in equal portions mixed with
the yolk of an egg boiled hard. The owner, however, about once a-day, gives it also a mealworm;
he does not think this last dainty to be necessary, but only calculated to keep the nightingale
in better spirits. The paste should be changed before it becomes sour and tainted.

PHILOMELOS.

       *       *       *       *       *

NOTES

Abridged from the Magazine of Natural History.

Silkworm.--(By a Correspondent.)--It has occurred to me, and I have not seen it remarked elsewhere,
as a striking and interesting peculiarity of this insect, that it does not wander about as
all other caterpillars do, but that it is nearly stationary in the open box or tray where it
is placed and fed: after consuming the immediate supply of mulberry leaves, it waits patiently
for more being provided. I apprehend this cannot be said of any other insect whatever. This
docile quality of the worm harmonizes beautifully with its vast importance to mankind, in furnishing
a material which affords our most elegant and beautiful, if not most useful, of garments. The
same remark applies to the insect in the fly or moth state, the female being quite incapable
of flight, and the male, although of a much lighter make, and more active, can fly but very
imperfectly; the latter circumstance ensures to us the eggs for the following season, and thus
completes the adaptation of the insect, in its different stages, to the useful purpose it is
destined to fulfil for our advantage.

The Possibility of introducing and naturalizing that beautiful Insect the Fire Fly.--It abounds
not only in Canada, where the winters are so severe, but in the villages of the Vaudois in
Piedmont. These are a poor people much attached to the English: and, at 10s. a dozen, would,
no doubt, deliver in Paris, in boxes properly contrived, any number of these creatures, in
every stage of their existence, and even in the egg, should that be desired: and if twenty
dozen were turned out in different parts of England, there cannot remain a doubt but that,
in a few years, they would be common through the country; and, in our summer evenings, be exquisitely
beautiful.

Vigne, in his Six Months in America, says:--"At Baltimore I first saw the fire-fly. They begin
to appear about sunset, after which they are sparkling in all directions. In some places ladies
wear them in their hair, and the effect is said to be very brilliant. Mischievous boys will
sometimes catch a bull-frog, and fasten them all over him. They show to great advantage; while
the poor frog, who cannot understand the 'new lights' that are breaking upon him, affords amusement
to his tormentors by hopping about in a state of desperation."

The Vampire Bat.--Bishop Heber's opinion of the innocence of this creature by no means agrees
with what one has read of his bloodthirsty habits; and particularly the instances given by
Captain Stedman, in his Travels of Surinam, who, more than once, individually, experienced
the inconvenience of the Sangrado system of blood-letting, or, more properly, blood-taking,
pursued by this practitioner.

  "Non missura cutern, nisi plena cruoris hirudo."

HOR.

  "This leech will suck the vein, until
  From your heart's blood he gets his fill."

In answer to a query, "whether the vampire of India and that of South America be of one species,"
Mr. Waterton replies, "I beg to say that I consider them distinct species. I have never yet
seen a bat from India with a membrane rising perpendicularly from the end of its nose; nor
have I ever been able to learn that bats in India suck animals, though I have questioned many
people on this subject. I could only find two species of bats in Guiana, with a membrane rising
from the nose. Both these kinds suck animals and eat fruit; while those bats without a membrane
on the nose seem to live entirely upon fruit and insects, but chiefly insects. A gentleman,
by name Walcott, from Barbadoes, lived high up the river Demerara. While I was passing a day
or two at his house, the vampires sucked his son a boy of about ten or eleven years old, some
of his fowls and his jack-ass. The youth showed me his forehead at daybreak: the wound was
still bleeding apace, and I examined it with minute attention. The poor ass was doomed to be
a prey to these sanguinary imps of night: he looked like misery steeped in vinegar. I saw,
by the numerous sores on his body, and by his apparent debility, that he would soon sink under
his afflictions. Mr. Walcott told me that it was with the greatest difficulty he could keep
a few fowls, on account of the smaller vampire; and that the larger kind were killing his poor
ass by inches. It was the only quadruped he had brought up with him into the forest.
