The Cage bottom is covered with moss.The constant food offered is a paste made of fresh beef/mutton, scraped fine with a knife, and in equal portions mixed with the Hard boiled Egg yolk.The owner also gives it a meal worm once a day as the last dainty  to keep the nightingale in better spirits rather than having it as a necessity.The paste should be changed before it becomes sour and tainted.

PHILOMELOS.
****

NOTES

Abridged from the Magazine of Natural History.

Silkworm.--(By a Correspondent.)--The peculiarity of the silkworm occurred Interesting and remarkable to me, as it does not wander like the caterpillars and stays nearly stationary in the open box or tray where it is placed and fed. Even after consuming the immediate supply of mulberry leaves, it waits patiently for more being provided.One cannot Any such quality like this in any other insect whatever. This docile quality harmonizes beautifully with its vast importance to mankind, in furnishing a material which affords our most elegant and beautiful garments. The same remark applies to the insect in the fly or moth state, the female being quite incapable of flight, and the lighter active male which can fly but with imperfection.The latter circumstance ensures to us the eggs for the following season, and thus completes the adaptation of the insect in its different stages fulfilling to our advantage.

The Possibility of introducing and naturalizing that beautiful Insect[The Fire Fly] abounds not only in Canada where the winters are so severe, but in the villages of the Vaudois in Piedmont  where poor people much attached to the English deliver any number of these creatures in boxes properly contrived in every stage of their existence for at 10s. a dozen and even in the egg, should that be desired and if twenty dozen were turned out in different parts of England in a few years they would be common through the country and in our summer evenings be exquisitely beautiful.

Vigne, in his Six Months in America, says:--"At Baltimore I first saw the fire-fly. They begin to appear about sunset, after which they are sparkling in all directions. In some places ladies wear them in their hair, and the effect is said to be very pretty brilliant. Mischievous boys will sometimes catch a bull-frog and fasten them all over him. They show to great advantage while the poor frog who cannot understand the 'new lights' that are breaking upon it, affords amusement to his tormentors by hopping about in a state of desperation."

The Vampire Bat.--Bishop Heber's opinion of the innocence of this creature by no means agrees with what one has read of its bloodthirsty habits and particularly the instances given by Captain Stedman, in his Travels of Surinam, who, more than once, individually, experienced the inconvenience of the Sangrado system of blood-letting, or, more properly, blood-taking, pursued by this practitioner.

"Non missura cutern, nisi plena cruoris hirudo."

HOR.

"This leech will suck the vein, until From your heart's blood he gets his fill."

In answer to a query, "whether the vampire of India and that of South America be of one species," Mr. Waterton replies, "I beg to say that I consider them distinct species. I have never yet seen a bat from India with a membrane rising perpendicularly from the end of its nose; nor have I ever been able to learn that bats in India suck animals, though I have questioned many people on this subject. I could only find two species of bats in Guiana, with a membrane rising from the nose. Both these kinds suck animals and eat fruit; while those bats without a membrane on the nose seem to live entirely upon fruit and insects, but chiefly insects. A gentleman, by name Walcott, from Barbadoes, lived high up the river Demerara. While I was passing a day or two at his house, the vampires sucked his son a boy of about ten or eleven years old, some of his fowls and his jack-ass. The youth showed me his forehead at daybreak: the wound was still bleeding apace, and I examined it with minute attention. The poor ass was doomed to be a prey to these sanguinary imps of night: he looked like misery steeped in vinegar. I saw, by the numerous sores on his body, and by his apparent debility, that he would soon sink under his afflictions. Mr. Walcott told me that it was with the greatest difficulty he could keep a few fowls, on account of the smaller vampire; and that the larger kind were killing his poor ass by inches. It was the only quadruped he had brought up with him into the forest.
