Without wishing to attack the absurdity of this childhood disease. " 
"No, no, but when I was doing very well with the idea that he was suffering from a headache that occurs in her butt and sent me to bed as German measles - and now all we have. " 

"Yes," I said, everything I have, all my chicks and their prey - you're the prey, memory, Francesca - Muriel does, it's Nina, Alicia Federico has it and has very little, but he insists on having all the privileges of the worst kind of invalid, and you, Francesca, and I'm scatheless in a position of unlimited power and accountability. " 

"Yes," she said, is terrible, but it will use its power of God. " 

"I am not sure. At first I was like one of those older prisoners Johnnies - Baron Trenck, you know, or Latude - all were weak and soft, when they were finally released, but now that I've had time to think - yes, I've had time to think. " 

"And what is the result of his thoughts?" 

"The result," I said, I am determined to do well. I've learned all their secrets jealously guarded and I have allowed the strong winds of the intelligence of a man to fly through them. I am facing the cook a new system and I'm dealing with traders in a spirit of resolution inexorable. The maid is being brought to the feet and has already begun to leave, his brushes and dust pans are on the floors of the library and drawing room. Stern measures being taken to mop, and Parkins, who raised ex, is gradually being reduced to obedience. Even the garden is feeling a new influence and the potatoes are being planted where potatoes were planted not ever. Everything, in fact, is being reformed. " 

"I warn you," said Francesca, "that his reforms will not be allowed to continue. As soon as you can get rid of German measles will restore everything to its previous state." 

"But that," I said, is the counterrevolution. " 

"It is, and will begin as soon as I get out of bed. " 

"What goes out of the bed with you?" 

"Common sense," said Francesca. 

"Of course, I said. "You are leaving your bed so hard reactionary bureaucratic spirit that almost ruined Russia and is in the process of ruining Germany. It will be like the Empress came loose and began to get away with it again. By the way, Francesca," what to do when the butcher says there is no leg of lamb to Tuesday, or when the dealer refused due amount of sugar? " 

"An Empress," Francesca said proudly, "can not handle sugar or legs of lamb." 

"But suppose that the Czarina has German measles. You can not manage to strike an interest in earthly affairs?" 

"I tell you something," said Francesca. 

"No, I said," I'm dying to hear it. " 

"Well, you better let the intellect that the wind blows strong of a man through them." 

"What I said -" through the leg of lamb? " 

"Yes, you can do without the rump, you know, and many against the carnage." 

"That's a good idea. You're not as bad as I thought you were the measles." 

"Ah," he said, will soon be rid of them completely. " 

"To be honest, I hurry." 

"Long live the counter!" 

"Oh, if you will," he said. 

"Have you given to the children take their medicines and temperature? 

"I'm very close to doing," he said. 

RCL 

* * * * * 

* * * * * 

"The River or Wady Gaza Ghuzzeh a stream bed does not seek large map. But it just divides the desert from the seam. '" - Journal Sunday. 

Being, as it were, by a thread. 

* * * * * 

Excerpts from an article titled "Attractions in London: A Impressions of Australia: - 

"When it's over and we are back where the coyote cries ... when the Rockies are looking at us from their snowy peaks, and the stillness of the night steals through the hills covered with fir ...."-- Sunday Times. 

But what is all this to the longing of the nocturnal howling of Canada kangaroo and wombat song fluttering among the native forest blue gums?
