Unintentionally provide an absurd attack of this childhood disease. "

"No, no, but when I was doing very well with the idea that I was suffering from a headache that happens in it butt and sent me to bed as German measles - and now all we have. "

"Yes," I said, you all I have, all my chicks and their prey - you're the prey, remember, Francesca - Muriel does, it is Nina, Alicia Federico has it and has very little, but he insists on having all the privileges of the worst kind of invalid, and you, Francesca, and I remain scatheless in a position of unlimited power and no accountability. "

"Yes," she said, is terrible, but you will use your strength from God. "

"I'm not entirely sure of that. At first I was like one of those older prisoners Johnnies - Baron Trenck, you know, or Latude - they were all weak and soft when they were released last time, but now I I had time to think - yes, I've had time to think. "

"And what is the result of his thoughts?"

"The result," I said, I'm determined to do well. I've learned all their secrets jealously guarded and I have allowed the strong winds of the intelligence of a man to fly through them. I am facing the cook a new system and I'm dealing with traders in a spirit of resolution inexorable. The maid is being brought to the feet and has already begun to leave, not their brushes and dust pans lie on the floors of the library and drawing the room. Stern measures are being taken with the mop, and Parkins, who raised ex, is gradually being reduced to obedience. Even the garden is to feel the new influence and potatoes are being planted where no potatoes were planted ever. Everything, in fact, is being reformed. "

"I warn you," said Francesca, "that his reforms will not be allowed to proceed. As soon as I can get rid of the German measles I will restore everything to its previous state."

"But that," I said, is the counterrevolution. "

"It is, and will begin as soon as I get out of bed."

"What you going to get out of bed with you?"

"Common sense," said Francesca.

"Absolutely," I said. "You're getting out of bed with you so hard reactionary bureaucratic spirit that almost ruined Russia and is in the process of ruining Germany. It will be like the Empress came loose and began to get away with it again. By the way, Francesca, what do you do when the butcher says there will be no leg of lamb to Tuesday, or when the shopkeeper denied its due amount of sugar? "

"An Empress," Francesca said proudly, "can not concern itself with sugar or haunches of lamb."

"But suppose that the Czarina has German measles. It is not possible to achieve beating an interest in worldly affairs?"

"I tell you something," said Francesca.

"No, I said," I'm dying to hear it. "

"Well, you better let the wind blow strong intellect of a man through them. "

"What I said -" through the leg of lamb? "

Yes, you can do without the rump, you know, and many against the butcher. "

"That's a good idea. You're not as bad as I thought you were measles."

"Ah," he said, "I shall soon be rid of them completely. "

"To tell the truth, I would hurry up."

"Long live the counter!"

"Oh, if you will," he said.

"Have you given the children take their medicine and its temperature?

"I'm very close to doing," he said.

R.C.L.

* * * * *

* * * * *

"The Wady Ghuzzeh or Gaza River, a stream bed which makes no great claim on the map. But it just divides the desert from the stitching. '" - Sunday paper.

Being, as it were, by a thread.

* * * * *

Excerpts from an article titled "Attractions in London: An Australian Impressions: -

"When it's over and we are back where the coyote cries ... when the Rockies are looking at us from their snowy peaks, and the stillness of the night steals through the hills lined with fir ...."-- Sunday Times .

But what is all this to the longing of the nocturnal howling Canadian kangaroo and wombat singing fluttering among the blue-gum native forest?
