In all Spain no province just like those of the North by the settled advance of the country. Bilbao, who was a small trading town that was devastated during the terrible civil wars, has forged ahead in a manner perhaps onlly equalled by Liverppol in their days. Bilbao is now more important and more populous than Barcelona itself. The charming outlet Portugalete is the most flourishing of Spanish ports and is able to be compared with any place in Europe for its commerce and its rapid growth. Viscaya and Asturias want no more civil war, and the Apostolic party may look in vain for any more Carlist risings. More to be feared now are labour troubles or the contamination of foreign anartchist doctrines. The Church and the nation would be on the same side and order of progress. 

In attempting to understand the extremely complex character of Spaniard as we know him which is the Castilian or rather the Madrileno. One has to take in account not only the divers races which go to make up the nationality as it is today. Going back to the days when Spain was a Roman province in a high state of civilisation; some of the greatest Romans know to fame were the following Spaniards; Quintilian, Martial, Lucan and the two Senecas. Trajan was the very first Spaniard that was named Emperor and the only one whose ashes who were allowed to rest in the city walls. The Spanish Freedman of Augustus, Gaius Julius Hyginus, had been made the chief keeper of the Palatine Library. Ballus who was another Spaniard had reached the consulship and was made the honour of a punlic triumph. Hadrian and Marcus Aurelius were other Spaniard. No wonder that Spain is proud to remember these people. 
"Eighty pefect gold years" which Gibbon declares to have been the happiest epoch in mankid's history, nothing less than sixty were passed beneath the sceptre of her Caesars. 

The people who were conquered had became the conquerors. The intermarriage of Roman soldiers and settlers with Spanish women modified the original race. The lberians invaded the politics and literature of their conquerors. St. Augustine mourned the odiosa cantio of Spanish children learning Latin, but the language of Rome itself was altered by its lberian emperors and literati. The races, in fact, amalgamated and the Spaniard of the day who know hime well bears a strange resemblance and look to the Roman citizens with whom the letters of the Younger Pliny so charmingly make us familiar. The dismemberment of the Roman EMpire left Spain wexposed to the inroads of the Northern Barbarians which led indirectly to the subsequent Moorish inrush. For the jews, harrassed by a severe penal code they hailed the Arabs as a kindred race and with their slave they made a common cause with the conquering hordes. 

The Goths seem to have been more armed settlers in teh country. Marriage between them and the lberians was forbidden by the laws. The traces of their occupation are singularly few. Not one description or book of Gothic origin remains and its seems doubtful if any trace of the language can be found in Castilian or any of its dialects. It is strange that there should be so strong of a belief in the influence of Gothic blood in the race. 

In all these wars and rumours of war the men of the hardy North remained practically unconquered. The last to submit to the Roman, the first to throw off the yoke of the Moor, the Basques and Asturians appear to be the representatives of the old inhabitants of Spain, who never settled down under the sway of the invader or acquiesced in foreign rule. Cicero mentions a Spanish tongue which was unintelligent to the Romans. Basque, which is equally so now to the rest of Spain if you believe the modern Castillian, the devil himself has never been able to Master. 

The history of SPain is one to make the heart ache. Some evil influence seems to have brough disaster where her people looked for progress or happiness. Her golden age was just in the short epoch when Isabella of Castile and Gerdinand of Aragon reigned and ruled over the United Kingdoms. It is almost impossible to us who can look back on the long records amost always sad and dis astrous not to doubt whether in giving new world "Castile and Aragon". Cristobal Colon did not impose a burden on the county of his adoption which she was unable to bear, and which became, in the hands of successors of her muy Espanoles y muy Catolicos kings, a curse intead of a blessing. Spain was not sufficiently advanced in political economy to uderstand or cope with the enormous changed which this opening up of a new world had brought.
