In all of Spain and no province has benefited from the north through the fixed deposit of the country. Bilbao, once a small trading town, twice destroyed in the terrible civil wars, for the future to build bridges in a way that perhaps only surpassed by Liverpool in the days of its first growth, and is now more important and more populated than Barcelona itself, with its charming Portugalete outlet, it is the most prosperous of the Spanish ports, and is able to compare with one in Europe for trade and rapid growth. Vizcaya and Asturias is not civil war, and the Apostolic party may vainly seeking additional Carlist uprisings. More to fear now work problems, or infection of foreign anarchist doctrines, but in this case, the Church and the nation would be on the same side - that of order and progress.

In an attempt to extremely complex nature of the Spaniard to understand as we know it - that is, the Castilian, or rather the Madrileño - one has to take into account not only the divers races that go to the nationality it is to-day but something of the history of these remarkable people interesting. To return to the days when Spain was a Roman province in a high state of civilization: some of the largest known Roman fame were Spaniards - Quintilian, Martial, Lucan, and the two Senecas. Trajan was the first Spaniard named emperor, and some of whose ashes were allowed to rest inside the city walls, but the Spanish freedman of Augustus Gaius Julius Hyginus, was made of the main guardian of the Palatine Library and Ballus, another Spaniard, had the consul, and had been given the honor of a public triumph. Hadrian, another Spaniard was a son of Marcus Aurelius and Cordoba. No wonder Spain is proud to remember that the golden eighties perfect "Gibbon, who stated that the happiest period in the history of mankind have been not less than sixty were passed under the scepter of its Caesars.

The conquerors became conquered, the marriages of Roman soldiers and settlers of Spanish women modified the original breed, the Iberians invaded politics and literature of their conquerors. St. Augustine mourned the odiosa Cantio of Spanish children learn Latin, but the language of Rome itself was changed by the Iberian emperors and literati, the races, in fact, merged, and the Spaniard today, to those who know him well, bears a strange resemblance to the Roman citizens with whom the letters of Pliny the Younger, so charming to make us familiar. The disintegration of the Roman Empire left Spain subjected to the invasions of the northern barbarians, and led indirectly to the later Moorish starting current, for the Jews, harassed by a severe penal code, welcomed the Arabs as a kindred race, and their slaves made common cause with the hurdles to overcome.

The Goths seem little more than armed settlers in the country have been. Marriage between them and Hispanics were forbidden by their laws, and the traces of their occupation are singularly few: no inscription or a book of Gothic origin remains, and it seems doubtful whether any trace of the language can be found in Castilian or one of its dialects. It is strange, if this is true, that so strong a belief in the influence of Gothic blood in the race.

In all these wars and rumors of wars the men of the North-hardy was almost overcome. The last to submit to the Roman, the first to bear the yoke of the Moor, the Basque and Asturian appear the representatives of the ancient inhabitants of Spain, who never come to rest under the rule of the occupier or acquiesced in foreign domination. Cicero mentions a Spanish tongue, which was unintelligible to the Romans, it was Basque, which is equally so now the rest of Spain, and which, if you think the modern Castilian, the devil himself was never able to master ?

The history of Spain is a pain in the heart. Some evil influence, some malignant fate, seems ever to have brought disaster in which its people looked for progress and happiness. Its golden age was only in the short time of Isabella of Castile and Ferdinand of Aragon reigned and ruled over the united kingdoms: both were patriotic, both smart, and definitely one of their policies. It is almost impossible for us who can look back on long records, almost always sad and disastrous, not to question or doubt in giving a new world "of Castile and Aragon," Cristobal Colon has a burden on the country of his adoption that she could not bear, and that was in the hands of the successors of its Españoles y Católicos  muy kings, a curse rather than a blessing. Certain it is that Spain was not enough progress in the political economy to understand or cope with the enormous changes that this opening of a new world brought.
