If the tube is screwed into the socket of dust mixed with oleic acid. Water enters the first to make linseed sticky powder. Late oleate time of formation of lime and oleate of lead, on the way to the outside air, it presses into the holes and closes them completely.

After years of using the tube can be easily otvintva and screws perfectly smooth.

With this type of packaging is only one exception must be made - something that only the strong pressure, condensation or vacuum must be carefully avoided .-- Chem. News.

* * * * * *

Illuminated paint.

In response to other questions related to this article, we give this process, William Henry Balmain, the original discoverer of light paint, and other processes. These data were obtained letters patent of the State, the name of the country.

Balmain invention was patented in England in the 1877 and in this country in 1882. It is in the form of improvements in the painting, painting and whitewashing, which has the following characteristics:

The invention consists in a light color, whose body phosphorus compounds, or is part of such a substance and a vehicle such that it is used as a tool in conventional paint compounds, ie 1, which becomes dry by evaporation of oxidation.

Article of the enemy, which paint or varnish or rinse is used by itself are visible in a dark place, more or less capable of transmitting light of other sites in order to make them visible as well. In phosphorescent substance found most suitable for this purpose is a mixture obtained by simply heating together a mixture of limestone and sulfur, or carbonates of lime and sulfur, or some other substance containing in themselves, and lime sulfur - such as as alabaster, gypsum and etc. - With carbon or any other agent to remove part of the oxygen contained therein, or when heated lemon or lime carbonate gas or vapor containing sulfur.

The vehicle must be used to light the paint should be a kind of dry evaporation or oxidation, so that paint can not become soft or liquid by heat or should be easily erased by accident or through the use of devices for which it was applied. It can be any of the cars are widely used in oil painting or any of those commonly used in the so-called "diseases" whitewash or paint, depending on the location and purpose, or are afraid to be used.

These are the best results are obtained by mixing a phosphorescent substance with colorless varnish made from cement or other resinous body and soul or spirit as the paint as thick as convenient to apply with a brush, and with much spirit or spirit, can be added without prejudice to the required thickness. Good results can be obtained from linseed oil, varnishes spirit, glues, pastes, sizes and gelatin solutions of any kind, the choice of changing to meet the object in view or the nature of the articles on hand.

The method of applying the paint, varnish, or wash will depend on the circumstances of the case. For example, it can be applied with a brush, as in conventional painting or by dipping or soaking the article in the paint, varnish, or wash, or a block or type can be used for, as in the press and the like. In foreign policy, or where the surface is illuminated prone to the vagaries of weather or damage resulting from mechanical circumstances it is desirable to cover the glass or if the material will admit it, glaze it to flow, as in the enamel or, as in the ordinary courts, but this can be done without prejudice to the action, even if the thread or red icing requires a high temperature for fusion.

Among other applications of the invention said that may be listed, it is particularly beneficial to provide visible clock or watch parties and other indicators - such as, for example, compasses and scale of the barometer and thermometer - at night or in dark places at night. In applying the invention these and other similar purposes may be used phosphorous bases or dark shadowy figures in the field of law and phosphorescent numerals or letters, choose the former. Additionally, there may be letters and numbers, prepared for use at home and doors at the edges of the street, where it is not convenient and cost-effective to have an external light source, traffic signs and signals, as well as the names or marks to indicate records of roads and gates, and to like.

The invention also relates to painting with light rail cars with phosphorescent paint of the interior, thereby eliminating the need for cost and inconvenience of light passing through the tunnel.
