Still the edifices thus constructed
have never exhibited any tendency to depart from the primitive simplicity so strongly enjoined
by their founder; and, down to the present time, the homes of the Buddhist priesthood are modest
and humble structures generally reared of mud and thatch, with no pretension to external beauty
and no attempt at internal decoration.

[Sidenote: B.C. 289.]

To supply to the ascetics the means of seclusion and exercise, the early kings commenced the
erection of ambulance-halls; and gardens were set apart for the use of the great temple communities.
The Mahawanso describes, with all the pomp of Oriental diction, the ceremony observed by King
Tissa on the occasion of setting apart a portion of ground as a site for the first wihara at
his capital; the monarch in person, attended by standard bearers and guards with golden staves,
having come to mark out the boundary with a plough drawn by elephants.[1] A second monastery
was erected by him on the summit of Mihintala[2]; a third was attached to the dagoba of the
Thuparamaya, and others were rapidly founded in every quarter of the island.[3]

[Footnote 1: Mahawanso, ch. xv. p. 99.]

[Footnote 2: Mahawanso, ch. xx. p. 123.]

[Footnote 3: Five hundred were built by one king alone, the third in succession from Devenipiatissa,
B.C. 246 (Mahawanso, ch. xxi, p. 127). About the same period the petty chiefs of Rohuna and
Mahagam were equally zealous in their devout labours, the one having erected sixty-four wiharas
in the east of the island, and the other sixty-eight in the south.--Mahawanso, ch. xxiv. p.
145, 148.]

It was in all probability owing to the growth of these institutions, and the establishment
of colleges in connection with them, that halls were eventually appropriated for the reception
of statues; and that apartments so consecrated were devoted to the ceremonies and worship of
Buddha. Hence, at a very early period, the dwellings of the priests were identified with the
chaityas and sacred edifices, and the name of the Wihara came to designate indifferently both
the temple and the monastery.

But the hall which contains the figures of Buddha, and which constitutes the "temple" proper,
is always detached from the domestic buildings, and is frequently placed on an eminence from
which the view is commanding. The interior is painted in the style of Egyptian chambers, and
is filled with figures and illustrations of the legends of Gotama, whose statue, with hand
uplifted in the attitude of admonition, or reclining in repose emblematic of the blissful state
of Nirwana, is placed in the dimmest recess of the edifice. Here lamps cast a feeble light,
and the air is heavy with the perfume of flowers, which are daily renewed by fresh offerings
from the worshippers at the shrines.

[Sidenote: B.C. 289.]

In no other system of idolatry, ancient or modern, have the rites been administered by such
a multitude of priests as assist in the passionless ceremonial of Buddhism. Fa Hian, in the
fourth century, was assured by the people of Ceylon that at that period the priests numbered
between fifty and sixty thousand, of whom two thousand were attached to one wihara at Anarajapoora,
and three thousand to another.[1]

[Footnote 1: FA HIAN, Fo[)e] Kou[)e] Ki, ch. xxxviii. p. 336, 350. At the present day the number
in the whole island does not probably exceed 2500 (HARDY'S Eastern Monachism, p. 57, 309).
But this is far below the proportion of the Buddhist priesthood in other countries; in Siam
nearly every adult male becomes a priest for a certain portion of his life; a similar practice
prevails in Ava; and in Burmah so common is it to assume the yellow robe, that the popular
expedient for effecting divorce is for the parties to make a profession of the priesthood,
the ceremonial of which is sufficient to dissolve the marriage vow, and after an interval of
a few months, they can throw off the yellow robe and are then at liberty to marry again.]

As the vow which devotes the priests of Buddha to religion binds them at the same time to a
life of poverty and mendicancy, the extension of the faith entailed in great part on the crown
the duty of supporting the vast crowds who withdrew themselves from industry to embrace devotion
and indigence. They were provided with food by the royal bounty, and hence the historical books
make perpetual reference to the priests "going to the king's house to eat,"[1] when the monarch
himself set the example to his subjects of "serving them with rice broth, cakes, and dressed
rice."[2] Rice in all its varieties is the diet described in the Mahawanso as being provided
for the priesthood by the munificence of the kings; "rice prepared with sugar and honey, rice
with clarified butter, and rice in its ordinary form."[3] In addition to the enjoyment of a
life of idleness, another powerful incentive conspired to swell the numbers of these devotees.
