You'll excuse me mentioning it, sir; but perhaps it isn't everybody, distressed
as we were, that would have carried back that money she found in the meal: but Mary would do
it, even when I said that perhaps it wasn't yours, and that nobody might know whose it was;
which was very wrong of me, no doubt; but one's mind gets weakened by illness and want, and
I couldn't help thinking of the food it would buy us; but Mary wouldn't hear of it. I'm sure
you might trust Mary with untold gold, sir; and it would be a real charity to help her to a
situation, if you knew of such a thing.'

Little deemed Leah that morning, as she handed Mary her quart of meal and the change for her
hard-earned shilling, that she had spoiled her own fortunes, and that she would, ere night,
be called upon to abdicate her stool behind the counter in favour of that humble customer;
and yet so it was. Mr Benjamin could not forgive her dereliction from honesty; and the more
he had trusted her, the greater was the shock to his confidence. Moreover, his short-sighted
views of human nature, and his incapacity for comprehending its infinite shades and varieties,
caused him to extend his ill opinion farther than the delinquent merited. In spite of her protestations,
he could not believe that this was her first misdemeanour; but concluded that, like many other
people in the world, she had only been reputed honest because she had not been found out. Leah
soon found herself in the very dilemma she had deprecated, and the apprehension of which had
kept her so long practically honest--without a situation, and with a damaged character.

As Mary understood book-keeping, the duties of her new office were soon learned, and the only
evil attending it was, that she could not take care of her father. But determined not to lose
her, Mr Benjamin found means to reconcile the difficulty by giving them a room behind the shop,
where they lived very comfortably, till Glegg, recovering some portion of health, was able
to work a little at his trade.

In process of time, however, as infirmity began to disable Mr Benjamin for the daily walk from
his residence to his shop, he left the whole management of the business to the father and daughter,
receiving every shilling of the profits, except the moderate salaries he gave them, which were
sufficient to furnish them with all the necessaries of life, though nothing beyond. But when
the old gentleman died, and his will was opened, it was found that he had left everything he
possessed to Mary Glegg; except one guinea, which, without alleging any reason, he bequeathed
to Leah Leet.

DECIMAL SYSTEM OF COINAGE.

The pounds, shillings, and pence which served for the simple reckonings of our fathers, have
entailed upon us a highly complicated system of accounts since we have become a great commercial
people. Steam-engines, locomotives, and electric telegraphs have multiplied our transactions
a hundredfold, but no adequate labour-saving machinery has been introduced into the counting-house,
where the value of these transactions has to be recorded and adjusted. The simple and scientific
method of computation by what is called the decimal system, is used at this moment, we are
told, by more than half the human race. Not only has it been by law established in most of
the countries of Europe, but throughout the great empires of China and Russia; it is penetrating
the Ottoman Empire; it has obtained a footing in Persia and Egypt; and it is universal in the
United States of America, whence it has made its way into several other transatlantic states.
Among ourselves, the thing is approved and admired in the abstract, but we dread the trouble
it would give us to fall into a method to which we are unaccustomed; and we apprehend, on very
insufficient grounds, that much confusion would arise during the transition. Moreover, it is
to be feared that out of a spirit of prejudice or contradiction, many would not, even under
the penalties of law, adopt the change. At this moment, as is well known, certain classes of
people persist in selling corn and other articles by old local measures, although at the risk
of prosecution. Thus, in Scotland, we still hear of firlots, bolls, and mutchkins, notwithstanding
that these antiquated measures were abolished upwards of twenty years ago.
