"You'll excuse me mentioning it, sir, but perhaps all people, not as we were distressed, that would be refunded that money found in food: But I do it, even when I said that It's probably yours, and did not know whose it was nobody, who could so I was wrong, no doubt, but the mind is weakened by disease and want, and I buy our food can not help thinking of will, but Mary would not hear of it. I'm sure you untold gold, sir can trust me with, and it is a real situation will be donated to help him, if you knew a thing.'

Leah little that morning as she and my diet changed his quart of his hard earned shilling that he had his own bad luck and that first night she is on the counter to be told Behind his humble shit understood that the client side, and yet it was. Mr. Benjamin sincerely forgive his neglect, the more he was confident, had greater trauma is your faith. Also, their short-sighted view of human nature, its infinite shades and varieties and their inability to comprehending, ill vote for him is due from delinquent merited. Despite her opposition, she believed that it was not her first offense, but concluded that like many others in the world, he was revered only because he was honest was found out can not. Leah soon found himself in much doubt he was demoted, and without fear a situation in which it practically honest long - he had, and with a damaged character.

As to Mary understanding the book, were the duties of her new office soon learned, and was only participating in evil, that he could not take care of her father. But determined not to lose him, Mr. Benjamin them, Glegg the store where they were living very comfortably, giving the back of a room, some portion of health means well have found difficulty in unison, their business a little was working.

In the process of time, however, as the infirmity of his house daily to run his shop, Mr. Benjamin began to idle, the father and daughter, moderate wage gains than to get every shilling left the entire management of business He gave them the necessities of life were enough to put up with, though nothing beyond. But when the old gentleman died and his will was opened, it was found that all that was left close to Mary Glegg, a guinea, which he accused without any reason except the will to Leah Leet.

DECIMAL SYSTEM OF COINAGE

Pounds, shillings and pence for those who have served our fathers ordinary reckonings, a highly complex system of accounts entailed on us since we have become a great commercial people. Steam engines, locomotives, and electric wire transactions we multiply a hundred times, but no substantial labor-saving machinery counting house, where the transaction value has been adjusted for the recorded and has been introduced into. What is called the decimal system by computing simple and scientific method, is used currently, we are called by more than half of humankind. Not only is it by law established in most countries in Europe, but throughout the great empire of China and Russia, the Ottoman Empire is penetrating, it enjoys a level of Persia and Egypt, and it is universal in the United States U.S. states where it has made its way into many other transatlantic states. Together, the thing is approved and admired in the abstract, but we fear this trouble to give us a method which we are unaccustomed to fall, and we arrested based on very inadequate, that much confusion transition During arises. Also, it being feared that the spirit is out of bias or conflict, many, under penalty of law will adopt the changes. At this time, as is well known, some sections of people to sell corn and other articles by the old local measures persist, though at the risk of prosecution. Thus, in Scotland, we still firlots, bolls have heard of, and mutchkins, despite over twenty years ago that the old measures were abolished.
