She said she could find none as good as it had in the manuscript. Lord Shaftesbury then requested the favor of being allowed to read carefully, and then he asked the Countess if she had any more, as he would if he had read them all. Having received and read, I was so happy that he decided to print them, and that they are prepared for press, who published with a foreword and highly recommend the sermons praising the author. "

It seems that the sermons were prepared for press, at the instigation of Lord Shaftesbury, by the Rev. William Stephens, rector of Sutton, in Surrey, but the fact that the prologue of his own based on the undoubted fact of his sister, Lady Betty Harris (wife of James Harris of Salisbury, the author of Hermes), who mentioned having written to the dictates of his brother, who at that time being too ill to write himself.

Letters to Michael Aynsworth are very interesting, of his benevolence, serious, and truly pious spirit, and could even now be read with advantage to a young student of theology, but still very serious in many places most of the body the clergy called the Church of England, could have been by no means acceptable to the High Church party, -

"Who would not be considered more of a Protestant Church, or union with the Protestant communion, though claimed by the Christian name, and we have to judge the spirit of Christianity to their own, which God prevent ! not be that men, in time abandon Christianity through its means. "

The eleventh letter in MS. is important because it contains observations on the consequences that must inevitably arise respecting the doctrine of innate ideas Locke. Locke had been a guardian of both the Lord Shaftesbury and his father: -

"Mr. Locke, however much you honor, and as I do, and can vouch for his sincerity as a most zealous Christian believer, has embraced the principles that Mr. Hobbes put in place in the last century, and Tindals been followed by other authors and all of our free time. It was Mr. Locke that struck the blow at home (for the character of Hobbes and the basis of principles servile government removed the poison of his philosophy) , struck at all fundamentals, threw all order and virtue out of the world, and did the same ideas of these (which are the same as those of God), natural and without foundation in our minds. "

It is noteworthy that the volume of sermons printed by Lord Shaftesbury Whichcote should have been republished in Edinburgh in 1742, with a letter of recommendation, a Presbyterian divine, Dr. Wishart, director of the School of Edinburgh. At the very neat reissue of the sermons collected by Dr. Campbell and Dr. Gerard, 4 vols., 8th., Aberdeen, 1751, preceded by the third volume, there is also the preface to Lord Shaftesbury.

S. W. Singer.

Mickleham, 04 June. 1850.

* * * * *

THE REBEL.

Sir, - The hard copy of a song that I included is believed by those who are the best judges, to be the only copy, either printed or in manuscript, now in existence. This may, perhaps, make it acceptable to you, and I'm not a collector of curios, and ask him to do whatever you want with it. The lines are clearly more modern than the motto: because there, I think, two references to different works of the immortal bard of Stratford-on-Avon. But perhaps you think that you copied it, as was sometimes said things are not as good as yours. I do not think, for my part, which was written up after the Great Rebellion. Bishop Christopherson, in my opinion, was a Roman Catholic, but living in England, and we see that he wrote in English. In the document, you will observe, is alien to the texture, as well as the watermark, I can not do very well out, but appears to be a bust of someone, while the rate is quite English, and Thus there is evidence that was printed abroad.

As I give you my real name, I hope that I consider as the exploitation, or who want advice, opinions, as contained in the verses, and by way of protest, allow me to subscribe myself, your obedient servant,

Pacificus.

"The Rebel.

"A new song, or Balade, showing the cross Traytours vanity, and that all men and Loial truth of heart and know you can do without them.

"They count Paz, which is due ydelnes, and he makes hodipekes men and Coward." - Bp. Christopherson, Exh. ag. Rebelde. 1554.

"Say no more of Peace - is disguised cowardice; The child's fear and without heart easily, one thing to be despised.

"That intertwine against daffodills The Pastor Seely, A noble crown to win by more than mine, male branch of the Lawrel.
