She said, she could find none so good as those
    she had in manuscript. Lord Shaftesbury then requested the
    favour of being allowed to peruse it, and having done so, he
    inquired of the Countess if she had any more, as he should like
    to read them all if she had. Having received and read them, he
    was so much pleased, that he resolved to print them; and having
    them prepared for the press, he published them with a preface
    recommending the sermons and highly praising the author."

It appears that the sermons were prepared for the press, at Lord Shaftesbury's instance, by
the Rev. William Stephens, rector of Sutton, in Surrey; but the fact of the preface being by
himself rests on the undoubted evidence of his sister, Lady Betty Harris (wife of James Harris
of Salisbury, the author of Hermes), who mentioned having written it from her brother's dictation,
he being at that time too ill to write himself.

The letters to Michael Aynsworth are very interesting, from their benevolent, earnest, and
truly pious spirit, and might even now be read with advantage by a young student of theology:
but, being very severe in many places upon the greater part of the body of the clergy called
the Church of England, could have been by no means palatable to the High Church party,--

    "Who no more esteem themselves a Protestant Church, or in union
    with those of Protestant communion, though they pretend to the
    name of Christian, and would have us judge of the spirit of
    Christianity from theirs; which God prevent! lest men should in
    time forsake Christianity through their means."

The eleventh letter in the MS. is important on account of the observations it contains on the
consequences which must inevitably arise from Locke's doctrine respecting innate ideas. Locke
had been tutor both to Lord Shaftesbury and his father:--

    "Mr. Locke, much as I honour him, and well as I know him, and
    can answer for his sincerity as a most zealous Christian
    believer, has espoused those principles which Mr. Hobbes set on
    foot in the last century, and has been followed by the Tindals
    and all the other free authors of our time. 'Twas Mr. Locke that
    struck the home blow, (for Hobbes' character and base slavish
    principles of government took off the poison of his philosophy),
    struck at all fundamentals, threw all order and virtue out
    of the world, and made the very ideas of these (which are the
    same as those of God), unnatural and without foundation in our
    minds."

It is remarkable that the volume of Whichcote's Sermons printed by Lord Shaftesbury should
have been republished at Edinburgh in 1742, with a recommendatory epistle, by a Presbyterian
divine, Dr. Wishart, principal of the College of Edinburgh. In the very neat reprint of the
collected sermons given by Dr. Campbell and Dr. Gerard, in 4 vols., 8vo., Aberdeen, 1751, prefixed
to the third volume, we also find Lord Shaftesbury's preface.

    S. W. SINGER.

Mickleham, June 4. 1850.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE REBEL.

Sir,--The printed copy of a song which I inclose is believed, by those who are the best judges,
to be the only copy, either printed or in manuscript, now in existence. That circumstance may,
perhaps, render it acceptable to you: and I am not collector of curiosities, and I beg you
would do what you please with it. The verses are plainly more modern than the motto: for there
are, I think, two allusions to different plays of the immortal bard of Stratford-on-Avon. But
perhaps you will think that he copied from it, as it is said he sometimes did from things not
so good as his own. I do not believe, for my own part, that it was written till after the Great
Rebellion. Bishop Christopherson, I take it, was a Roman Catholic, but resident in England,
and we see that he wrote in English. The paper, you will observe, is foreign by the texture,
as well as by the water-mark, which I cannot very well make out; but it seems to be a bust
of somebody; while the type looks quite English, and therefore it is no proof that it was printed
abroad.

As I give you my real name, I hope you will not consider me as holding, or wishing to recommend,
such opinions as are contained in the verses: and by way of protest, you will allow me to subscribe
myself, your obedient servant,

    PACIFICUS.

"THE REBEL.

"A New Song, or Balade, shewing the naughty conceits of Traytours; that all loial and true-hearted
men may know and eschew the same.

    "They counte Peace to be cause of ydelnes, and that it maketh
    men hodipekes and cowardes."--Bp. Christopherson, Exh. ag.
    Rebel. 1554.

    "Tell me no more of Peace--
      'Tis cowardice disguised;
    The child of Fear and heartless Ease,
      A thing to be despised.

    "Let daffodills entwine
      The seely Shepherd's brow,
    A nobler wreath I'll win for mine,
      The Lawrel's manly bough.
