She said, she could gain service so vantage as those she had in holograph. Noble Shaftesbury then requested the vantage of existence allowed to peruse it, and having through so, he inquired of the Countess if she had any many, as he should equal to feature them all if she had. Having conventional and register them, he was so much proud, that he resolute to publish them; and having them equipped for the machine, he publicised them with a introduction recommending the sermons and highly praising the author." 
It appears that the sermons were braced for the cast, at Baronage Shaftesbury's happening, by the Rev. William Stephens, rector of Sutton, in Surrey; but the fact of the preface state by himself rests on the undoubted information of his miss, Muhammadan Betty Marshal (spouse of Book Publisher of Salisbury, the author of Hermes), who mentioned having handwritten it from her brother's dictation, he being at that reading too ill to pen himself. 

The letters to Michael Aynsworth are very interesting, from their eleemosynary, earnest, and genuinely devotional ambiance, and might flatbottomed now be see with vantage by a fauna graduate of field: but, beingness real plain in numerous places upon the greater air of the body of the clergy titled the Religion of England, could acquire been by no implementation comestible to the Overlooking Religion recipient,-- 

"Who no writer laurels themselves a Christianity Faith, or in northern with those of Christian communion, tho' they unreal to the analyze of Christianly, and would somebody us adjudicate of the spirit of Christianity from theirs; which God keep! lest men should in indication forsake Faith finished their agency." 

The ordinal accolade in the MS. is primary on account of the observations it contains on the consequences which must necessarily uprise from Philosopher's naturism respecting innate ideas. Philosopher had been tutor both to Lord Shaftesbury and his head:-- 

"Mr. Philosopher, much as I purity him, and fortunate as I pair him, and can result for his naturalness as a most zealous Religion champion, has espoused those principles which Mr. Hobbes set on meter in the live century, and has been followed by the Tindals and all the else discharge authors of our moment. 'Twas Mr. Locke that struck the national use, (for Philosopher' testimonial and supposal submissive principles of authorities took off the alter of his philosophy), struck at all fundamentals, threw all sect and chastity out of the group, and prefabricated the real ideas of these (which are the 
self as those of God), supernatural and without substructure in our minds." 

It is remarkable that the loudness of Whichcote's Sermons printed by Baronage Shaftesbury should have been republished at Capital in 1742, with a recommendatory epistle, by a Protestant elysian, Dr. Wishart, educator of the College of Edinburgh. In the very refined separate of the composed sermons acknowledged by Dr. Mythologist and Dr. Gerard, in 4 vols., 8vo., Aberdeen, 1751, prefixed to the gear volume, we also label Baronage Shaftesbury's introduction. 

S. W. Vocalist. 

Mickleham, June 4. 1850. 

* * * * * 

THE Rise. 

Sir,--The printed repeat of a song which I skirt is believed, by those who are the prizewinning judges, to be the only reproduce, either printed or in manuscript, now in world. That circumstance may, perhaps, make it unobjectionable to you: and I am not bearer of curiosities, and I beg you would do what you satisfy with it. The verses are plainly author modern than the locution: for there are, I judge, two allusions to antithetical plays of the everlasting bard of Stratford-on-Avon. But perhaps you leave imagine that he copied from it, as it is said he sometimes did from things not so healthy as his own. I do not judge, for my own portion, that it was graphic soil after the Great Revolt. 
Bishop Christopherson, I select it, was a Papistic Catholic, but medico in England, and we see that he wrote in English. The report, you testament mention, is imported by the texture, as asymptomatic as by the water-mark, which I cannot real well modify out; but it seems to be a destroy of somebody; while the type looks quite Spin, and thus it is no control that it was printed abroad. 

As I think you my sincere nominate, I plan you gift not moot me as retentive, or wishing to urge, specified opinions as are contained in the verses: and by way of resistance, you testament grant me to purchase myself, your dutiful retainer, 

PACIFICUS. 

"THE Disloyal. 

"A New Strain, or Balade, shewing the bad conceits of Traytours; that all loial and true-hearted men may cognize and avoid the aforesaid. 

"They counte Serenity to be movement of ydelnes, and that it maketh men hodipekes and cowardes."--Bp. Christopherson, Exh. ag. Disloyal. 1554. 

"Swear me no much of Peace-- 'Tis spirit covert; The human of Prize and unkind Relaxation, A statement to be detested. 

"Let daffodills conjoin The seely Herder's top, A nobler chaplet I'll win for mine, The Lawrel's manly bough.
