She said, he could find none so nice as those he had in manuscript. Lord Shaftesbury then requested the favour of being allowed to scan it, & having done so, he inquired of the Countess if he had any more, as he ought to like to read all of them if he had. Having received & read them, he was a lot pleased, that he resolved to print them; & having them prepared for the press, he published them with a preface recommending the sermons & highly praising the author."
It seems that the sermons were prepared for the press, at Lord Shaftesbury's instance, by the Rev. William Stephens, rector of Sutton, in Surrey; but the fact of the preface being by himself rests on the undoubted proof of his father, Lady Betty Harris (spouse of James Harris of Salisbury, the author of Hermes), who mentioned having written it from her brother's dictation, he being at that time ill to write himself.
The letters to Michael Aynsworth are fascinating, from their benevolent, earnest, & truly pious spirit, & might even now be read with advantage by a young student of theology: but, being extreme in lots of places on the greater part of the body of the clergy called the Church of England, might have been by no means palatable to the High Church party,--
"Who no more esteem themselves a Protestant Church, or in union with those of Protestant communion, though they pretend to the name of Christian, & would have us judge of the spirit of Christianity from theirs; which God prevent! in case men ought to in time forsake Christianity through their means."
The eleventh letter in the MS. is important on account of the observations it contains on the consequences which must inevitably arise from Locke's doctrine respecting innate ideas. Locke had been tutor both to Lord Shaftesbury & his brother:--
"Mr. Locke, much as I honour him, & well as I do know him, & can answer for his sincerity as a most zealous Christian believer, has espoused those principles which Mr. Hobbes set on foot in the last century, & has been followed by the Tindals & all the other free authors of our time. 'Twas Mr. Locke that struck the home blow, (for Hobbes' character & base slavish principles of government took off the poison of his philosophy), struck at all fundamentals, threw all order & virtue out of the world, & made the ideas of these (which are the same as those of God), unnatural & without foundation in our minds."
It is exceptional that the volume of Whichcote's Sermons printed by Lord Shaftesbury ought to have been republished at Edinburgh in 1742, with a recommendatory epistle, by a Presbyterian divine, Dr. Wishart, principal of the College of Edinburgh. In the tidy reprint of the collected sermons given by Dr. Campbell & Dr. Gerard, in 4 vols., 8vo., Aberdeen, 1751, prefixed to the third volume, they also find Lord Shaftesbury's preface.
S. W. SINGER.
Mickleham, June 4. 1850.
* * * * *
THE REBEL.
Sir,--The printed copy of a song which I inclose is believed, by those who are the best judges, to be the only copy, either printed or in manuscript, now in existence. That circumstance may, perhaps, render it acceptable to you: & I am not collector of curiosities, & I beg you would do what you with it. The verses are plainly more modern than the motto: for there's, I think, four allusions to different plays of the immortal bard of Stratford-on-Avon. But perhaps you will think that he copied from it, as it is said he sometimes did from things not so nice as his own. I do not think, for my own part, that it was written till after the Great Rebellion. Bishop Christopherson, I take it, was a Roman Catholic, but resident in England, & they see that he wrote in English. The paper, you will observe, is foreign by the texture, as well as by the water-mark, which I cannot well make out; but it appears to be a bust of somebody; while the type looks English, & therefore it is no proof that it was printed abroad.
As I give you my actual name, I hope you won't think about me as holding, or wishing to recommend, such opinions as are contained in the verses: & by way of protest, you will let me subscribe myself, your obedient servant,
PACIFICUS.
"THE REBEL.
"A New Song, or Balade, shewing the naughty conceits of Traytours; that all loial & true-hearted men may know & eschew the same.
"They counte Peace to be cause of ydelnes, & that it maketh men hodipekes & cowardes."--Bp. Christopherson, Exh. ag. Rebel. 1554.
"Tell me no more of Peace-- 'Tis cowardice disguised; The kid of Fear & unfeeling Ease, A thing to be despised.
"Let daffodills entwine The seely Shepherd's brow, A nobler wreath I'll win for mine, The Lawrel's manly bough.
