She said she could find no good way, like you, had the manuscript. Lord Shaftesbury then asked for the support to be able to see, and did so, he inquired the countess had more as they liked to read them all if she did. After receiving and reading them, he was so pleased that he decided to print them and have them ready for print, he published with a foreword is recommended sermon and high praise for the author. "

It seems that the sermon was prepared for the press, in the case of Lord Shaftesbury's, by Rev. William Stephens, rector of Sutton, in Surrey, but the fact that the preface is itself based on the undisputed evidence of his sister, Mrs. Betty Harris (wife of James Harris of Salisbury, author of Hermes), who mentioned that his brother, written from dictation, he was then being too ill to write himself.

Michael Aynsworth letters are very interesting, from the benevolent, really, and truly pious spirit, and perhaps even now be read with advantage by a young student of theology, 'but they are very difficult in many parts of the greater part of the body called the Church of England clergy could never be acceptable to the High Church party, -

"Who's all appreciate each other Protestant churches, or in conjunction with those of the Protestant community, while pretending to be a Christian name, and should we judge the spirit of Christianity from their to prevent God! Lest men should be time to abandon Christianity, via its funds .

The eleventh letter in MS. It is important, given the observations, which includes the consequences that must inevitably flow from the teachings of innate ideas Locke respects. Locke was an educator as Lord Shaftesbury and his father: -

"Mr. Locke, as I honor him, and like I know him, and may account for his honesty as the most ardent Christian believers, has espoused the following principles, which Mr. Hobbes set foot in the last century, and was followed by a Tindals all other free artists of our time. "It was Mr Locke, who struck home the morning, (the character of Hobbes' base and slavish principles of government had taken off one's philosophy), struck in all primary, threw all order and virtue in the world and made very ideas (those which are the same as God), artificial and without foundation in our minds. "

It is noteworthy that the volume of printed Sermons Whichcote Lord Shaftesbury should be published in Edinburgh in 1742, with commendatory epistles, the Presbyterian divine, Dr. Wishart, Edinburgh College principal. In a very elegant reprint of the collected sermons by Dr. Campbell and Dr. Gerard, in 4 vols., 8vo., Aberdeen, 1751, prefixed to the third part, can be found Lord Shaftesbury's preface.

S. W. SINGER.

Mickleham, 4 June. 1850th

* * * * *

REBEL.

Sir, - a paper version of the song, which I enclose is believed by those who are the best judges, which is only a copy, either printed or in manuscript, now in existence. This circumstance may be, perhaps, it is acceptable to you: I am a collector of curios, and please do what you please with it. Verses are clearly more modern than the motto for them, I think, two different references to the Bard's immortal plays Stratford-on-Avon. But perhaps they will think that he copied from what is said, that sometimes the things, not as good as his own. I do not believe, for my own party, it was written after the great rebellion. Bishop Christopherson, I take it, was a Roman Catholic, but resident in England, and we see that written in English. Paper, you watch, according to a foreign textures, as well as water-mark, which I can very well tell, but it seems to be a bust someone, while type looks quite English, and therefore no evidence that it was printed abroad.

As I told you my real name, I hope you will consider me for possession, or wish to recommend that such views are contained in the verses: a form of protest, you will allow me to subscribe myself, your obedient servant,

Pacificus.

"REBEL.

"A New Song or Balade, issue of Naughty Traytours conceit that all honest loial and people can know and avoid the same.

"They counte ydelnes peace cause, and that the men do and hodipekes cowardes." - BP. Christopherson, EXH. AG. Rebel. 1554th

"Tell me more about peace - 'Tis veiled cowardice, fear and heartless child calm, the matter should be taken seriously.

"The flight enlace daffodills Seely Shepherd eyebrows, nobler wreath will be a win for the mining, Lawrel branch is manly.
