But when Guilthdacus had thus obtained the [Sidenote: A tempest.] victorie and prey,
suddenlie therevpon arose a sore tempest of wind and weather, which scattered the Danish fleete,
and put the king in danger to haue béene lost: but finallie within fiue daies after, [Sidenote:
Guilthdacus landed in the north.] being driuen by force of wind, he landed in Northumberland,
with a few such ships as kept togither with him.

Beline being then in that countrie, prouiding for defense against his brother, vpon knowledge
of the king of Denmarks arriuall, caused him to be staied. Shortlie after, Brenne hauing recouered
and gotten togither the most part of his ships that were dispersed by the discomfiture, and
then newlie rigged and furnished of all things necessarie, sent word to his brother Beline,
both to restore vnto him his wife wrongfullie rauished by Guilthdacus, and also his lands iniuriouslie
by him seized into his possession. These requests being plainlie and shortlie denied, Brenne
made no long delaie, but spéedilie made toward Albania, and landing with his armie in a part
thereof, incountred with his brother Beline néere vnto a wood named [Sidenote: Calater wood
is in Scotland.] as then Calater, where (after cruell fight, and mortall battell betwixt them)
at length the victorie abode with the Britains, and the discomfiture did light so on the Norwegians,
that the most of them were wounded, slaine, and left dead vpon the ground.

Hereby Brenne being forced to flée, made shift, and got ouer into Gallia, where after he had
sued to this prince, at length he [Sidenote: Seguinus or Seginus duke of the Allobrogs, now
the Delphinat of Sauoy.] abode, and was well receiued of one Seguinus or Seginus duke of the
people called then Allobrogs (as Galfrid of Monmouth saith) or rather Armorica, which now is
called Britaine, as Polychronicon, and the english historie printed by Caxton, more trulie
maie seeme to affirme. But Beline hauing got the vpper hand of his enimies, assembling his
councell at Caerbranke, now called York, tooke aduise what he should doo with the king of Denmarke:
where it was ordeined, that he should be set at libertie, with condition and vnder couenant,
to acknowledge himselfe by dooing homage, to hold his land of the king of [Sidenote: The Danes
tributarie of the Britains.] Britaine, and to paie him a yéerelie tribute. These couenants
being agréed vpon, and hostages taken for assurance, he was set at libertie, and so returned
into his countrie. The tribute that he couenanted to paie, was a thousand pounds, as the English
chronicle saith.

[Sidenote: The foure high waies finished.] When Beline had thus expelled his brother, and was
alone possessed of all the land of Britaine, he first confirmed the lawes made by his father:
and for so much as the foure waies begun by his father were not brought to perfection, he therefore
caused workmen to be called foorth and assembled, whom he set in hand to paue the said waies
with stone, for the better passage and ease of all that should trauell through the countries
from place to place, as occasion should require.

[Sidenote: The Fosse.] The first of these foure waies is named Fosse, and stretcheth from the
south into the north, beginning at the corner of Totnesse in Cornewall, and so passing foorth
by Deuonshire, and Somersetshire, by Tutherie, on Cotteswold, and then forward beside Couentrie
vnto Leicester, and from thence by wild plaines towards Newarke, and endeth [Sidenote: Watling
stréet.] at the citie of Lincolne. The second waie was named Watling stréete, the which stretcheth
ouerthwart the Fosse, out of the southeast into the northeast, beginning at Douer, and passing
by the middle of Kent ouer Thames beside London, by-west of Westminster, as some haue thought,
and so foorth by S. Albons, and by the west side of Dunstable, Stratford, Toucester, and Wedon
by-south of Lilleborne, by Atherston, Gilberts hill, that now is called the Wreken, and so
foorth by Seuerne, passing beside Worcester, vnto Stratton to the middle of Wales, and so vnto
a place called Cardigan, at the Irish sea. The [Sidenote: Erming streét.] third way was named
Ermingstréet, which stretched out of the west northwest, vnto the east southeast, and beginneth
at Meneuia, the which is in Saint Dauids land in west Wales, and so vnto Southampton.
