But when Guilthdacus had thus obtained the [Side note: A tempest.] victories and prey, suddenly thereupon arose a sore tempest of wind and weather, which scattered the Danish fleet, and put the king in danger to have been lost: but finally within flue dies after, [Side note: Guilthdacus landed in the north.] being driven by force of wind, he landed in Northumberland, with a few such ships as kept together with him. 
Beeline being then in that countries, providing for defense against his brother, upon knowledge of the king of Den marks arrival, caused him to be stayed. Shortly after, Berne having recovered and gotten together the most part of his ships that were dispersed by the discomfiture, and then newly rigged and furnished of all things necessaries, sent word to his brother Beeline, both to restore veto him his wife wrongfully ravished by Guilthdacus, and also his lands injuriously by him seized into his possession. These requests being plainly and shortly denied, Brenna made no long delay, but speedily made toward Albania, and landing with his armies in a part thereof, encountered with his brother Beeline neared Vento a wood named [Side note: Clatter wood is in Scotland.] as then Clatter, where (after cruel fight, and mortal battle between them) at length the victory abode with the Britain, and the discomfiture did light so on the Norwegians, that the most of them were wounded, saline, and left dead upon the ground. 
Hereby Berne being forced to flee, made shift, and got outer into Gallia, where after he had sued to this prince, at length he [Side note: Seguin’s or Sejanus duke of the Allegros, now the Delphi Nat of Savoy.] abode, and was well received of one Seguin us or Sejanus duke of the people called then Allegros (as Glared of Monmouth south) or rather Armorica, which now is called Britanie, as Polychromic, and the English histories printed by Caxton, more truly may seem  to affirm. But Beeline having got the viper hand of his enemies, assembling his council at Canebrake, now called York, took advise what he should do with the king of Denmark: where it was ordained, that he should be set at liberty, with condition and under cotenant, to acknowledge himself by doing homage, to hold his land of the king of [Side note: The Danes tributary of the Britain’s.] Britain, pay him a yearly tribute. These covenants being agreed upon, and hostages taken for assurance, he was set at liberty, and so returned into his countries. The tribute that he covenanted to pay, was a thousand pounds, as the English chronicle south. 
[Side note: The four high ways finished.] When Beeline had thus expelled his brother, and was alone possessed of all the land of Britain, he first confirmed the laws made by his father: and for so much as the four ways begun by his father were not brought to perfection, he therefore caused workmen to be called fourth and assembled, whom he set in hand to pace then  said wise with stone, for the better passage and ease of all that should travel through the countries from place to place, as occasion should require. 
[Side note: The Fosse.] The first of these four ways is named Fosse, and stretched from the south into the north, beginning at the corner of Tautness in Crone well, and so passing fourth by Devonshire, and Somersetshire, by Tottery, on Cottonwood, and then forward beside Country into Leicester, and from thence by wild plains towards Newark, and ended [Side note: Welting street.] at the city of Lincoln. The second way was named Welting street, the which stretched over the  Fosse, out of the southeast into the northeast, beginning at Dourer, and passing by the middle of Kent over Thames beside London, by-west of Westminster, as some have thought, and so fourth by S. Albans, and by the west side of Duns table, Stratford, Toadeater, and Wed on by-south of Lille borne, by Atherton, Gilberts hill, that now is called the Weaken, and so fourth by Severna, passing beside Worcester, unto Stratton to the middle of Wales, and so unto a place called Cardigan, at the Irish sea. The [Side note: Erring street.] third way was named Erring street, which stretched out of the west northwest, unto the east southeast, and beignets at Manuela, which is in Saint Dudes land in west Wales, and so unto Southampton.
