[FN # 98] So to Sect does not want to competent teachers, it can be proud of in its Ten-K (1648-1699), whose religious insight was unsurpassed by any other Master of age in getsu Shi, who was a commentator various Zen books, and died in 1764, men in their Zan (1683-1769), whose tireless work in the description of what Zen really is not very valuable, and their Getsu-SHU (1618-1696) and Men-Zan (1635 - 1714), whose writings of the Reformation faith is ascribed. Also, Rin ZAI sect in Gu-up (1579-1661); in Isshi (1608-1646); at Taku-an (1573-1645), the favorite teacher of third Shogun, Iye-Mitsu; Haku-in at (1667 -1751), the greatest masters of the day ZAI Rin, whose extraordinary personality and work of regeneration is due to the sect, and his-ray (from 1721 to 1792), learned disciple of Haku-in. Zen of important books written by these masters, Ji-Ro-tan-relatives, with ten-Kay, Men-Zan Co-Roku, a man-Zan; Ya-Sen Kwan-WA, Soku-Ko Roku, Qui-a movement-koku, Kei-so-doku Zui with Haku-in, Mon-Shu-Jin MU to Ron from to-ray are well known.

This was around the middle of this period that forty-seven vassals of Ako shows the spirit of the samurai by their perseverance, sacrifice and loyalty, and vengeance is the enemy of the deceased master. The leader of these men's tragic history which can never be said or heard without tears, was Yoshi-O (O-Ishi died 1702), a believer of Zen, [Fn # 99] and his tomb in the cemetery the church of Saint-gaku NE, Tokyo, is daily visited by hundreds of his admirers. Most of the professional swordsmen who have one class in those days practiced Zen. Mune-nori [FN # 100] (Ya-gyu), for example, established his reputation on a combination of Zen and the art of fencing.

[FN # 99] See "Zen Shu" no 151.

[FN # 100] It is known as Ta-Jima practicing Zen in the Taku-one.

The following story of Boku-day (Tsuka-hara), a great swordsman, fully illustrates this trend:

On some occasion Boku-ditch with a ferry crossing in the province of Omi Yabase. There was among the passengers a Samurai, tall, broad-shouldered, apparently an experienced fencer. He rude to fellow travelers, and speaks so much of their skill in the art that Boku-ditch provoked by his bank, broke the silence. "You seem, my friend, practice art to defeat the enemy, but do not to be conquered," said Boku-day. " O monk, "asked a man as Boku-day roll on a Zen monk," what school of swordsmanship you belong to? Well, is conquering my enemy-free-fighting school. "Do not tell a fib, an old monk. If you could beat the enemy without fighting, then this is your sword? "My sword is not to kill but to save," said Boku-day, which makes use of Zen phrases, "my art is transmitted from mind to mind." "Now then, come, monk, challenged man," let's see, right now, which is a winner, you or I. " Glove is picked up without hesitation. "But we should not fight," said Boku-ditch "in the ferry, lest the passengers should be hurt. There they saw a small island. There will decide the contest." For this proposal and agreed human boat is pulled to that island. As soon as the boat reached the shore by a man jumped in the ground and shouted: "Come, monk, quickly, quickly!" Boku-day, however, slowly rising, said: "Do not hurry to lose your head. This is a rule of my school to prepare to fight slowly, keeping people in the abdomen." So saying he took the paddle from the boatmen and boat grebyaha back to some distance, leaving only a man who, stamping the ground madly cried: "Oh, you flying monk, you coward. Come, old monk!" "Listen," said Boku-den, "this is the secret art of conquering enemy-without-fighting school. Try not to forget it, nor to tell anyone else." Thus, getting rid of ornery, Boku-ditch and his fellow passengers safely landed on the opposite bank. [# 101 FN] The O Baku School of Zen was introduced by Yin Yuen (In-Gen) that have gone to sea in 1654, accompanied by a very clever student. [FN # 102] of the shogun gave him room of land in Uji, near the Kyo-to, and in 1659 he built there a monastery Chinese style of architecture, now known as the Baku-O-san.
