These all together as a Christian dogma, is certainly hard hit by scientific evidence of evolution (but only one dogma fairly be said to be so) and, as a logical form based on the entire plan, they certainly appeared at first glance it is necessary to include in the their destruction of the entire superstructure. But the question is whether, after all, they were destroyed for pure agnostic. In other words, whether my principles are not as applicable in turning the flank of infidelity here as everywhere else.

First, as far as Adam and Eve, to observe, for starters, that long before Darwin, a story about a man in paradise has been recognized by thoughtful theologians as allegorical. Indeed, to read without prejudice to the eyes, the first chapters of Genesis should always saw the song as opposed to history, neither could have ever been mistaken for history, but for the pre-conceived ideas on the question of inspiration. However, in pure agnostics should be as preconceived ideas, so that today there is no assumption should be filed against him are inspired, just because it's proven not to be history - and that, even though we can not see what is allegorical. For, supposing it inspired, it certainly has done good service in the past and may do so at present, giving allegorical, though not literally, the starting point for the divine plan of redemption.

Evidence of natural and revealed religion relationship.

It is often said that the evolution of organic forms gives as good evidence of design as they would their special creation, because all the facts of adaptation, in which evidence are there in both cases. But here it is overlooked that the very question at issue, then prayed. The question is, Are these the facts of adaptation in itself sufficient proof of the design as their cause? But if it be allowed, because they have to be, that under the hypothesis of evolution by natural causes adjustments fact belong to the same category as all the other facts of nature, no more special argument for design can be based on these facts than any other in nature. So the fact that adjustment, as well as all other facts, are only available as arguments for the design when it is assumed that all natural causation is mental in character: the assumption that only begs the question of design anywhere. Or, in other words, assuming their after due to natural causes, the fact adaptations are then available as in itself good evidence of design, where it has been assumed that, where due to natural causes, they are because of the design.

Natural religion resembles a revealed religion in this. Suppose both divine, both are arranged so that, as far as it may lead us, is just enough evidence of design to awaken serious attention to this issue. In other words, in relation to both the attitude of pure reason to be pure agnosticism. (Please note that the inadequacy of teleology, or design in nature, to prove theism is expressly recognized more and more intellectual Christians of all ages, even though such recognition has become more than a general Darwin. At this point I may refer especially Pascal [76], and many other authors.) This is another striking analogy between nature and revelation, thinking that they both emanated from the same author - that is quite the same way as the identity development of both methods.

Suppose the hypothesis of design in both to be true, it follows that in both of these hypotheses can equally be verified only the direct authority of intuition - that is, otherwise the human fear that complements the rational. Here again we note the analogy. And if a man has this additional way of bringing up the truth (as a hypothesis), it will be his duty to exercise their spiritual vision in the search for God in nature and in revelation, when it was (still on our hypothesis that ' God, and rewarder of them that diligently seek him ') he will find that his subjective evidence of God in nature and each other in Revelation will confirm each other - so yielding additional evidence that his reason.

Teleology of Revelation supplements that nature, so that the spiritual man, they are logical and mutually confirm each other.
