These together with the Christian dogmas, undoubtedly, hard scientific evidence of evolution (you can only hit doelrago dogmas, but it is pretty), photography, and to configure the entire rationale of the plan, they must appear at first glance to make sure to participate in their destruction of the superstructure is complete. But the question whether, in the end, they were destroyed on the net can be an agnostic. That is, my principles or to the place where the negative aspects of turning the other does not apply. 

First, as Adam and Eve, observed, in the first place, long before Darwin's Paradise in the story as an allegory of man recognized by thoughtful theologians regards. In fact, to read eyes prejudice, the first chapters of Genesis should not be always seen from the record high was supposed to be: not a history of ever was wrong, but on preconceived ideas about the problem of inspiration. However, preconceived ideas that should be in a pure agnostics; I have now estimated that, not only is it historic because it was proven to be filed against inspiration - and this even though we can not see what the allegorical. For it inspired raeteoyo, certainly in the past had good service, so as to be present, but not an allegory about God's plan to award a literal, provides a starting point. 

The nature of religion in public, compared with the evidence. 

The evolution of organic form, it is often their special production, with all the facts of adaptation, which consists of evidence, where in both cases, the design was to provide good evidence. But here's the problem it is a very overlooked issue is that I beg of you. The problem, as the cause of their adaptation of the design is sufficient evidence these facts do rather than what is it? But if it is accepted, it turned out, the fact that natural causes adaptive evolution under the hypothesis of a different nature in the same category as all the facts and more about the design can be based on the fact that no longer belongs to the special factors must be Nature of any other person. I like all the other facts of adaptation in fact, only when used as an argument to design the all-natural causes is one of the mental character: some assumptions that just anywhere, but it is estimated that the design of a funny question. Or, in other words, they are due to natural causes doeeotgie adapt the truth, and then design, rather than using the best evidence available, it is already due to the ... as a natural occurrence, they are home because of the imaginative designs. 

Natural religion is the religion is similar to the public. I like playing one of the two holy, both because so long as it is ready to lead us, there is ample evidence in the design, the only question it will stimulate a serious interest. In other words, as regards both, ought to be the attitude of pure reason, pure agnostic. (Observed, but this recognition is a more general inability of the teleology, or design in nature, sure, of all ages, all the more pointed explicitly recognized by Christ, and after proving Darwin. I can refer to Pascal at this point In particular [76], and many other writers.) This is noticeable between the natural and the other non-system, two raetdoeneun have emanated from the same author - so much so that all development is of how to ID. 

In fact, both crash land on the design of the hypothesis, it follows that the two hypotheses, all of the institutions only by immediate intuition can see - namely, the human is a reasonable complement to arrest the other modes. Here again, we note the analogy. And if a guy like), it is their duty to nature of God's revelation, when the (still present our hypothesis that 'God, as the search of his spiritual vision exercise is hypothetical the highest truth (the magazine supplements modes have, and they diligently '), the subjective nature of God himself in Revelation and other evidence that one of the other - so his four euros yielding additional evidence that would corroborate his pursuit to find is the rewarder. 

It's a natural teleology of Revelation, and that men are spiritually minded mutual assured logically complement each other.
