At the House of Durham,the nuptials were commemorate with splendor rites,the princely residence of the Earl of Northumberland,at the end who appears to have been particularly,as got celebrated but two months previous to the death of Edward VI.who was dangerously sicke, being unable to attend,gave costly gifts as marks of his formal permission.At the same time,Three marriages, held, as per chronicler Stow.

Footnote 3: the Duke of Northumberland's fourth son,Lord Gilford married Lady Jane who was the Duke of Suffolk's daughter,whose mother was alive at that time,she was daughter to Mary, King Henrie's sister,who got married to the French king, and after to Charles, Duke of
Suffolke.otherside,the Earle of Pembroke's eldest son married Lady Katharine,who was duke's second daughter.And Martin Keie's gentleman porter got tie up with the third daughter of the Duke of Suffolke,mary. And Lord Hastings,Earle of Huntington's son,married, youngest daughter to the Duke of Northumberland,Katharine. 

Durham House, which  occupied the covering space of ground on the southern side of the Strand,now occupied by Adelphi,the stately pile of buildings was erected, according to Stow,[4] in the reign of Edward III., by Thomas de Hatfield, created Bishop of Durham in 1345. Pennant,[5] however, but upon what authority does not appear, traces its foundation to a period prior to the abovementioned, that of Edward I., he said it was erected by Anthony de Beck, patriarch of Jerusalem and Bishop of Durham, but again renoved by Bishop Hatfield.  Tonstal, the then bishop,exchanged Durham House with Henry VIII in the year In 1534,and created "Cold Harborough,mansion in Thames Street,and got converted by into a royal palace. During this period,a famous tournament,was held at Westminster commencing on "Maie daie," and continuing on the five following days,after which, says Stow, "the challengers rode to Durham Place, where they kept open household, and feasted the king and queene with her ladies, and all the court.In the reign of Edward VI., a mint under the direction of Sir William Sharington.was established at Durham House by the ambitious Thomas Seymour.

This mansion was  accorded on the princess Elizabeth brother Edward VI, during her mid life. when it became the residence of the Earl of Northumberland, and the scene of those important transactions gave a strenuous effort to relate. after  Elizabeth died, Sir Walter Raleigh, to whom the mansion had been given by that queen, was obliged to surrender it to Toby Matthew, the then Bishop of Durham,result made the reversion granted to that see by queen Mary, who regarded the previous exchange as a  the stealing of anything consecrated to the service of god. 

In the year 1608, the owners of Durham House, says Strype were old, ruinous, and ready to fall, and very unsightly in so public a passage to the Court of Westminster," were collapse and a building called the New Exchange erected on their site, by the Earl of Salisbury. It was built partly on the plan of the Royal Exchange; the shops or stalls being principally occupied by miliners and sempstresses. It was inaugrate with great state by James I., and his queen,"Bursse of Britain.

 
 In the year 1640, the estate of Durham House was purchased of the see, by Philip, Earl of Pembroke and Montgomery, for the annual sum of 200l., when the mansion was collapsed, and numerous houses erected on its site; and in 1737, the New Exchange was also wreck to make room improve further. 

the whole estate was purchased of the Earl of Pembroke at the end of last century, by four brothers of the name of Adam,also named as the Adelphi, from the Greek word  brothers, has erected the whole building.
