The great poet of affairs, philosophy, and sentiment confided to the propietors of Le Constitutional a new chapter of his romanticized memoirs. They were to be published in the feuilleton of that journal, under the name of "Genevieve." This occured before the poet left the scenes of his triumphs and misfortunes for his visit to the East. This work promises to surpass in attractive interest anything Lamartine has given to the public in many years. It will be translated as rapidly as the advanced sheets of it are received here by Mr. Fayette Robinson. His thorough apprehension and enjoyment of the nicest delicacies of the French language, and free and manly style of English, qualify him to do the fullest justice to an author and subject. Upon its completion, the publishers of The International will issue that version of "Genevieve." A specimen of its quality is given in the following characteristic description, of Marseilles, premising that the work is dedicated to "Mlle. Reine-Garde, seamstress, and formerly a servant, at Aix, in Provence."

"Before beginning with the history of Genevieve, this series of stories and dialogues used by country people, it is necessary to define the spirit which animated their composition and to tell why they were written. I should also explain why I dedicate this first story to Mlle. Reine-Garde, seamstress and servant at Aix in Provence. This is the reason.
"I had spent a part of the summer of 1846 at that Smyrna of France, called Marseilles. The commercial activity of that city has become the chief ladder of national enterprise, and the general rendezvous, of those steam caravans of the West, our railroads. Marseilles is a city of Attic taste which justifies it in assuming to itself all the intellectual cultivation, like the Asiatic Smyrna, inherent in the memory of great poets. I lived outside of the city, the heat of which was too great for an invalid, in one those villas formerly called bastides. It was so contrived as to enable the occupants during the calmness of a summer evening to watch the white sails and look on the motion of the southern breeze. Never did any other people imbibe more of the spirit of poetry than does that of Marseilles. So much does climate do for it.

"I dwell in a little villa, the garden of which opened by a gateway to the sandy shore of the sea. There was a long avenue of plane trees between it and the water, behind the mountain of Notre Dame de la garde, and almost touching the little lily-bordered stream which surrounded the beautiful park and villa of the Borelli. As it tossed on its couch and pillow of sand, we heard at our windoes every motion of the sea. When the garden gate was opened, the sea foam reached almost the wall of the house, and seemed to withdraw so gradualy as if to deceive and laugh at any hand which would seek to bedew itself with its moisture. I spent hour after hour seated on a huge stone beneath a fig-tree, looking on that mingling of light and motion which we call the Sea. Occasionally the sail of a fisherman's boat, or the smoke which hung like drapery above the pipe pf a steamer, rose above the chord of the arc which formed the gulf, and afforded a relief to the monotony of the horizon.

"On working days, this vista was almost a desert, whereas on Sunday, it was made lively by groups of sailor, rich and idle citizens, and whole families of mercantile men who came to bathe or rest themselves, there enjoying the luxury both of the shade and of the sea. The voices of men, women and children united with the babbling of the waves. Many boats wither by sails or oars, were wafted around the extremity of Cape Notre-Dame de la Garde, with its heavy grove of shadowy pines. When the crossed the gulf, they touched the very margin of the water in order to be able to reach the opposite bank. We could even hear the palpitations of the sail, as well as cadence of the oars, conversaton, song, the laughter of the merry flower and orange-girls of Marseilles, those true daughters of the gulf, so passionately fond of the wave, and devoted to the luxury of wild sports with their native element.




"Except for the patriarchal family of the Rostand, that great house of ship-owners, which linked Smyrna, Athens, Syria and Egypt to France by their various enterprises, and to whom I had been indebted for all the pleasures of my first voyage to the East; with the exception of M. Miege, the general agent of all our maritime diplomacy in the Mediterranean, with the exception of Joseph Autran, that oriental poet who refuses to quit his native region because he prefers his natural elements to glroy, I knew but few persons at Marseilles. I did not want to know anyone and sought isolation and leisure, leisure and study.
