Before leaving to the East the great poet who is well versed with philosophy ,affairs and sentiment confided to the owners of Le constitutionel that he is going to publish a new chapter of his momoirs which is named as Genevieve in the feuilleton  of that journal.This work  which supplied lot of enjoyment to its readers for many years will be translated by Mr.Fayette Robinson,who has done full justice towards this work and to the author.This new version of Genevieve will be issued to the publishers of "The International".
             This series of stories and dialogues were used by country people, before the narration of the history of Genevieve. From this we can assume the spirit which contained in its composition and its purpose. The reason for the dedication of this story to Mile.Reine-garde, seamstress and servant at Aix in provence is narrated here.
       I have  lived a portion of the summer of 1846 in a city called Marseilles in the Smyma of France. I lived outside the city where the heat was unbearable.I lived in a villa which was formerly known as bastides which was contrived to make us live in the calmness of a summer evening.Here the nature is very attractive with the white sails and beautiful motion of southern breeze.The climate and nature imbibe us to the spirit of poetry. 
          The garden of the little villa open to the sandy shore of the sea. There is a long avenue of plane trees in between the sea and the villa. We can hear every motion of the sea from our windows and when the garden gate is open the sea will reach till the wall of the house. I used to sit on a huge stone beneath a fig-tree enjoying the sight of the sea.From time to time there may coime a fishernam's boat or a steamer  for a relief to the monotony of the horizon.
           The vista is almost desert on working days but on sundays it is lively with the groups of sailors, rich and idle citizens, and  famililies of merchants who visit here to bathe or enjoy the luxury of sea and shade. The mingled sounds of these enchanted people with the babbling of the waves make the shore alive.
