Tish Mangan, a medical student had a bad temper. She had not been invited. Dr Mangan, her father, had removed his name from the invitation list. Tishy did not protest; although her father claimed that household affairs were left in the ladies hand, in truth their hands were wrapped in his and it was unwise not to respond to their pressure. While Tishy submitted to the fact she would not attend the part, she found no reason to deny herself a comforting sulk. She would still avenge tyranny on Larry. And she did not care if Master Coppinger owned Coppinger's Court or even Dublin Castle. Despite what her father thought, she was not interested in Larry. She was also worried what she would say to Ned Coherty who she had invited to the party. This made Tishy sulky and resentful of her fathers control who wish to tie her to Coppinger's Court and to Larry. 





The evening continuted. It got hotter and hotter, people scream, ate and romped. The seniors did drank much punch which was served as Mrs Mango's cuckoo clock struck midnight. Everyone was wearing decorated head mass. A matron placed a dunce's cap on Larry and the same Matron insisted he had to select a 'young lady', lead her to the stop of the stair case and kiss her wherever he liked.




People forget the reticence of childhood. Those things that bring agoncy and offence are forgetten. So it was that no one noticed Larry's discomfort although it was plain to see. Instead Mr.s Whely, the arbitrator exclaimed he had great lips and was a 'naughty boy'. Further, if he failed to accept the challenge he must perform a worse one.






Larry, forgetting the dunce's cap, was overwhelmed by the social pressure around him; all shining eyes and teeth. He caught Tishy's eyes, which were amused and fill of scrorn. Responding to the contemptment he crossed the floor, swept off the hat, bowed and offered Tish his arm. 








The Big Doctor laughed and the the guests chorused approval. Tishy was forced to accept, the door was held open then shut behind them.



Lary was silent and angry as he climbed the stairs and Tishy had to follow as her hand gripped his elbow. Larry stopped one step short of the top which Tishy stood on then turned to face him. They were both angry and resentful they had been forced to this absurd position and they stared at each other. 

In insolence, Tishy asked if he would take her shoe puckle or her lips and poked her foot out over the edge of the step. 

Anger pulsed in Larry. He would not sit by while she laughed at him. He mounted her steps beside her, 'I'll have your lips!'

Like a school boy he roughly threw his arms round her shoulders. Although she was a bit taller, she did not pull away. She could feel her emotions towards him changing. It made her curious. She looked in his eyes then put her lips on his. 

The passion of anger had spread to his lips and was met by hers. They were silent for a moment; Larry was a little out of breath and bewildered. He was not sure what to do next.
