He found himself included in kissing with Tishy Mangan who is a  red-headed medical student.Dr. Mangan had struck his name from the list of guests.Tishy was in bad temper as she was compelled by her father and she do not have the capacity to protest him.Dr.Mangan was of conduct  saying that household affairs are in the hands of the ladies and that hands lay within his.So to avoid  herself from the tyranny she described Larry to herself.She was not at all bothered about  the Master Coppinger whether he is a man of property or the owner of the Coppinger's court.She only have a thought now what would she say Ned Cloherty  who is a medical student whom she invited to come for the party. So Tishy resented the hidden hand, that was linked with the owner of Copperinger's court.
    The evening passed out with lot of screaming and romping and enormous consumption of various foods and all. When Mr. Mangan's cuckoo-clock announced that it was midnight the delirium of cracker head dresses had fallen the company. Larry with a dunce'cap on his yellow head was fated by the final effort of penalising fancy of another matron  to select a young lady to conduct to the topmost step of the staircase, and on his knees to kiss either her shoe-buckle or her lips whichever he likes best.
   It was very strange some forget their childhood agonies so fast. It may be said that the customs and manners of her childhood may be very different than that of Larry. But it is sure that one glance of his face would even Rhadamanthus himself remit the penality. But Mrs. Whelply wont agree with this.
She said If he don't do this she will put a worse task on him.
   Larry feeling bewildered look around and caught the sight of Tishy's eyes which were scornful and amused . He crossed the floor went to her and ttook off his dunce's cap bowed and offered her his arm.
A chorus of approval with Big doctor's laugh greeted the action. Tishy accepted the arm and opened the door  entered inside and slammed the door behind them. 
   Larry with anger mounted the stairs grabbing her hand with his elbow and she followed him. Larry stood aside and tishy asceded turning faced towards him from the top. They looked each other with furiosity. 
 Tisha asked him sarcasticaly which one he want lips or shoe buckle and poked her foot to show his shoe buckle.Suddenly he felt a masterful feeling inside him and he asked for her lips and he pressed his lips against his. To his surprise same action came from the other side also. The spark in his eyes flowed to her eyes also.They looked each other for a moment. Now he did not know what to do next.
