
It was singular in how many of these exercises, of which the greater number included kissing,
he found himself involved with Tishy Mangan. Tishy was in a bad temper. The red-headed medical
student had not been honoured with an invitation. Dr. Mangan had struck his name from the list
of guests saying that they had enough without him, and Tishy knew her father too well to protest.
Dr. Mangan was in the habit of saying that he always left all household affairs "in the hands
of the ladies." He did not add, as he might have done, that these hands lay within his, and
that their owners had long since realised that it was advisable to respond to any indication
of pressure. His daughter, however, while she submitted to the inevitable, saw no reason why
she should deny herself the solace of sulking, nor of avenging herself of his tyranny on "his
fine pet," as she, in high indignation, described Larry to herself. Master Coppinger might
be a man of property and the owner of Coppinger's Court, yes, or Dublin Castle, for all she
cared! Pappy might say what he liked, but she wouldn't be bothered with a boy like that! And
there was Ned Cloherty--(this was the medical student)--that she had as good as asked to come--and
what could she say to him now, she wondered? So Tishy sulked, and resented the Hidden Hand,
that so inevitably linked her with the owner of Coppinger's Court, as much as did that man
of property himself.

The evening wore on; with romping, with screaming, with enormous consumption of various foods,
and with an ever-heightening temperature, that was specially noticeable among those seniors
who had not disdained the brew of punch that had coincided with the announcement of midnight,
made, with maddening deliberation, by Mrs. Mangan's cuckoo-clock. The usual delirium of cracker-head-dresses
had befallen the company. Larry, decorated with a dunce's cap, placed upon his yellow head
by a jovial matron, found himself fated, by a final effort of penalising fancy on the part
of another matron, to select "a young lady," to conduct her to the topmost step of the staircase,
and there, on his knees, to kiss either her shoe-buckle or her lips; "whichever he likes best!"
decreed the matron, archly.

It is strange how the reserves and reticences of childhood, the things that offend, the things
that bring agony, are forgotten by so many of those who have left childhood behind. In extenuation
of this lively and kindly lady, it may be said that the manners and customs of her early youth
were not those to which Larry was habituated. Yet, one might have thought that a glance at
Larry's face would have sufficed to induce Rhadamanthus himself to remit the penalty. Not so
Mrs. Whelply, the arbitrator.

"Oh, look at the pout on him! What a naughty boy! If you don't take care, I'll put a worse
task on you!"

Larry, oblivious of the dunce's cap, feeling himself in the grip of a social machine that was
too strong for him, looked round upon the company. Hot, pink faces, shining eyes and teeth,
Moenad hair, on all sides. Then he caught sight of Tishy's eyes, scornful and amused, regarding
him as he stood irresolute, and his spirit responded to the spur of contempt. He crossed the
open space of floor to where she was seated on the blue rep sofa, took off the dunce's cap
with a flourish, and, with a low bow, offered her his arm.

A chorus of approval, weighted by the Big Doctor's big laugh, greeted the action. Tishy, cornered,
accepted the arm, the door was swung open for them, and ostentatiously slammed behind them.

Larry, silent, and very angry, mounted the stairs quickly, and Tishy perforce, her hand gripped
by his elbow, followed him. At the highest step but one, Larry stood aside, and Tishy ascended,
and turning, faced him from the top. They looked at each other for a moment in silence. Both
were furiously angry, resenting the compulsion that had forced them into an absurd position.

Then Tishy said insolently: "Well! Which will you have? My shoe-buckle or my lips? Take your
choice!"

She poked her foot out over the edge of the step confidently.

A spark shot from Larry's angry heart to his blue eyes. He looked up at Tishy, and something
suddenly masterful awoke in him. Confound her! He wouldn't have her laughing at him!

"I'll have your lips, please!" he said, mounting to the step beside her.

With schoolboy roughness he flung his arm round her shoulders. She was a little taller than
he, but she did not withdraw herself; she was curiously aware that her point of view was changing.
She looked for an instant in his eyes, and then she laid her lips on his.

Larry found, with surprise, that they returned the pressure of his own as he kissed her. The
spark that had been in his eyes seemed to have flown to his lips, and met another spark in hers.

There was a moment of silence. Larry found himself a little out of breath, and somehow bewildered.
There was more in it than he thought. He didn't quite know what to do next.
