It was unique in many of these exercises, which includes as many kisses, he was involved with Tishya Mangan. Tishya was in a bad mood. The red-haired medical student had not been honored with an invitation. Dr. Mangan had beaten his name on the guest list saying they had enough without him, and knew his father Tishya too good to protest. Dr. Mangan had a habit of always left that all domestic issues "in the hands of the ladies." He did not say, as he might have done, that these hands were in it, and that its owners had long realized that it was appropriate to respond to any indication of pressure. His daughter, however, while he underwent the inevitable, saw no reason for refusing the solace of a bad mood, or to avenge their tyranny over "your pet well," as she, in high indignation, which describes herself Larry. Coppinger Master could be a man of property and the owner of Coppinger's Court, itself, or the Castle of Dublin, for all she cared! Pappy could say what he liked, but she did not bother with a boy like that! And there was Ned Cloherty - (this was the medical student) - that was as good as called out - and what could I say to him now, you ask? So Tishya bad face, and refused to hand hidden until its inevitable link to the owner of Coppinger's Court, as much as did the man in the property itself. 

The night wore on, with frolicking, with shouts, with enormous consumption of different foods, and a constant temperature increase, which was especially evident among older people had not neglected the brew of punch that had coincided with the announcement of midnight, Indeed, with exasperating deliberation, Mrs. Mangan cuckoo-clock. Delirium usual cookie-touched had fallen on the company. Larry, decorated with a dunce cap, placed on her head by a midwife cheerful yellow, was convicted by a final effort to punish the elegance by another midwife, to select "a young woman," his conduct to the highest step of the stairs, and there, on their knees, whether to kiss her shoe-buckle and lips, what he likes! "Ordered the midwife, with malice. 

Funny how the reservations and reluctance of children, things that offend, the things that bring agony, are forgotten by many who have left childhood behind. In defense of this vibrant and friendly lady, one can say that the customs of his youth, not those to which Larry was accustomed. However, one might think that a look at Larry's face would have been sufficient to induce forward Rhadamanthus same sentence. Not so Mrs. Whelply, the referee. 

"Oh, look at the pout on it! What a naughty boy! If not careful, I'll put a worse job of you!" 

Larry, ignoring the cover for the donkey, the same feeling in the grip of a social machine that was too strong for him, looked around the company. Hot pink faces, bright eyes and teeth, hair Moena, on all sides. Then he saw the eyes of Tishya, arrogant and funny, in relation to him as he stood irresolute, and his spirit responds to encourage contempt. He crossed the floor open space where she was sitting on the blue sofa representative, took off the cover of the burro with a flourish, and with a deep bow, offered his arm. 

A chorus of approval, weighted by the Doctor great laugh Grande, hailed the action. Tishya, cornered, he accepted the arm, the door opened for them, and ostentatiously closed behind them. 

Larry, in silence, and very angry, went upstairs quickly, and inevitably Tishya, his hand caught her elbow and followed him. In the top step, but one, Larry stepped aside, and rose Tishya, and turned and faced him from the top. They looked at each other for a moment in silence. Both were very angry, resentful of the compulsion that had forced an absurd position. 

Then he said insolently Tishya: "Well, what will? Buckle my shoes or my lips? Take your choice!" 

She went to stand on the edge of the step with confidence. 

A spark shot from the heart to Larry angry blue eyes. Tishya looked up, and something suddenly awakened his master. Damn it! He would not have laughed at him! 

"I'm feeling your lips, please!" said mounting step beside him. 

With the roughness of college, threw his arm around her shoulders. She was a bit taller than him, but she did not retire, was curiously aware that his view was changing. She looked in her eyes a moment, then put his mouth on hers. 

Larry found, unexpectedly, he returned the pressure of his own as he kissed her. The spark in his eyes seemed to have flown to his lips, and found another spark in hers. 

There was a moment of silence. Larry was a little out of breath, and somewhat dazed. There was in it more than I thought. He was not sure what to do next.
