Lysander was in great affliction at hearing this bad news, but remembering that I had an aunt who lived some distance from Athens, where she lived the cruel law could not be put in force against Hermia (this law does not extend beyond the limits City), Hermia proposed to be stealing his father's house that night, and go with him to his aunt's house, where he would marry her. "I'll find you," said Lysander, "in the forest a few kilometers from the city, and in this beautiful forest, where we have often gone with Helena in the pleasant month of May."

With this taste Hermia proposed agreement, and told one of her intended flight but her friend Helena. Helena (as maidens do stupid things for love) very little generous resolved to go and tell Demetrius, although she could expect no benefit from betraying the secret of his friend, but the poor pleasure of following her faithless lover to the jungle, she also knew that Demetrius is going there in search of Hermia.

The wood, which Lysander and Hermia proposed to meet, was a favorite of small creatures known as fairies.

King Oberon, Titania and Queen of the Fairies, in all their little train of followers in this wood held midnight shows.

Between this little king and queen of sprites did not happen, at this moment, a sad disagreement: never met by moonlight in the shadows in this pleasant wood, but they fought until all the elves that slide adventures in the acorn jelly and hide from fear.

The cause of this unhappy disagreement was Titania refusing to give Oberon a little changeling boy, whose mother had been Titania's friend and, after his death, the queen of the fairies stole a child from its mother and raised him in the forest.

Night, where lovers meet in this wood, as Titania was with some of her bridesmaids, she met Oberon attended by his retinue of courtiers tale.

"Ill met by moonlight, proud Titania," said the king of fairies. She replied: "What jealous Oberon, is that you? Hadas, stop by the I've given to your company." "Tarry, rash fairy," said Oberon, "I'm not your Lord? Why does Titania cross her Oberon? Give me your little changeling boy my hand."

"Put your heart at rest," replied the Queen, "your whole fairy kingdom buys not the child of me." She left her lord in great anger. "Well, go your way," said Oberon: "before the morning dawns I will torment thee for this injury. "

Oberon sends Puck, his chief advisor and private favorite.

Puck (or as sometimes called Robin Goodfellow) was a skilled and playing jokes mischievously comic sprite in nearby villages, sometimes enter into the dairies and skimming the milk, sometimes casts its light and airy way to butter , rotation, and while he was dancing his fantastic form in the vessel in vain the dairy-maid who would work to change the cream into butter: nor had the village of shepherds the success of any better when fans decided to play Puck in brewing copper, the beer was sure to be pampered. After a few good neighbors gathered to drink some beer at home together, Puck jumped a cup of beer in the form of a roasted crab, and when some old goody was drinking, he bob against her lips, and loss of beer on his chin dry, and the next moment, when the old woman set herself seriously to tell their neighbors a sad and melancholy story, Puck slid his stool with three legs under it, and the United States toppled the poor old woman, and then the gossips would hold their sides and laugh at her, and I swear I never wastes a happy hour.

"Come hither, Puck," said Oberon to this little happy wanderer of the night ", bring me the flower which maids call Love in idleness, the juice of the purple flower laid on the eyelids of those who sleep when they are awake, Doat the first thing they see. Some of the juices of the flower which is reduced in the eyes of my Titania when asleep and the first thing you see when she opens her eyes she will fall in love, although it is a lion or a bear an intervention monkey, a monkey or busy: and before I take this charm from view outside, I can do with another charm I know, I do gives me the child was me. "

Puck, who loved wounded in his heart, was off with this big party for his master, and ran to fetch the flower, and Oberon while waiting for the return of Puck, he observed Demetrius and Helena enter the wood: Demetrio listened blame him Helena to monitor him and after many bad words on the other hand, mild reproaches and Elena who reminds him of his former love and true faith to her profession, he left (he said) at the mercy of wild animals, and She ran after him as fast as he could.
