Lysander was in great affliction at hearing these evil tidings, but remembering that he had an aunt who lived some distance from Athens, at a place where she lived zákon cruel as not to force the Hermas (this law does not apply outside the city limits ), suggested that Hermas, that she should steal from her father's house that night, and go with him to his aunt's house, where he would marry her. "I'll meet you," said Lysander, "in the woods a few miles without the city, the beautiful, the wood, where we often walked with Helena in the pleasant month of May."

To this proposal Hermas happily agreed, and she told no one of her intended flight but her friend Helena. Helena (as maidens will do foolish things for love) very inconsiderately decided to go and say that Demetrius, though it could hope for, no benefit from betraying her friend's secret, but the poor pleasure of following her faithless lover to wood because they well knew that Demetrius would go there in pursuit of Hermas.

Wood in which Lysander and Hermas designed to meet, was a favorite spot for those little beings known as fairies.

Oberon, the King and Queen Titania, the fairy, with all their tiny train of followers, in this timber held their midnight revels.

Between this little king and queen of sprites there happened, at this moment, a sad disagreement: they never met by moonlight walks in the rest of this pleasant wood, but there were quarrels, and all their fairy elves would creep into acorn-cups and hide out of fear.

The cause of this unhappy disagreement was Titania is refused to give Oberon a little changeling boy, whose mother had been Titania's friend: and after her death Fairy Queen stole the baby from her sister, and brought him into the woods.

That night, when lovers meet in this wood, as Titania went with some of her ladies, she met Oberon attended by his train fairy courtiers.

"I met by moonlight, proud Titania," said the fairy king. The Queen replied: "What, jealous Oberon, is that you? Fairies, skip because I have forsworn his company." "Stay, rash fairy," said Oberon, "Am I not your Lord? Why Titania Oberon over her? Give me a little changeling boy to my site."

"Set your heart at rest," the queen replied, 'your whole fairy kingdom buys not kid me. " She then left her lord in great anger. "Well, go your way," said Oberon: "before the morning dawn, I worry that you have this injury."

Oberon then sent for Puck, his chief favorite, and the State Council.

Puck (or, as he was sometimes called Robin Goodfellow), was a shrewd and knavish sprite, that used to play comical pranks in the neighboring villages, sometimes getting into the dairy and wiping milk, sometimes plunging his light and airy form into the butter-churn, and he was dancing his fantastic form of a ship, in vain the dairy-maid should work to change her cream into butter: nor had the village Swains no better success if Puck chose to play his freaks in the brewing-copper, beer was definitely indulge yourself. When a few good neighbors met to drink some comfortable ale together, Puck would jump into the bowl with a beer in the parable of roasted crab, and when some old goody šel drink he would bob to the lips, and spill but over her withered chin, and is currently the it when the same old lady was seriously sitting her neighbors say a sad and melancholy story, Puck would slip her three-legged stool beneath it, and then overthrew the poor woman, and then the old gossips would hold their sides and laugh at her, and I swear I never wasted merrier hour.

"Come here, Puck," said Oberon to this little merry wanderer of the night, "Bring me the flower which maids call Love in inactivity, the juice of the little purple flowers placed on the eyelids of those who sleep, will make them when he woke up , doat the first thing they see. Some of the juice from the flower, which I fall on my eyelids Titania, when sleeping, and the first thing he opens his eyes looking down, will fall in love, even if the lion or bear, meddling monkey, or a busy ape: Before I take the charm from off her sight, that I could do with another charm I know I will make her give me a kid with my site. "

Puck, who loved mischief to his heart was heavily tilted with the intended Frolic of his master, and ran to look for the flower, Oberon, and while awaiting the return of Puck said, Demetrius and Helena enter the wood: he overheard Demetrius reproaching Helena for following him, but after many unkind words on his hand, and gentle expostulations from Helena, reminding him of his former love and the true profession of faith to her, let her (he said) at the mercy of wild beasts, and ran after him as fast as she could .
