The leader of the people in its struggles for civil and religious liberty,The shrewd and vigorous intellect of the great revolutionary leader,  may affect the forms of the prevailing religious sentiment, having sound judgement not to be able to penetrate, with  counsels from 'Treatise of Civil Power in Ecclesiastical Causes,' who  upheld the fundamental principle of Protestantism,[142]  beneath the surface.  The Presbyterian Parliament  inquired into the crimes of magics, supported by the clergy and people. Matthew Hopkins,immortal in the annals of English witchcraft exercised his talents  are facts well known.[143]

Milton [142]the greatest of England's patriots and poet, 'that no man, no synod, no session of men, though called the Church, can judge definitively the sense of Scripture to another man's conscience. which is maxim of Protestant religion. It follows,  he who holds in religion that belief or those opinions which to his conscience and utmost understanding appear with most evidence or probability in the Scripture, though to others he seem erroneous, can no more be justly censured for a heretic than his censurers. Who do the same thing themselves and censure others for so doing so.  Common rule and touchstone is the Scripture Protestants for, with conscience, equity, nothing  Protestantly can be permit only a free and lawful debate at all times.Disputable by Scripture in writing, conference, or disputation of what opinion soever  etc are to be disputed. Protestants rather than Papists were responsible for many imprisonments, banishments, penalties, and   bloodsheds.  (A Treatise of Civil Power in Ecclesiastical Causes.)  Milton's reason to exclude the Catholics of his day from the general toleration are more intelligible and more plausible, than of Peter Plymley  after fifty or sixty years, since Rev. Sidney Smith published the Letters .

The author of this  political satire has exposed the weakness of the great Puritan party with all the rancour of a partisan,[143] showed the satire of Hudibras, particularly in Part II. canto 3, Part III. 1, and the notes of Zachary Grey. 

English liberty were first inaugurated, the strenuous opposing characters of despotic dogmas. The principles of  that they should so fanatically abandon their reason to a monstrous idea, is additional proof of the universality of superstitious prejudice.Whether heaven was on their side, Satan's  powers of darkness were  more influential,  result of a continual political religious persecution  cannot be fully understood unless by referred to the scenes of murder and torture. Hunted with relentless ferocity like wild beasts, holding conventicles and prayer meetings with the sword suspended over their heads, it is not surprising  to believe that they were the peculiar objects of diabolical as well as human malice. Their whole history during the first eighty years of the seventeenth century can alone explain this faith. The clergy of the Presbyterian sect might be interested in maintaining a creed who magnify their credit as miracle-workers.[144]

[144] The author of Hudibras, in the interview of the Knight and Sidrophel (William Lilly), enumerates the various practices and uses of astrology and witchcraft in vogue at this time. Dr. Zachary Grey, the sympathetic editor of Hudibras, supplies much curious information on the subject as extracts from various old writers. 'The Parliament,' as he states, 'took a sure way to secure all prophecies, prodigies, and almanac-news from stars, &c., in favour of their own side, by appointing a licenser thereof. Strictly forbidding and punishing all such as were not licensed.  Man for this purpose was the famous Booker, an astrologer, fortune-teller, almanac-maker etc., words of his license in Rushorth remarkable--for mathematics, almanacs, and prognostications. We may believe Lilly that both he and Booker and prognosticate did conjure for their friends in the Parliament. He tells us that when he applied for a license for his Merlinus Anglicus Junior (in Ap. 1644), Booker  made many impertinent changes, framed many objections, it was not possible to distinguish between a king and a parliament and at last licensed it according to his own fancy.
