The astute and
vigorous intellect of the great revolutionary leader, the champion of the people in its struggles
for civil and religious liberty, however much he might affect the forms of the prevailing religious
sentiment, was too sagacious not to be able to penetrate, with the aid of the counsels of the
author of the 'Treatise of Civil Power in Ecclesiastical Causes,' who so triumphantly upheld
the fundamental principle of Protestantism,[142] somewhat beneath the surface. In what manner
the Presbyterian Parliament issued commissions for inquiring into the crimes of sorcery, how
zealously they were supported by the clergy and people, how Matthew Hopkins--immortal in the
annals of English witchcraft--exercised his talents as witchfinder-general, are facts well
known.[143]

  [142] 'Seeing therefore,' infers Milton, the greatest of
  England's patriots as well as poets, 'that no man, no synod,
  no session of men, though called the Church, can judge
  definitively the sense of Scripture to another man's
  conscience, which is well known to be a maxim of the
  Protestant religion; it follows plainly, that he who holds
  in religion that belief or those opinions which to his
  conscience and utmost understanding appear with most
  evidence or probability in the Scripture, though to others
  he seem erroneous, can no more be justly censured for a
  heretic than his censurers, who do but the same thing
  themselves, while they censure him for so doing.... To
  Protestants therefore, whose common rule and touchstone is
  the Scripture, nothing can with more conscience, more
  equity, nothing more Protestantly can be permitted than a
  free and lawful debate at all times by writing, conference,
  or disputation of what opinion soever disputable by
  Scripture.... How many persecutions, then, imprisonments,
  banishments, penalties, and stripes; how much bloodshed,
  have the forcers of conscience to answer for--and
  Protestants rather than Papists!' (A Treatise of Civil
  Power in Ecclesiastical Causes.) The reasons which induced
  Milton to exclude the Catholics of his day from the general
  toleration are more intelligible and more plausible, than
  those of fifty or sixty years since, when the Rev. Sidney
  Smith published the Letters of Peter Plymley.

  [143] Displayed in the satire of Hudibras, particularly in
  Part II. canto 3, Part III. 1, and the notes of Zachary Grey.
  The author of this amusing political satire has exposed the
  foibles of the great Puritan party with all the rancour of a
  partisan.

That the strenuous antagonists of despotic dogmas, by whom the principles of English liberty
were first inaugurated, that they should so fanatically abandon their reason to a monstrous
idea, is additional proof of the universality of superstitious prejudice. But the conviction,
the result of a continual political religious persecution of their tenets, that if heaven was
on their side Satan and the powers of darkness were still more inimical, cannot be fully understood
unless by referring to those scenes of murder and torture. Hunted with relentless ferocity
like wild beasts, holding conventicles and prayer meetings with the sword suspended over their
heads, it is not surprising that at that period these English and Scotch Calvinists came to
believe that they were the peculiar objects of diabolical as well as human malice. Their whole
history during the first eighty years of the seventeenth century can alone explain this faith.
Besides this genuine feeling, the clergy of the Presbyterian sect might be interested in maintaining
a creed which must magnify their credit as miracle-workers.[144]

  [144] The author of Hudibras, in the interview of the
  Knight and Sidrophel (William Lilly), enumerates the various
  practices and uses of astrology and witchcraft in vogue at
  this time, and employed by Court and Parliament with equal
  eagerness and emulation. Dr. Zachary Grey, the sympathetic
  editor of Hudibras, supplies much curious information on
  the subject in extracts from various old writers. 'The
  Parliament,' as he states, 'took a sure way to secure all
  prophecies, prodigies, and almanac-news from stars, &c., in
  favour of their own side, by appointing a licenser thereof,
  and strictly forbidding and punishing all such as were not
  licensed. Their man for this purpose was the famous Booker,
  an astrologer, fortune-teller, almanac-maker, &c. The words
  of his license in Rushorth are very remarkable--for
  mathematics, almanacs, and prognostications. If we may
  believe Lilly, both he and Booker did conjure and
  prognosticate well for their friends the Parliament. He
  tells us, "When he applied for a license for his Merlinus
  Anglicus Junior (in Ap. 1644), Booker wondered at the book,
  made many impertinent obliterations, framed many objections,
  and swore it was not possible to distinguish between a king
  and a parliament; and at last licensed it according to his
  own fancy.
