The wise and vigorous intellect of the great revolutionary leader, the champion of the people in their struggle for civil and religious freedom, much as he could influence the shapes of the ruling religious feelings, was too clever not to penetrate to be able, with the help of the advice of the author of "Treatise of civil power in ecclesiastical affairs," who so triumphantly confirmed the fundamental principle of Protestantism, [142] is somewhat below the surface. In what way the Presbyterian Parliament issued orders for questions after the crimes of witchcraft, how eager they were supported by clergy and people, like Matthew Hopkins - immortalized in the annals of English witchcraft - exercised his talents as a witch finder general facts are known. [143]

[142] 'Seeing, therefore, "concludes Milton, the greatest English patriots can, like poets," that no man, no synod, no session of the men, though called the church to assess definitively the meaning of Scripture to another man the conscience, as is known, a maxim of the Protestant religion to have, it follows obviously that whoever is in religion that belief or opinions that appear in his conscience and utmost understanding with most of the evidence or probability in the Scriptures although it seems wrong to others, can not be censured for a heretic right than his critics, but the same thing themselves, while they do it for so .... So to blame Protestants, whose common rule and touchstone is the writing, nothing can with conscience, justice, not Protestantly can be admitted as a free and lawful debate at any time in writing, conference, or disputation of whatever controversial comments from Scripture .... How many prosecutions, then, have detentions, banning orders, penalties, and stripes, how much bloodshed, the pressure pumps responsible conscience - and Protestants as Papists! "(A Treatise of the civil power in ecclesiastical affairs.) The reasons which led Milton to exclude the Catholics of his time from the general toleration are understandable and plausible than the fifty or sixty years since, when the Rev. Sidney Smith published The letters of Peter Plymley.

[143] appears in the satire of Hudibras, especially in Part II, canto 3, Part III. 1, and the notes by Zachary Grey. The author of this amusing political satire has exposed the weaknesses of the great Puritan party with all the rancor of a partisan.

The fact that the antagonists of the strenuous despotic dogmas, by whom were the principles of English freedom opened for the first time that they leave their reason so fanatically to a monstrous idea, is an additional proof of the universality of the superstitious prejudices. But the conviction, the result of a continuing political persecution on religious grounds by their teachings, that if heaven was on their side, Satan and the forces of darkness were more hostile, completely, except by reference to these scenes of murder and torture to be understood. Hunted with the unrelenting cruelty like wild animals, and conventicles hold prayer meetings with the sword hanging over their heads, it is not surprising that to believe at that time, these English and Scottish Calvinists, they were the peculiar objects diabolical and human wickedness come. may your whole story in the first eighty years of the seventeenth century alone explain this belief. In addition to this real feeling, could the minister of the Presbyterian sect interest in the maintenance of a creed, which must increase their credit as a miracle-worker. [144]

[144] The author of Hudibras, in the interview of the knight and Sidrophel (William Lilly), lists the various methods and uses of astrology and witchcraft in vogue at the time, and from this Court and the Parliament deals with the same zeal and emulation. Dr. Zachary Grey, the sympathetic editor Hudibras, provides much curious information about this topic in extracts from various ancient writers. "Parliament", as he says, "was a sure way to get all the prophecies, to secure a miracle, and almanac messages of stars, & c., here in favor of their own side, by the appointment of a licensor of them, and strictly prohibited and punished as all were not allowed. your man for this purpose was the famous Booker, an astrologer, fortune-tellers, almanac-maker, & c. The words are very curious of his license in Rushorth - for mathematics, almanacs and predictions. If we may believe summon Lilly, both he and Booker has also forecast for their friends and the Parliament. He tells us. "When he applied for a license to its Merlinus Anglicus Junior (in Rev. 1644) Booker was surprised at the book , made many bold obliteration, framed many objections, and swore it was not possible to distinguish between a king and a parliament, and recently licensed it for his own imagination.
