The guides  galloped on a village in advance, and brought one hundred Indians to assist in the management of men. Many sufferers distraught, have wandered away from the column, and died before returning guides, which, together with the Indians, took the long file of poor blind men, clinging to each other agonized and desperate to understand. In March their sad rugged mountain path, he fell several precipices, and were never heard of more. General Miller had only fifteen hours surumpi, but the complaint usually continue two days. Three thousand men, General Cordova lost over one hundred. Regiment was most affected voltigeros (formerly Numancia), who left land in Caracas, a distance of more than two thousand leagues.

General Miller's shares in Junin triumph was witnessed by Bolivar in August, 1824, and the victory of Ayacucho, which ended the war in Peru, General Miller was first in the thickest of the fight.

We are now approaching close to outline our general brilliant career. The war in 1825, he was appointed prefect of the department of Potosi, with a population of 300,000 souls. It has been going on prosperously his work for peace, the improvement of the locals, who had for three centuries has been struggling under the oppression most infamous when his health required he should visit Europe. In October 1825, he resigned man, and obtained a leave absence to return to his home country, bringing with him an unsolicited testimonial from Bolivar, for his heroism in the 1824 campaign. General Miller is now in England, and in circles where his merit known, he is received with the utmost respect.

In our hasty sketch we just looked at some of the difficulties that General Miller was blocked because its companies more in the South American independence. His career, but even extend to seven years, is an unprecedented interest and for the general reader as observer also account for growth and advancement of freedom of the child. Acts of bravado have none daring adventure or simple, but they are sterling examples of courage which have few parallels in the annals of modern warfare. Potosi on his quitting England, stated that he was overwhelmed with evidence of popular affection. We live in a very advanced state of refinement to appreciate the bliss that strives to cause great and glorious to be inspired by the indigenous population from the scene of such exploits, but as a man, peasant, we have reason to be proud of his name , and the senior will still hold records for human nature. He founded the happiness of thousands, and we sincerely wish that he may live many years to assist in the successful progress of the case which has contributed so glorious.

We recommend our readers take such an interest in the authentic records of patriotism shining, in turn, in general, Miller's "Memoirs" - for such volumes of inexhaustible variety and importance are seldom encountered in these days of superficial literature.

* * * * *

GALLERY anecdote.

* * * * *

Lord Byron's interview with a monk.

[To sketch the following graph, recognition is due to last No. (5) of the Foreign Quarterly Review, where it appears to be copied from Pouqueville Travels in Greece. Not too much romance in it for the austere faith and credit for Pouqueville - who, by his statements to mislead the thousands - it should be noted that it gives the production of another pencil. However, do not miss a great travel story, but -

Eundo acquirit vires.

Of course, it is quite easy for any enthusiast to put words in his mouth like following a man who was insulted and attacked by tens of thousands, but hopefully for reading credit world, as stories like the following, rare find implicit credence. It might still be some next romaunt Foundation, and perhaps the incident, however slight, has been too tempting to be sent into the world unadorned.
