The guides galloped
on to a village in advance, and brought out a hundred Indians to assist in leading the men.
Many of the sufferers, maddened by pain, had strayed away from the column, and perished before
the return of the guides, who, together with the Indians, took charge of long files of the
poor sightless soldiers, clinging to each other with agonized and desperate grasp. During their
dreary march by a rugged mountain path, several fell down precipices, and were never heard
of more. General Miller suffered only fifteen hours from the surumpi, but the complaint usually
continues two days. Out of three thousand men, General Cordova lost above a hundred. The regiment
most affected was the voltigeros (formerly Numancia), which had marched by land from Caracas,
a distance of upwards of two thousand leagues.

General Miller's share in the triumph of Junin was witnessed by Bolivar, in August, 1824; and
at the victory of Ayacucho, which terminated the war in Peru, general Miller was foremost in
the thickest of the fight.

We are now drawing near to the close of our outline of the general's brilliant career. At the
conclusion of the war in 1825, he was appointed prefect of the department of Potosi, with a
population of 300,000 souls. He was going on prosperously in his labours of peace, in improving
the condition of the natives, who had for three centuries been writhing under the most infamous
oppression, when his health required that he should visit Europe. In October, 1825, he resigned
his honourable office, and obtained leave of absence to return to his native country, bringing
with him an unsolicited testimonial from Bolivar, of his heroism in the campaign of 1824. General
Miller is now in England, and in circles where his merit is known, he is received with the
highest respect.

In our hasty sketch, we have glanced at only a few of the difficulties with which General Miller
was beset in his several enterprises in the cause of South American independence. His career,
though extending but to seven years, is one of unparalleled interest, as well to the general
reader, as to the more calculating observer of the rise and progress of infant liberty. His
exploits have none of the daring or bravado of mere adventures, but they are examples of sterling
courage which have few parallels in the annals of modern warfare. On his quitting Potosi for
England, it is mentioned that he was overwhelmed with testimonials of popular affection. We
live in too advanced a state of refinement to appreciate the ecstasy which his labours in the
great and glorious cause must have inspired among the native population of the scene of these
exploits; but as a fellow-countryman, we have reason to be proud of his name, and of the high
rank it will hereafter occupy in the records of human character. He has laid the foundation
of the happiness of thousands, and sincerely do we wish that he may yet live many years to
witness the successful progress of the cause to which he has so gloriously contributed.

We recommend such of our readers as take interest in genuine records of glowing patriotism,
to turn to general Miller's "Memoirs"--for such volumes of exhaustless variety and importance
are seldom met with in these days of flimsy literature.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE ANECDOTE GALLERY.

       *       *       *       *       *

LORD BYRON'S INTERVIEW WITH A MONK.

    [For the following graphic sketch, acknowledgment is due to the
    last No. (5) of the Foreign Quarterly Review, where it is
    stated to be copied from Pouqueville's Travels in Greece. There is
    too much romance in it for out sober belief, and for the credit of
    Pouqueville--who by his statements has misled thousands--we ought
    to state that he gives it as the production of another pen.
    However, a marvellous story never loses by travelling; but--

             Vires acquirit eundo.

    Of course, it is easy enough for any enthusiast to put such words
    as the following into the mouth of a man who has been reviled and
    attacked by thousands; but we hope, for the credit of the reading
    world, that such stories as the following, seldom find implicit
    credence. There may, however, be some foundation for the following
    romaunt, and probably the incident, however slight, was too
    tempting to be sent forth to the world unadorned.
