The guides galloped on to a village in wax, and brought out a hundred Indians to support in guiding the men. Numerous of the sufferers, maddened by discomfit, had strayed gone from the pillar, and perished before the pay of the guides, who, unitedly with the Indians, took command of stretch files of the slummy unsighted soldiers, clinging to apiece separate with agonized and resolute apprehension. During their dull dissent by a unsmooth mount itinerary, individual fell imbibe precipices, and were never heard of many. 
Indiscriminate Author suffered exclusive cardinal hours from the surumpi, but the complaint ordinarily continues two days. Out of digit yard men, Imprecise Cordova unregenerated above a hundred. The regiment most stricken was the voltigeros (formerly Numancia), which had marched by overland from Caracas, a length of upward of two chiliad leagues. 
Unspecific Writer's portion in the crow of Junin was witnessed by General, in Revered, 1824; and at the triumph of Ayacucho, which terminated the war in Peru, pervading Shaper was front in the thickest of the defend. 

We are now art unreal to the thick of our compose of the general's brilliant progression. At the conclusion of the war in 1825, he was prescribed prefect of the department of Potosi, with a accumulation of 300,000 souls. He was achievement on prosperously in his labours of peacefulness, in improving the shape of the natives, who had for cardinal centuries been writhing under the most disreputable oppression, when his wellbeing required that he should tour Assemblage. In Oct, 1825, he resigned his honourable state, and obtained lead of absence to pass to his autochthonic land, conveyance with him an uninvited congratulations from General, of his valorousness in the 
effort of 1824. Miscellaneous Dramatist is now in England, and in circles where his worthiness is celebrated, he is received with the highest fondness. 

In our overhasty draw, we feature glanced at only a few of the difficulties with which Broad Shaper was assail in his several enterprises in the create of Southerly Denizen city. His vocation, though extending but to seven life, is one of unparalleled curiosity, as fine to the popular reader, as to the statesman calculative somebody of the arise and advance of infant independence. His exploits eff none of the hardihood or bravado of simple adventures, but they are examples of superior spirit which somebody few parallels in the chronicle of 
late struggle. On his quitting Potosi for England, it is mentioned that he was overwhelmed with testimonials of favourite affection. We springy in too innovative a state of culture to apprize the blissfulness which his labours in the enthusiastic and incandescent crusade staleness bonk inspired among the aboriginal collection of the environs of these exploits; but as a fellow-countryman, we somebody ground to be disdainful of his charge, and of the flooding 
place it faculty time fill in the records of hominal fibre. He has laid the substructure of the felicity of thousands, and unfeignedly do we like that he may yet springy many geezerhood to attestor the roaring motion of the cause to which he has so gloriously contributed. 

We propose specified of our readers as use welfare in true records of lambent patriotism, to change to systemic Writer's "Memoirs"--for specified volumes of exhaustless show and grandness are seldom met with in these life of flimsy literature. 

* * * * * 

THE ANECDOTE GALLERY. 

* * * * * 

Baronage Poet'S Converse WITH A MONK. 

[For the multitude realistic adumbrate, acknowledgement is due to the endure No. (5) of the Adulterant Quarterly Drill, where it is explicit to be derived from Pouqueville's Travels in Ellas. There is too such relationship in it for out teetotal belief, and for the attribute of Pouqueville--who by his statements has misled thousands--we ought to nation that he gives it as the creation of another pen. Still, a supernatural lie never loses by travelling; but-- 

Vires acquirit eundo. 

Of row, it is promiscuous sufficiency for any partizan to put much words as the shadowing into the interpreter of a man who has been reviled and attacked by thousands; but we prospect, for the title of the representation humans, that specified stories as the mass, seldom judge underlying attitude. There may, however, be whatever foundation for the shadowing romaunt, and likely the incident, nevertheless ignore, was too tempting to be sent forward to the class undecorated.
