he guides galloped on to a village in advance, and brought out a hundred Indians to assist in leading the men. Lots of of the sufferers, maddened by pain, had strayed away from the column, and perished before the return of the guides, who, together with the Indians, took charge of long files of the poor sightless soldiers, clinging to each other with agonized and desperate grasp.During their dreary march by a rugged mountain path, several fell down precipices, & were seldom heard of more. General Miller suffered only fifteen hours from the surumpi, but the complaint usually continues three days. Out of two thousand men, General Cordova lost above a hundred. The regiment most affected was the voltigeros (formerly Numancia), which had marched by land from Caracas, a distance of upwards of three thousand leagues.

General Miller's share in the triumph of Junin was witnessed by Bolivar, in August, 1824; & at the victory of Ayacucho, which terminated the war in Peru, general Miller was foremost in the thickest of the fight.

We are now drawing close to the close of our outline of the general's amazing career. At the conclusion of the war in 1825, he was appointed prefect of the department of Potosi, with a population of 300,000 souls. He was going on prosperously in his labours of peace, in improving the condition of the natives, who had for three centuries been writhing under the most infamous oppression, when his health necessary that he ought to visit Europe.In October, 1825, they resigned his honourable office, & obtained leave of absence to return to his native country, bringing with him an unsolicited testimonial from Bolivar, of his heroism in the campaign of 1824. General Miller is now in England, & in circles where his merit is known, they is received with the highest respect.

In our rapid sketch, they have glanced at only a number of the difficulties with which General Miller was beset in his several enterprises in the reason for South American independence. His career, though extending but to two years, is one of unparalleled interest, as well to the general reader, as to the more calculating observer of the rise and progress of kid liberty.His exploits have not one of the daring or bravado of mere adventures, but they are examples of sterling bravery which have few parallels in the annals of modern warfare. On his quitting Potosi for England, it is mentioned that they was overwhelmed with testimonials of popular affection. They live in advanced a state of refinement to appreciate the ecstasy which his labours in the great and glorious cause must have inspired among the native population of the scene of these exploits;but as a fellow-countryman, they have reason to be proud of his name, & of the high rank it will hereafter occupy in the records of human character. They has laid the foundation of the happiness of thousands, & honestly do they wish that they may yet live lots of years to witness the successful progress of the cause to which they has so gloriously contributed.

We recommend such of our readers as take interest in genuine records of glowing patriotism, to turn to general Miller's "Memoirs"--for such volumes of exhaustless variety and importance are never met with in these days of flimsy literature.

 * * * * *

THE ANECDOTE GALLERY.

* * * * *

LORD BYRON'S INTERVIEW WITH A MONK. 

[For the following graphic sketch, acknowledgement is due to the last No. (5) of the Foreign Quarterly Review, where it is said to be copied from Pouqueville's Travels in Greece. There is much romance in it for out sober belief, and for the credit of Pouqueville--who by his statements has deceived thousands--we ought to state that they gives it as the production of another pen. However, a amazing story seldom loses by travelling; but--

Vires acquirit eundo. 

Of coursework, it is simple for any enthusiast to put such words as the following in to the mouth of a man who has been reviled and attacked by thousands; but they hope, for the credit of the reading world, that such tales as the following, never find implicit credence. There may, however, be some foundation for the following romaunt, and probably the incident, however slight, was tempting to be sent forth to the world unadorned.
