The  less  the  publications  which are  released,  the more we  will  have to draw upon our own genius; and the duller the  time of the year,  the more vivacious  should  we be to put our readers in spirits. But we have consolation  close to  in the  form  of  entertaining  work. Immediately that  assembly  is up, the  bulletins  will  start  to lie, "like thunder," Tom Pipes would say. What  secret   killings,  what heart-rending  misfortunes,  what  wash rooms  of bonnets in the Paddington Canal, what legions of  sad   young  children    fallen  at  dependable  men's doors! We have got a  document  of the "Morning Herald" for the last  10  years;--and we give the worthy labourers in the  misfortune  line,  equitable   observe,  that if they hash up the  vintage   tales  with the self-same  dressing,  as they are wont to  manage,  without  exchanging  the pistol for the razor, and not even  altering  the Christian  title  of the  juvenile   females  who  habitually  drown themselves when  assembly  is up, we  will  take the  issue  into our own hands, and  compose  a "Chapter of Accidents" that will  propel  these poor pretenders to the  mysteries  of hemp and rats-bane  equitably  out of the field.--Ibid.

* * * * *

AWKWARDNESS.

Man is routinely the most inapt animal that inhales the wind of life. There is not anything, although straightforward, which he can present with the least significant set about to gracefulness or ease. If he walks,--he hobbles, or leaps, or stumbles, or trots, or sidles, or creeps--but creeping, sidling, stumbling, hobbling, and leaping, are by no entails walking. If he sits,--he fidgets, rotates his legs under his seating, hurls his arm over the back of it, and places himself into a perspiration, by seeking to be at ease. It is the identical in the more perplexing procedures of life. Behold that one-by-one on a horse! See with what persevering alacrity he hobbles up and down from the croupe to the pommel, while his equine proceeds calmly at an amble of from four to five miles in the hour. See how his knees, soaring like a weaver's shuttle, from one extremity of the saddle to another, decimate, in a pleasure-ride from Edinburgh to Roslin, the good, gray kerseymeres, which were glittering a day or two before in Scaife and Willis's shop. The equine starts to gallop--Bless our soul! the polite man will decidedly roll off. The reins were not ever proposed to be dragged like a peal of Bob Majors; your head, my ally should to be on your own bears, and not poking out between your charger's ears; and your equine should to use its efforts to proceed on, and not you. It is a very freezing day, you have cantered your two miles, and now you are swabbing your brows, as if you had run the expanse in half the time on foot.

People believe it a strong so straightforward thing to roll along in a carriage. Step into this noddy. That animal in the corner is manifestly in a state of such tense exhilaration that his body is as immovable as if he had breakfasted on the kitchen poker; every jolt of the vehicle should give him a agitate like a battering-ram; manage you call this approaching in to give yourself a rest? Poor man, your ribs will throbbing for this for a month to come! But the other polite man opposite: glimpse how flexible he has rendered his body. Every time my venerable ally on the coach-box expands his twig with a couple of backyards of twine at the end of it, which he denominates "a whupp," the suddenness of the accelerated shift makes his large, around head flop from the centre of his short, broad neck, and arrive with such aggression on the unstuffed back, that his head covering is dispatched down upon the connection of his nose with a vehemence which might well nigh convey it away. Do you state that man is adept of taking a delight ride? Before he has been bumped three miles, every drag of breeze will be jerked out of his body, and by the time he has reached at Roslin, he will be a dead man. If that man prospers in the world, he commits suicide the instant he groups up his carriage.

We proceed to a ball. Mercy upon us! is this what you call dancing? A man of 30 years of age, and with legs as broad as a gate-post, stands up in the middle of the room, and gapes, and fumbles with his hand-coverings, looking all the time as if he were entombing his grandmother. At a granted pointer, the unwieldy animal places himself in motion; he hurls out his arms, crouches up his bears, and, without going a sinew of his face, boots out his legs, to the manifest risk of the bystanders, and proceeds back to the location puffing and blowing like an otter, after a half-hour's burst. Is this dancing? Shades of the filial and paternal Vestris! can this be a specimen of the art which devotes elasticity to the most inert confirmation, which groups the body-fluid blazing with a moderately hot and genial flow, and makes attractiveness ride high before our ravished senses, robbing our esteem by the gracefulness of each new shift, till at last our spirits thrill to each alert action, and disintegrate into ecstasy and love?

People appear even to work to be awkward. One would believe a polite man might agitate hands with a well renowned ally without any symptoms of cubbishness. Not at all.
