The fewer the books which are published,
the more we shall have to draw upon our own genius; and the duller the season, the more vivacious
must we be to put our readers in spirits. But we have consolation approaching in the shape
of amusing work. Immediately that parliament is up, the newspapers will begin to lie, "like
thunder," Tom Pipes would say. What mysterious murders, what heart-rending accidents, what
showers of bonnets in the Paddington Canal, what legions of unhappy children dropped at honest
men's doors! We have got a file of the "Morning Herald" for the last ten years;--and we give
the worthy labourers in the accident line, fair notice, that if they hash up the old stories
with the self-same sauce, as they are wont to do, without substituting the pistol for the razor,
and not even changing the Christian name of the young ladies who always drown themselves when
parliament is up, we shall take the matter into our own hands, and write a "Chapter of Accidents"
that will drive these poor pretenders to the secrets of hemp and rats-bane fairly out of the
field.--Ibid.

       *       *       *       *       *

AWKWARDNESS.

Man is naturally the most awkward animal that inhales the breath of life. There is nothing,
however simple, which he can perform with the smallest approach to gracefulness or ease. If
he walks,--he hobbles, or jumps, or limps, or trots, or sidles, or creeps--but creeping, sidling,
limping, hobbling, and jumping, are by no means walking. If he sits,--he fidgets, twists his
legs under his chair, throws his arm over the back of it, and puts himself into a perspiration,
by trying to be at ease. It is the same in the more complicated operations of life. Behold
that individual on a horse! See with what persevering alacrity he hobbles up and down from
the croupe to the pommel, while his horse goes quietly at an amble of from four to five miles
in the hour. See how his knees, flying like a weaver's shuttle, from one extremity of the saddle
to another, destroy, in a pleasure-ride from Edinburgh to Roslin, the good, gray kerseymeres,
which were glittering a day or two ago in Scaife and Willis's shop. The horse begins to gallop--Bless
our soul! the gentleman will decidedly roll off. The reins were never intended to be pulled
like a peal of Bob Majors; your head, my friend ought to be on your own shoulders, and not
poking out between your charger's ears; and your horse ought to use its exertions to move on,
and not you. It is a very cold day, you have cantered your two miles, and now you are wiping
your brows, as if you had run the distance in half the time on foot.

People think it a mighty easy thing to roll along in a carriage. Step into this noddy. That
creature in the corner is evidently in a state of such nervous excitement that his body is
as immovable as if he had breakfasted on the kitchen poker; every jolt of the vehicle must
give him a shake like a battering-ram; do you call this coming in to give yourself a rest?
Poor man, your ribs will ache for this for a month to come! But the other gentleman opposite:
see how flexible he has rendered his body. Every time my venerable friend on the coach-box
extends his twig with a few yards of twine at the end of it, which he denominates "a whupp,"
the suddenness of the accelerated motion makes his great, round head flop from the centre of
his short, thick neck, and come with such violence on the unstuffed back, that his hat is sent
down upon the bridge of his nose with a vehemence which might well nigh carry it away. Do you
say that man is capable of taking a pleasure ride? Before he has been bumped three miles, every
pull of wind will be jerked out of his body, and by the time he has arrived at Roslin, he will
be a dead man. If that man prospers in the world, he commits suicide the moment he sets up
his carriage.

We go to a ball. Mercy upon us! is this what you call dancing? A man of thirty years of age,
and with legs as thick as a gate-post, stands up in the middle of the room, and gapes, and
fumbles with his gloves, looking all the time as if he were burying his grandmother. At a given
signal, the unwieldy animal puts himself in motion; he throws out his arms, crouches up his
shoulders, and, without moving a muscle of his face, kicks out his legs, to the manifest risk
of the bystanders, and goes back to the place puffing and blowing like an otter, after a half-hour's
burst. Is this dancing? Shades of the filial and paternal Vestris! can this be a specimen of
the art which gives elasticity to the most inert confirmation, which sets the blood glowing
with a warm and genial flow, and makes beauty float before our ravished senses, stealing our
admiration by the gracefulness of each new motion, till at last our souls thrill to each warning
movement, and dissolve into ecstasy and love?

People seem even to labour to be awkward. One would think a gentleman might shake hands with
a familiar friend without any symptoms of cubbishness. Not at all.
