MY DEAR SIR,

I had hardly left my terminal letter into the post-office, after I took higher the subject of "The terminal time I came o'er the moor," and ere I slept drew the outlines of the foregoing.[221] How I have succeeded, I withdraw on this, as on every other occasion, to you to decide.

R. B.

FOOTNOTES:

[Footnote 221: Song CCXXXIV.]

* * * * *

CCLV.

TO JOHN FRANCIS ERSKINE, ESQ.,

OF M A R.

[This remarkable letter has been of late the subject of numerous controversy: Mr. Findlater, any person who occurred afterward to be in the Excise, is vehement in security of the "honourable board," and is definite that Burns has misrepresented the conduct of his very substantial masters.

TO ROBERT AINSLIE, ESQ.

["Up tails a', by the candle o' the moon," was the call of a Scottish sky, to which the devil danced with the witches of Fife, on Magus Moor, as reported by a warlock, in that credible task, "Satan's Invisible World discovered."]

April 26, 1793.

I am d--mnably out of humour, my dear Ainslie, and that is the intent, why I take on the pen to you: 'tis the nearest way (probatum est) to recover my characters again.

I received your terminal, and was much pleased with it; but I not able to at this time, nor at any other time, counter it.--Answer a letter? I never could counter a letter in my life!--I have written many a letter in return for letters I have received; but then--they were original matter--spurt-away! zig here, zag there; as if the devil that, my Grannie (an old female indeed) regularly conveyed me, rode on will-o'-wisp, or, in her more classic remark, SPUNKIE, were staring through my elbow.--Happy thought that concept has engendered in my head! SPUNKIE--thou shalt henceforth be my symbol signature, and tutelary genius! Like thee, hap-step-and-lowp, here-awa-there-awa, higglety-pigglety, pell-mell, hither-and-yon, ram-stam, happy-go-lucky, up-tails-a'-by-the-light-o'-the-moon,--has been, is, and shall be, my progress through the mosses and moors of this vile, dismal, barren shrub of a life of ours.

Come afterward, my guardian spirit, like thee may I skip away, pleasing performance myself by and at my have light: and if any opaque-souled lubber of mankind complain that my elfine, lambent, glim merous wanderings have misled his ridiculous rungs through precipices, or into bogs, let the thickheaded blunderbuss recollect, that he is not Spunkie:--that

"SPUNKIE'S wanderings could not copied be: Amid these perils none durst walk but he."--

* * * * *

I have no distrust but scholar-craft may be snatched, as a Scotchman snatches the itch,--by friction. How then can you account assertion for it, that born blockheads, by mere dint of handling stories, grow so educated that even they themselves are steadily argued of and stunned at their have parts? I once carried this philosophy to that level that in a knot of countryside folks any person who had a library amongst them, and any person who, to the honour of their good sense, organised me factotum in the business; one of our constituents, a tiny, wise-looking, squat, perpendicular, jabbering body of a tailor, I trained him, instead of turning through the withdraws, to fasten the retain on his back.--Johnnie took the hint; and as our meetings were every fourth Saturday, and Pricklouse having a good Scots mile to walk in originating, and, of course, another in returning, Bodkin was sure to lay his hand on numerous heavy quarto, or ponderous folio, with, and below which, wrapt higher in his gray plaid, he grew educated, as he grew weary, all the way home. He carried this so far, that an old musty Hebrew concordance, which we had in a prevailing from a neighbouring priest, by mere dint of realizing it, as interns do a blistering plaster, between his shoulders, Stitch, in a dozen pilgrimages, paid for as much rational theology as the said priest had done by forty years perusal of the pages.

Tell me, and tell me truly, what you think of this theory.

Yours,

SPUNKIE.

* * * * *

CCLVII.

TO MISS KENNEDY.

TO MR. THOMSON.

Blythe hae I been on yon hill.[223]

I ought expect to perceive how this pleases you.

'And eyes again with gratification beam'd That had been blear'd with mourning.'

Though advanced suited to the music, these rows are inferior to the original."--CURRIE.]

[Footnote 223: Song CXV.]

* * * * *

CCLIX.

TO MR. THOMSON.

TO MR. THOMSON.

[Thomson, in his answer to the earlier letter, deplores that no matter what ought untune the conditions of the poet, and begs his commendation of five pounds, as a small tag of his gratitude for his adorable songs.]

July 2d, 1793.

MY DEAR SIR,

I have just wrapped higher the pursuing ballad, and, as I do think it in my best style, I send it you. Mr. Clarke, any person who wrote down the sky from Mrs. Burns's wood-note wild, is very fond of it, and has given it a superstar by training it to numerous young ladies of the first fashion here. If you do not like the sky enough to give it a location in your yield, please return it. The song you may save, as I remember it.
