In the happy period of golden age where all celestial inhabitants down to earth and talked familiar with fatal, among the most cherished by the heavenly powers were twins, the offspring of Jupiter, Love and Joy. What they found flowers sprung up under their feet, it seemed the sun shone with a brighter radiance, and all nature embellished by their presence, they were inseparable companions, and their growing attachment was favored by Jupiter, who had decreed that a lasting union should be celebrated between them as soon as they arrived at mature years. But meanwhile departed sons of men from their native innocence, deputy and ruin the racing world with giant steps, Astrea with her train of heavenly Visitantes, left their polluted abode; Laws alone, has been stolen away from Hope, who was his nurse and conveyed by her to the forest of Arcadia, where he was brought up among shepherds. But Jupiter is awarded him a second partner, and told him to go into Sorrow, daughter of Até. He complied with reluctance, for her features were hard, her eyes sunken, his forehead wrinkles together for ever, and her temples surrounded by a wreath of cypress and wormwood. From this union sprung virgin, in whom could be traced a strong resemblance to both her parents, but the cross and unamiable pull her mother was so mixed with the sweetness of her father that her face, but sad, was highly appealing. Maids and shepherds gathered around and called her compassion. A red-breast was observed to build the cabin, where she was born, and while she was still a baby, a dove, pursued by a hawk, flew for refuge in her bosom. She had a dejected look, but so soft and gentle a face, that she had loved the enthusiasm. Her voice was low and plaintive, but inexpressibly sweet, and she loved to lie for hours on the banks of some wild and melancholy stream singing to her lute. She taught men to cry, because she took a strange delight in tears, and often when maidens of Hamlet was assembled at their evening sports, she would steal in among them and capture their hearts by her tales of charming sadness. She wore on her head a wreath, which consists of her father's myrtles twisted with her mother's cypress. One day as she sat musing by the water of Helicon, her tears by chance fell in the spring, and since then, the Muses' spring has tasted of the infusion. Compassion was under the command of Jupiter to follow the steps of her mother through the world, fall balm in the wounds she did, and binding up the hearts she had broken. She comes with her hair loose, her bosom bare and throbbing, her clothes torn off Briar and her feet bleeding with the roughness of the path. The nymph is mortal, is to so is her mother and when she finishes her intended course on earth, they both expire together, and Love again united with Joy, his immortal and long break.

* * * * *

The Contemporary TRAVELLERS.

ACCOUNT OF THE volcanic formations NEAR Rhine.

(From a correspondent.)

There is a volcanic country on the left bank between Remagen and Andernach, very interesting to the naturalist, but I do not frequented by the general application of travelers. The late accounts, however, of formations of similar nature and Clermont Auvergne, in central France, and speculated that these phenomena have given rise to, determined me to explore this part of town while I was in the neighborhood. Bid adieu, therefore, that the green little island nun Worth, I made the journey to Brohl, a comfortable day's walk of sixteen miles, passing through Oberwinter, Remagen and Breysig, and the other white and slate villages, enlivens river. This is the valley of the Rhine is narrowing, and succession of ridges and valleys as the road skirts, sometimes quite deserted, in others covered with thick vines and fruit trees. While the former factory is gratifying in shades of its leaves, and the idea of cultivation and plenty of its thick groves here, but there is a stiffness in the regularity with which it grows, supported by sticks, and it is so short that one's fancy as to its luxuriance, is (especially if formed from such poetry as Childe Harold,) certainly disappointed.
