
In the happy period of the golden age when all the celestial inhabitants descended upon the
earth and conversed familiarly with mortals, among the most cherished of the heavenly powers
were twins, the offspring of Jupiter, Love, and Joy. Wherever they appeared, flowers sprung
up beneath their feet, the sun shone with a brighter radiance, and all nature seemed embellished
by their presence; they were inseparable companions, and their growing attachment was favoured
by Jupiter, who had decreed that a lasting union should be solemnized between them as soon
as they arrived at mature years. But in the meantime, the sons of men deviated from their native
innocence; vice and ruin over-ran the earth with giant strides; and Astrea with her train of
celestial visitants, forsook their polluted abode; Love alone remained, having been stolen
away by Hope, who was his nurse, and conveyed by her to the forest of Arcadia, where he was
brought up amongst the shepherds. But Jupiter assigned him a different partner, and commanded
him to espouse Sorrow, the daughter of Até. He complied with reluctance, for her features were
harsh, her eyes sunken, her forehead contracted into perpetual wrinkles, and her temples encircled
with a wreath of cypress and wormwood. From this union sprung a virgin, in whom might be traced
a strong resemblance to both her parents; but the sullen and unamiable features of her mother
were so blended with the sweetness of the father, that her countenance, though mournful, was
highly pleasing. The maids and shepherds gathered round and called her Pity. A red-breast was
observed to build in the cabin where she was born; and while she was yet an infant, a dove,
pursued by a hawk, flew for refuge into her bosom. She had a dejected appearance, but so soft
and gentle a mien, that she was beloved to enthusiasm. Her voice was low and plaintive, but
inexpressibly sweet; and she loved to lie for hours on the banks of some wild and melancholy
stream singing to her lute. She taught men to weep, for she took a strange delight in tears;
and often when the virgins of the hamlet were assembled at their evening sports, she would
steal in among them and captivate their hearts by her tales of charming sadness. She wore on
her head a garland, composed of her father's myrtles twisted with her mother's cypress. One
day as she sat musing by the waters of Helicon, her tears by chance fell into the spring; and
ever since, the muses' spring has tasted of the infusion. Pity was commanded by Jupiter to
follow the steps of her mother through the world, dropping balm into the wounds she made, and
binding up the hearts she had broken. She follows with her hair loose, her bosom bare and throbbing,
her garments torn by the briars, and her feet bleeding with the roughness of the path. The
nymph is mortal, for so is her mother; and when she has finished her destined course upon earth,
they shall both expire together, and Love be again united to Joy, his immortal and long-betrothed
bride.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE CONTEMPORARY TRAVELLER.

ACCOUNT OF THE VOLCANIC FORMATIONS NEAR THE RHINE.

(From a Correspondent.)

There is a volcanic country on the left bank between Remagen and Andernach, highly interesting
to the naturalist, but I believe not visited by the generality of travellers. The late accounts,
however, of the formations of a similar kind in Auvergne and Clermont, in the centre of France,
and the speculations to which these phenomena have given rise, determined me to explore this
district whilst I was in the neighbourhood. Bidding adieu, therefore, to the green little island
of Nonnenworth, I made the journey to Brohl, a convenient day's walk of sixteen miles, passing
through Oberwinter, Remagen, and Breysig, and the other white and slated villages that enliven
the river. It is here the valley of the Rhine narrows, and the succession of ridges and dales
which the road skirts, are sometimes entirely barren, at others thickly covered with vines
and fruit-trees. Though the former plant is pleasing in the tints of its leaf, and in the idea
of cultivation and plenty that its thick plantations present, yet there is a stiffness in the
regularity in which it grows, propped up by sticks; and it is so short, that one's fancy as
to its luxuriance, (especially if formed from such poetry as Childe Harold,) is certainly disappointed.
