When I swear my own oath, 'tis just, by God! of all oaths the most direct. They say that Socrates swore by the dog; Zeno had for his oath the same interjection at this time use among the Italians, Cappari! Pythagoras swore by water and air. I am very apt, without thinking of it, to get the impression surface, that if I have Majesty or the fiend in my mouth for three days together, they go out instead of Excellency demesne and eight days after , and what I said at the sports day and fool would say to me tomorrow to-seriously. So, in text, I am more reluctant to commit to some beaten, lest I should handle at the other expenses. Each subject is equally fertile to me: a fly will serve the purpose, and 'tis well if this I have in hand has not been done at the recommendation of as flighty a will. I can start, with that which give me the best, for the subjects are all linked together.

But my soul displeases me, in that it often creates its conceits deep and cool and the best that you give me, when I least expect them or study them, and then suddenly disappeared, there was News current affairs, nothing to apply them; on horseback at the table, and on the Bed: but most on horseback, where I had put out to think. I speak of is a unique little jealous of silence and attention: if I talk to my best, whoever interrupts me, stop me. In tourism, the need of how often cease to discourse, besides which I, for the most part, travel without company fit for regular faculty, by which means I have all the I will be entertaining to entertain myself. It fell out just as in my dreams, while dreaming I recommend them to my memory (since I apt to dream that I dream), but, next morning, I can represent the themselves about what their skin, whether gay, or sad or strange, but what they did, as to the rest, the more I tried to take them deeper I plunge them in oblivion. So, thoughts that come accidentally into my head, but I do not have a vain image remaining in my memory, just enough to get me myself tormented in their search not purposes.

Well, then, set the book aside, and simpler and more material to say, I find, after all, that love is nothing, but thirst of enjoying the object desired, or Venus any other thing than the pleasure of discharging of a ship, like the nature of fun for the other parts in the exhaust, which by immoderation or indiscretion become vicious. According Socrates, love is the appetite of the next generation of the mediation of beauty. And when I consider the ridiculous titillation of this pleasure, and, crack-do nonsense, natural motion that it inspires Zeno and Cratippus, the indiscreet rage, the countenance inflamed with anger evil and cruelty in the sweetest effects of love, and then the austere air, so grave, severe, ecstatic, in a wanton act like that, that we fall in love and excrements are promiscuously our pear together, and that the supreme pleasure brings along with it, as in pain, fainting and complaining, I believe it is true, as Plato said, that the god is the man for their sport:

"Quaenam jocandi Saevitia ista!"

["With a sport cruelty" (Or:) What is an unkindness in jesting "- Claudian in Eutrop. i. 24.]

and that it was in mockery that nature has ordered agitative best and most popular action, to make us equal, and to put fools and prudent man, animals and us, on a level. Even the contemplative and cautious, as I imagine him in this posture, I hold him and a colleague to pretend to touch causing a caution and contemplation, they are the "peacock feet that abate his pride:

"Ridentem dicere verum quid vetat?"

["What prevents us telling the truth with a smile?" - Horace, Sat, i. I, 24.]

They were expelled from serious imagination of their sport, work, a friend said, as he did not dare to worship the saints, if not covered with a veil. We eat, indeed, as animals do, but this is not the act of obstructing the functions of the soul, in what we maintain our advantage over them; this act all professional Others think differently, and by its imperious authority makes an ass of all Plato's divinity and philosophy, and is on its complaint.
