When I swear my own oath, 'tis only by God! to all oaths the most direct. They say that Socrates swore by the dog, Zeno had for his oath the same interjection at this point in use among the Italians, Cappari! Pythagoras swore by water and air. I am so apt, without thinking about it, to receive these superficial impressions, that if I have Majesty or Highness in the mouth three days together, leaving instead of Excellence and Honor, after eight days, and what I say to-day in sport and I will say the same trick the next day seriously. Therefore, in writing, I more unwillingly undertake beaten arguments, lest I should handle them at another's expense. Each subject is equally fertile to me: a fly will serve the purpose, and if this is good I have in hand has not been conducted on the recommendation of a capricious as. I can start with what I like better for the issues are all interrelated. 
But my soul displeases me, as it usually produces its most profound concepts and more spacious and to please me best, when you least expect or study for them, and suddenly disappear, having at the moment, nothing that applies to them horse cases in the table and in bed, but most on horseback, where I feel much given to thinking. My tongue is a nice little jealous of silence and attention: if I am talking my best, he interrupts me, stops me. When traveling, the need is often ending the speech, other than me, for the most part, travel without a good company for regular discourses, by which means they have all the entertainment that I entertain. It falls like in my dreams; while dreaming I recommend them to my memory (I am fit for the dream that I have sleep), but the next morning, it can represent myself than they were skinned, happy if, or sad, or strange, but what were, like the rest, the more I try to recover, they sink deeper into oblivion. So the thoughts that come accidentally in the head, I have nothing but a vain image remaining in my memory, and just enough to make me torment myself in their quest in vain.

Well, then, the books aside, and more simply and materially speaking, I think, after all, that love is nothing but a thirst to enjoy the desired object, or Venus any other thing than the pleasure of downloading ships of one, as nature gives pleasure in the performance of other parties, either by lack of restraint or indiscretion become vicious. According to Socrates, love is the appetite of generation by the mediation of beauty. And when I think the ridiculous excitement of pleasure, the absurd, brain crack, wild movements with which it inspires Zeno and Cratippus, the indiscreet rage, the countenance inflamed with fury and cruelty in the sweetest of the effects of love, and then that austere air, so grave, severe, ecstatic, in the frantic action that our delights and our excrements are promiscuously shuffled together and that the supreme pleasure brings, such as pain, fainting and complaining, I think that is true , as Plato says, that the gods by man for their sport: 

"Ista jocandi Quaenam Saevitia!" 

["With a cruel sport" (O:) "What a lack of goodness is a joke!" - Claudia in Eutrope. i. 24.] 

and that was a mockery that nature has ordered more agitative of common shares and that make us equal, and to put fools and wise men, beasts and us, on one level. Even the most contemplative and prudent man, when I imagine him in this position, I maintain a reckless type to claim to be cautious and contemplative, but they are the feet of the peacocks, "to reduce their pride: 

"Dicere verum Quid Ridentem vetat?" 

["What prevents us from telling the truth with a smile?" - Horace, Sat, i. I, 24.] 

Those who banish serious imaginations from their sports, do, says one, like him, who dares not worship the statue of a saint, if not covered with a veil. We eat and drink, in fact, as animals do, but it is not actions that obstruct the functions of the soul, these maintain our advantage over them, this action other topics all other thought, and its imperious authority makes an ass of all divinity and philosophy of Plato and yet there is no complaint from him.
