Only tis when I swear my own oath, 'By God! All oaths the most direct. They say that Socrates swore by the dog; Zeno Italians, Cappari his pledge to use the time was the same exclamation! Pythagoras swore by water and wind. I am so apt, without thinking, receive these superficial impressions, that if I or my face with Her Majesty in three days, they come out instead of Excellency and eight days after the owner, and what I do say in the day game tomorrow and I seriously say to him fooled. Which in writing, even though I want more debate beaten, lest I should handle them and spending. Every subject is equally fertile to me: a fly serve the purpose, 'tis well if it will and I will be in the hands of fickle as the recommendation has not been introduced. I want the best that I can start with that, for all subjects are related to each other.

But I am my soul displeases, that their deepest and most airy conceits it usually produces the best and which I please, when I least expect or study for them, and who disappeared suddenly, at the moment, to apply them having nothing, on horseback on the table, and in bed: on horseback, where I'll have to think at the most. Well telling me a little envious of silence and attention: If I am talking my best, whoever I interrupts, prevents me. Travel, often will put a stop to argue the way required, besides which I, for the most part, the company fit for regular discourses without traveling, by which I mean all the leisure I have myself Entertainment. It is broken because it is in my dreams, dreaming I recommend them to my memory whilst (for I am apt dream that I dream), but, next morning, I can represent myself Colors What they were, whether gay, or sad, or funny, but what they were, as to relax, and I try to get them back, deeper I plunge them into oblivion. Thoughts that come accidentally into my head, I do not now, but remaining an image in my memory is wasted, I just find myself in her enough pain to no purpose.

Then, laying books aside, more just and truly speaking, I find after all, that love is nothing but the desired object or a vessel discharging thank the joy than any other thing pleasure of enjoying nature just as other parts of thirst discharges, either indirectly or immoderation become vicious places. According to Socrates, love is the appetite of generation by the mediation of beauty. And when I have the pleasure, the absurd, crack-brained, wild speed with which the Zeno and Cratippus, unreasonable anger, and love the sweet face inspired idea to tickle funny effect swelling with indignation cruelty, and then that austere air, so severe, severe, ecstatic, in so wanton an action that delights us and our excrements are promiscuously with a shuffled, and with it brings eternal bliss, as pain, fainting and complaining that, I believe it really to be, as Plato says that the gods created man to his game:

"Quaenam ista jocandi Saevitia!" 

["With a sportive cruelty" (Or:) "What an unkindness there is in jesting!"--Claudian in Eutrop. i. 24.] 

And that it was fun and the most common agitative the nature of the action is ordered, make us equal, and the fools and wise men, animals and put us on a level. Even the most contemplative and prudent man, when I imagine him in this state, I and a cheeky sense to hold partner pretend to be objective, and he "More legs are his pride abate:

"Ridentem dicere verum Quid vetat?" 

["What prevents us from speaking truth with a smile?" --Horace, Sat., i. I, 24.] 

They play critical imaginations outcast who, what, a say, as he likes, not a saint's statue covered with a veil not you dare. We eat and drink, in fact, as animals do, but those of us on these benefits in maintaining the spirit of the tasks that are not obstruct the action, this action all other thought on other subjects, and Your royal authority has an ass of all Plato's divinity and philosophy, and yet it has no complaints there.
