In 1837 secularization was made by Ramon Estrada. The 1839-1840 reports show that two thirds of the cattle and sheep had disappeared. Destruction of the mission was very quick. The neophyte population in 1832 was 1,125, in 1834 around 800 and by the end of the decade around 290, with 150 more scattered in the district.

The total baptism from 1777 to 1874 is 8640, deaths 6950th

The old record of marriage records from 3222 weddings January 12, 1778, to August 15, 1863.

In 1833 Padre Viader closed his missionary work of nearly forty years in California to leave the country, and Padre Francisco Garcia Diego, the prefect of Zacatecan monks, became his successor. Diego then became the first bishop of California.

In July 1839 a party called Yozcolos, doubtless after their leader, attacked neophytes guarding Santa Clara wheat fields, killing one of them. The attackers were persecuted and their leader killed, and the placing of his head on a pole seemed to act as a deterrent further actions for a while.

In December the same year Prado Mesa submits an expedition against gentile robbers in the region of the Stanislaus River. He was surprised by the enemy, three men were killed, and he and six others wounded, besides losing a number of his arms. The Indian success is due to great alarm, and a regular patrol was organized to operate between San Jose and San Juan Mission for the protection of ranches. This uprising of the Indians was almost inevitable. Deprived of their maintenance at the missions, they were almost thrown on their own resources, and in many cases left them a prey to the evil leadership of desperate men of their own class.

Santa Clara was one of those missions directly affected by the decree of Micheltorena, of 29 Mar. 1843, requires that the Padres resume management of temporalities. They bring its work to gather up what fragments they could find, but flocks and herds were "loaned" where they could not be recovered, and a flock of 4000 sheep - the padre says 6000 - were taken by MJ Vallejo, "legally in aid from the government. "

Pio Pico's decree of 5 June 1845 hit Santa Clara. Andrés Pico made an assessment of the property at $ 16,173. There were then 130 ex-neophytes, live-stock had sunk to 430 cattle, 215 horses and 809 sheep. The padre found it necessary to write a sharp letter to the alcalde of San Jose in grog-shops Pueblo, who encouraged drinking among his Indians to the extent that they were completely demoralized.

March 19, 1851, the parish priest, who was a cultivated and learned Jesuit, who had prepared the way succeeded in that Santa Clara, which was established in the old Mission buildings. On the 28th April 1855, it was chartered with all rights and privileges of a university. In due time, the College grew to large proportions, and it was found important to either remove the old Mission structure wholly or renovate it out beyond recognition. The latter was done so, but little of the old church back.

I restore it in 1861-1862 the ship was allowed to stay, but in 1885 it was found necessary to remove it. Its walls were five feet thick. The adobe bricks were thrown out on the square behind the cross.

The current occupation of Santa Clara as a university and a church made necessary an adaptation of the old convents to meet modern conditions. Therefore, casual visitors will hardly notice that the reception in the room, which he has ushered in is a part of the old monasteries. The walls are about three meters thick and are of adobe. In the garden rays from the monastery roofs are to be seen.

The Old Mission winery where the grapes to thrive, has now transformed into a garden. A number of old olive trees still. Of the three original bells of the mission, two still call the faithful to worship. One of them was broken and would culminate in San Francisco.

On the altar there are angels with flambeaux in their hands, wood carving. These are considered work of Indians. There are also several old statues of saints, including San Joaquin, Santa Ana, San Juan Capistrano, and Santa Colette. In sodality chapel, which also has statues of San Francisco and San Antonio. Altar rail of the restored Santa Clara Church were made from bars in the old Mission.
