
In 1837 secularization was effected by Ramon Estrada. In 1839-1840 reports show that two-thirds
of the cattle and sheep had disappeared. The downfall of the Mission was very rapid. The neophyte
population in 1832 was 1125, in 1834 about 800, and at the end of the decade about 290, with
150 more scattered in the district.

The total of baptisms from 1777 to 1874 is 8640, of deaths 6950.

The old register of marriages records 3222 weddings from January 12, 1778, to August 15, 1863.

In 1833 Padre Viader closed his missionary service of nearly forty years in California by leaving
the country, and Padre Francisco García Diego, the prefect of the Zacatecan friars, became
his successor. Diego afterwards became the first bishop of California.

In July, 1839, a party called Yozcolos, doubtless after their leader, attacked the neophytes
guarding the Santa Clara wheat-fields, killing one of them. The attackers were pursued, and
their leader slain, and the placing of his head on a pole seemed to act as a deterrent of further
acts for awhile.

In December of the same year Prado Mesa made an expedition against gentile thieves in the region
of the Stanislaus River. He was surprised by the foe, three of his men killed, and he and six
others wounded, besides losing a number of his weapons. This Indian success caused great alarm,
and a regular patrol was organized to operate between San José and San Juan Missions for the
protection of the ranches. This uprising of the Indians was almost inevitable. Deprived of
their maintenance at the Missions, they were practically thrown on their own resources, and
in many cases this left them a prey to the evil leadership of desperate men of their own class.

Santa Clara was one of the Missions immediately affected by the decree of Micheltorena, of
March 29, 1843, requiring that the padres reassume the management of the temporalities. They
set to work to gather up what fragments they could find, but the flocks and herds were "lent"
where they could not be recovered, and one flock of 4000 sheep--the padre says 6000--were taken
by M.J. Vallejo, "legally, in aid of the government."

Pio Pico's decree of June 5, 1845, affected Santa Clara. Andrés Pico made a valuation of the
property at $16,173. There were then 130 ex-neophytes, the live-stock had dwindled down to
430 cattle, 215 horses, and 809 sheep. The padre found it necessary to write a sharp letter
to the alcalde of San José on the grog-shops of that pueblo, which encouraged drinking among
his Indians to such extent that they were completely demoralized.

March 19, 1851, the parish priest, who was a cultivated and learned Jesuit, and who had prepared
the way, succeeded in having the Santa Clara College established in the old Mission buildings.
On the 28th of April, 1855, it was chartered with all the rights and privileges of a university.
In due time the college grew to large proportions, and it was found imperative either to remove
the old Mission structure completely, or renovate it out of all recognition. This latter was
done, so that but little of the old church remains.

In restoring it in 1861-1862 the nave was allowed to remain, but in 1885 it was found necessary
to remove it. Its walls were five feet thick. The adobe bricks were thrown out upon the plaza
behind the cross.

The present occupation of Santa Clara as a university as well as a church necessitated the
adaptation of the old cloisters to meet the modern conditions. Therefore the casual visitor
would scarcely notice that the reception-room into which he is ushered is a part of the old
cloisters. The walls are about three feet thick, and are of adobe. In the garden the beams
of the cloister roofs are to be seen.

The old Mission vineyard, where the grapes used to thrive, is now converted into a garden.
A number of the old olive trees still remain. Of the three original bells of the Mission, two
still call the faithful to worship. One was broken and had to be recast in San Francisco.

On the altar, there are angels with flambeaux in their hands, of wooden carving. These are
deemed the work of the Indians. There are also several old statues of the saints, including
San Joaquin, Santa Ana, San Juan Capistrano, and Santa Colette. In the sodality chapel, also,
there are statues of San Francisco and San Antonio. The altar rail of the restored Santa Clara
church was made from the beams of the old Mission.
