The right to food intended for the civilian population must stop, so in any case be admitted as an effective 'cordon' controlling engagement with the enemy was drawn up, announced, and maintained. Furthermore, regardless of the rights arising from belligerent action in the nature of the blockade, some other nations, differ from the views of the governments of the United States and Britain, found that the food of the civilian population to stop a natural and legitimate method to bring pressure to bear on an enemy country as it is on the defense of a besieged city. It also upheld the authority of both Prince Bismarck and Count Caprivi, and therefore probably not inconsistent German morale.

The following are the quotations from Prince Bismarck and Count Caprivi at this point Prince Bismarck. In answering, in 1885, an application of the Kiel Chamber of Commerce for a statement of the position of the German government on the issue of the right to declare as contraband foodstuffs not intended for military forces said: "I answer to the Chamber of Commerce that any prejudice our commercial interests and may suffer from the treatment of rice smuggling of war is not just us against a measure which is thought fit to participate in the practice of a foreign war Every war is a calamity which entails evil effects not only on the struggle, but also on neutrals .. These evils can easily be increased by the intervention of a neutral power with the way a third over the war to the detriment of the subjects of the intervention force and through the German market with much more heavily weighted as a transition losses from the ban on rice trade in Chinese waters. The relevant measure for its goal of shortening the war by increasing the difficulty of the enemy and is a step in a war is justified when applied impartially against all neutral ships. "

"Count Caprivi, during an interview in the German Reichstag on March 4, 1892, on the topic of the importance of the international protection of private property in the sea, the following statements:" A country may be dependent for its food or for her raw products in its trade. In fact, it is absolutely essential to the enemy's trade credentials. "The private institution of provisions in Paris was banned during the siege, and in the same way a nation would be justified in preventing the importation of food and raw produce."

"The Government of Great Britain declares said, in collaboration with the Government of France, their intention to the German attempt at all stores of every kind to stop leaving or entering British or French ports themselves will stop delivery or from Germany to meet . For this purpose, the British fleet brought a blockade effectively managed by Cruiser 'cordon' all passage to and from Germany by sea, the difference between the two policies are. However, since our goal is the same as that of Germany, we propose to achieve this without prejudice to neutral ships or non-combatant lives, or inflicting damage on the neutral to be caused when a ship and its cargo was sunk, without notice, investigation or hearing.

"I must again emphasize that this measure is a natural and necessary consequence of the unprecedented methods of struggle on all law and morality that described above is that Germany began to adopt at the beginning of the war and the consequences of which continue to build."

American ambassador in London.

IV.

AMERICAN INVESTIGATION OF THE METHOD reprisal.

The American government on March 5 to receive similar messages of inquiry to the ambassadors in London and Paris search of both England and France how the statements in the Anglo-French note proclaiming an embargo on all trade between Germany and neutral countries would be carried into effect . The message to London, were as follows:

WASHINGTON, March 5, 1915.

With regard to the recent communications received from the British and French governments with regard to restrictions on trade with Germany, you can communicate with the British Foreign Office in the following sentence:

The problem of determining action on the British and French declarations of intended retaliation in trade with Germany is in the nature of the proposed measures in relation to their trade by neutrals.
