Before, on the other hand, he could decide what to say, diversion answered for him: 'He says from Monsieur Mangier, just by.' 
'Strange!' said Mademoiselle Blasé. 'A clerk of Monsieur Deville’s has been taken into care this very morning on feeling of having stolen this very note.' 
Poor Bertrand! He felt as if seized with vertigo; and a astonished, chaotic sense of mortal peril shot through his brain, as Marie's solemn warning with respect to Deville rose up like a specter before him. 
'I have heard of that condition,' said Detour. And then, as Bertrand did not, or could not speak, he added: 'You had better, perhaps, mademoiselle, send for Monsieur Deville.' 
This proposition elicited a wild, desperate cry from the confused young man, who rushed distractedly out of the banking-house, and hastened with frantic speed towards the Rue St Antoine--for the moment unparsed. 
Half an hour afterwards, Detour and a bank-clerk arrived at Mademoiselle de la Tour's. They found Bertrand and Marie together, and both in a state of high nervous excitement. 'Monsieur Deville,' said the clerk, 'is now at the bank; and Monsieur Blasé requests your presence there, so that whatever misapprehension exists may be cleared up without the intervention of the agents of the public force.' 
'And pray, monsieur,' said Marie, in a much firmer tone than, from her pale aspect, one would have expected, 'what does Monsieur Deville himself say of this out of the ordinary affair?' 
'That the note in question, mademoiselle, must have been stolen from his desk last evening. He was absent from home from half-past seven till ten, and unfortunately left the key in the lock.' 
'I was sure he would say so,' gasped Bertrand. 'He is a demon, and I am lost.' 
A bright, almost disdainful look shone in Marie's fine eyes. 'Go with these gentlemen, Hector,' she said; 'I will follow almost immediately; and remember'---- What else she said was delivered in a quick, low whisper; and the only words she permitted to be heard were: 'Pas un mot, is too maimed' (Not a word, if thou loves me). 
Bertrand found Messieurs Deville, Blaine, and Mangier in a confidential room; and he remarked, with a nervous shake, that two gendarmes were stationed in the passage. Deville, though very pale, sustained Bertrand's glance of rage and astonishment without flinching. It was plain that he had steeled himself to carry through the diabolical device his revenge had planned, and the fluttering hope with which Marie had inspired Bertrand died within him. Deville repeated slowly and firmly what the clerk had previously stated; adding, that no one save Bertrand, Jeanne Favor, and the clerk whom he first suspected, had been in the room after he left it. The note now shaped was the one that had been stolen, and was safe in his desk at half-past seven the previous evening. M. Mangier said: 'The assertion of Bertrand that I advanced him this note, or any other, is completely false.' 
'What have you to say in reply to these grave suspicions?' said M. Blasé. 'Your father was an honest man; and you, I hear, have hitherto borne a blameless character,' he added, on finding that the accuse did not speak. 'Explain to us, then, how you came into possession of this note; if you do not, and satisfactorily--though, after what we have heard, that seems barely possible--we have no option but to give you into custody.' 
'I have nothing to say at present--nothing,' muttered Bertrand, whose impatient furtive looks were every instant turned towards the door. 
'Nothing to say!' exclaim the banker; 'why, this is a tacit admittance of guilt. We had better call in the gendarmes at once.' 
'I think,' said Detour, 'the young man's refusal to speak is owing to the entreaties of Mademoiselle de la Tour, whom we overheard implore him, for her sake, or as he loved her, not to say a word.' 
'What do you say?' exclaimed Deville, with quick interrogation, 'for the sake of Mademoiselle de la Tour! Bah! You could not have heard aright.' 
'Pardon, monsieur,' said the clerk who had accompanied Detour: 'I also distinctly heard her so express herself--but here is the lady herself.' 
The entrance of Marie, accompany by Jeanne Favor, greatly surprised and startled M. Deville; he glanced sharply in her face, but unable to encounter the indignant expression he met there, quickly averted his look, whilst a hot flush glowed clearly out of his pale features.
