Before, however, he can decide what to say, Dufour answered for him: 'He says from Monsieur Mangier, just by. "

'Strange!' Blaise said mis. 'The clerk of Monsieur Derville's are taken into custody this very morning on suspicion of having stolen this very note. "

Poor Bertrand! He felt as if seized with vertigo, and a stunned, chaotic sense of mortal danger shot through his brain, like Marie's solemn warning with respect to Derville rose up like a ghost before him.

'I have heard these things,' said Dufour. And then, as Bertrand is not, or can not speak, he added: 'You are better, perhaps, miss, send for Monsieur Derville. "

This proposal elicited a wild, desperate cry from the bewildered young man, who rushed distractedly out of the home-banking, and hastened to furious speed towards the Rue St Antoine - for the moment unpursued.

Half an hour later, Dufour and a bank-clerk arrived at de la Tour's miss. They found Bertrand and Marie together, and both in a state of high nervous excitement. 'Monsieur Derville,' said the clerk, 'is now in the bank, and Monsieur Blaise request your presence there, so any existing theory could be wrong cleared up without intervention of agents of public power. "

'Then pray, sir,' said Marie, with a much firmer tone, from his pale aspect, one would have expected, 'what does Monsieur Derville himself say this strange affair? "

'That is the question mark, miss, should be stolen from his desk last night. He was absent from home from half past seven until 10, and unfortunately left the key in the lock. '

'I am sure he will say so,' gasped Bertrand. 'He was a magician, and I was lost. "

A bright, almost disdainful expression shone in Marie's fine eye. 'Go to the gentlemen, Hector,' he said, 'I will follow immediately, and remember' ---- What he said was delivered in a fast, low whisper, and the only words he allowed heard, 'Pas un mot, the m'aime tu' (Not a word, if thou lovest me).

Bertrand found Derville Messieurs, Blaise, and Mangier a private room, and he remarked, with a nervous trembling, two gendarmes were stationed on the runway. Derville, though very pale, long-Bertrand's glimpse of the anger and astonishment without flinching. It is clear that he has steeled himself to carry the device by its diabolical revenge is planned, and the fluttering hopes which are inspired Marie Bertrand died within him. Derville repeated gently and firmly what the clerk had previously stated, adding, with no save Bertrand, Jeanne Favart, and the clerk whom he first suspected, was in the room after he left it. The note has now made one that was stolen, and was safe at his desk at half past seven the previous night. M. Mangier said: 'The statement of Bertrand, who advanced him I remember it, or any other, is in the wrong. "

'What do you say in reply to the grave suspicions? " said M. Blaise. 'Your father is an honest man, and you, I hear, until now have borne an irreproachable character,' he added, finding that the accused did not speak. 'Explain to us, then, how you came to having a sign if you are not, and enjoyable - though, after what we heard, that hardly seems possible - we have no alternative but to provide you with caution. '

'I have nothing to say at present is - nothing,' muttered Bertrand, whose eyes are bored stolen every moment that turned towards the door.

'Nothing to say!' exclaimed the banker, 'why, it is an implicit admission of guilt. We better call the gendarmes at once. '

'I think,' said Dufour, 'the refusal of young people to speak is due to the entreaties of miss de la Tour, whom we overheard him pray, for his sake, or as he loved her, not Needless to say a word. '

'What do you say? " Derville exclaimed, with a quick question, 'for the sake of miss de la Tour! Ever! you may not have heard correctly. '

'Pardon, Monsieur,' said the clerk with Dufour: 'I also heard so distinctly his express himself - but here is the woman herself. "

The entry of Marie, accompanied by Jeanne Favart, very surprised and startled M. Derville, he glanced sharply at his face, but did not encounter the angry expression he met there, quickly averted his appearance, while a hot flush glowed perceptibly out of his pale features.
