The irregularity of changes in the situation made it impossible for the mouse to depend on the position of your choice. It is an interesting fact that the dancer quickly learns to choose the correct position if the cards are alternately in the left box to the right. 
The population, although unfounded, the impression that the mice have a keen sense of smell may lead to a critic of these experiments to claim that discrimination, in all probability was olfactory rather than visual. As a precaution against this possibility the cartoons were often renewed, so that no smell of mouse body itself should serve as a guide to the condition, the different types of board were used from time to time, and as a final test The boxes are coated with lacquer so that any characteristic odor that may have had for the dancer was disguised if not completely destroyed. Despite all these precautions to discrimination of the cases continued. An even more compelling that they have to do with discrimination of brightness, and only that, in these experiments has been provided by the results of tests carried out with the white-black apparatus was arranged so that light was transmitted in both electrical boxes through a frosted glass plate to the bottom of each table. We do not accept cards were used. The lighting in each box was controlled by changes in the position of light sources. Under these conditions, so it could be determined by a critical examination of the results, as well as careful observation of animal behavior that made their decisions, there was another factor leading to the difference in brightness. However, mice discriminated black from white to perfection. This makes unnecessary any discussion of the possibility of discrimination by the texture or the shape of the boxes. 

From a variety of precautionary tests did not reveal the presence, in these experiments, any other condition that the difference in brightness in which the mice were able to choose well, and as evidence of the ability to discriminate brightness differences obtained using while responding lamps light (cardboard) and transmission (behind frosted glass), it is necessary to conclude that the dancer has the vision to shine. 

CHAPTER VIII 

THE SENSE OF SIGHT: BRIGHTNESS VISION (continued) 

Since the dancer's ability to perceive the brightness has been shown by experiments in the previous chapter, the next step in this investigation of the nature of vision is a study of the delicacy of brightness discrimination, and the JND value ratio brightness. Put another way, the problems of this part of the research is to determine how slight a difference in brightness allows the dancer to discriminate light of another, and what is the relationship between the absolute brightness of two lights and the amount of difference is just enough to make the lights distinguishable. It has been discovered in the case of the human being a stimulus must be increased in a specific part of your own value if you want to appear different. Brightness, within a certain intensity, this increase should be about one-hundredth of a brightness of 100 units, for example, is significantly different from one of the 101 units. The formulation of this relationship between the quantity of a stimulus and the amount of change that is necessary to note that the difference is known as Weber's law. Does this law, in any form, maintain the brightness of the vision of the mouse ball? 

Two methods were used in the study of these problems. For the first problem, the delicacy of brightness discrimination, I first used the light that is reflected in the documents of gray, according to the method of Chapter VII. For the second test of the law of Weber, the transmitted light was used in a device that is described below. Either method could have been used to solve both problems. "What is the most satisfying is definitely determined by the results that are the subject of the chapter in natural conditions, probably the dancer to see objects that reflect light more often than they pass, but it seems more fair, therefore, require that the situations of discrimination that differ in brightness. This use of the documents makes gray.
