The irregularity of the changes in position rendered it impossible for the mouse to depend
upon position in its choice. It is an interesting fact that the dancer quickly learns to choose
correctly by position if the cardboards are alternately on the left box and on the right.

The prevalent, although ill-founded, impression that mice have an exceedingly keen sense of
smell might lead a critic of these experiments to claim that discrimination in all probability
was olfactory rather than visual. As precautions against this possibility the cardboards were
renewed frequently, so that no odor from the body of the mouse itself should serve as a guiding
condition, different kinds of cardboard were used from time to time, and, as a final test,
the cardboards were coated with shellac so that whatever characteristic odor they may have
had for the dancer was disguised if not totally destroyed. Despite all these precautions the
discrimination of the boxes continued. A still more conclusive proof that we have to do with
brightness discrimination, and that alone, in these experiments is furnished by the results
of white- black tests made with an apparatus which was so arranged that light was transmitted
into the two electric-boxes through a ground glass plate in the end of each box. No cardboards
were used. The illumination of each box was controlled by changes in the position of the sources
of light. Under these conditions, so far as could be ascertained by critical examination of
the results, in addition to careful observation of the behavior of the animals as they made
their choices, there was no other guiding factor than brightness difference. Nevertheless the
mice discriminated the white from the black perfectly. This renders unnecessary any discussion
of the possibility of discrimination by the texture or form of the cardboards.

Since a variety of precautionary tests failed to reveal the presence, in these experiments,
of any condition other than brightness difference by which the mice were enabled to choose
correctly, and since evidence of ability to discriminate brightness differences was obtained
by the use of both reflected light (cardboards) and transmitted light (lamps behind ground
glass), it is necessary to conclude that the dancer possesses brightness vision.

CHAPTER VIII

THE SENSE OF SIGHT: BRIGHTNESS VISION (Continued)

Since the ability of the dancer to perceive brightness has been demonstrated by the experiments
of the previous chapter, the next step in this investigation of the nature of vision is a study
of the delicacy of brightness discrimination, and of the relation of the just perceivable difference
to brightness value. Expressed in another way, the problems of this portion of the investigation
are to determine how slight a difference in brightness enables the dancer to discriminate one
light from another, and what is the relation between the absolute brightnesses of two lights
and that amount of difference which is just sufficient to render the lights distinguishable.
It has been discovered in the case of the human being that a stimulus must be increased by
a certain definite fraction of its own value if it is to seem different. For brightness, within
certain intensity limits, this increase must be about one one-hundredth; a brightness of 100
units, for example, is just perceivably different from one of 101 units. The formulation of
this relation between the amount of a stimulus and the amount of change which is necessary
that a difference be noted is known as Weber's law. Does this law, in any form, hold for the
brightness vision of the dancing mouse?

Two methods were used in the study of these problems. For the first problem, that of the delicacy
of brightness discrimination, I first used light which was reflected from gray papers, according
to the method of Chapter VII. For the second, the Weber's law test, transmitted light was used,
in an apparatus which will be described later. Either of these methods might have been used
for the solution of both problems. Which of them is the more satisfactory is definitely decided
by the results which make up the material of this chapter, Under natural conditions the dancer
probably sees objects which reflect light more frequently than it does those which transmit
it; it would seem fairer, therefore, to require it to discriminate surfaces which differ in
brightness. This the use of gray papers does.
