The random changes in position made it impossible for the mouse to depend upon position in its decision. 
The prevalent impression that mice have an extremely keen sense of smell might lead a critic of these experiments to claim that discrimination, in all probability, was olfactory rather than visual. As a precaution, the cardboards were renewed frequently, so that no odor from the body of the mouse itself could serve as a guiding circumstance, different kinds of cardboard were used from time to time. As a final test, the cardboards were coated with shellac so that whatever characteristic odor they may have had for the dancer was disguised if not totally destroyed. Stubbornly, the discrimination of the boxes continued. 
A still more conclusive proof that we have to do with brightness discrimination, and that alone, in these experiments is furnished by the results of white- black tests made with an apparatus which was so arranged that light was transmitted into the two electric-boxes through a ground glass plate in the end of each box. No cardboards were used. The illumination of each box was controlled by changes in the position of the sources of light. Under these conditions,  in addition to careful observation of the behavior of the animals as they made their choices, there was no other guiding factor than brightness difference. Nevertheless the mice discriminated the white from the black perfectly. This renders unnecessary any discussion of the possibility of discrimination by the texture or form of the cardboards. 
Since a variety of precautionary tests failed to reveal the presence of any condition other than brightness difference by which the mice were enabled to choose correctly, and thus evidenced an ability to discriminate brightness differences was obtained by the use of both reflected light (cardboards) and transmitted light (lamps behind ground glass), it is necessary to conclude that the dancer possesses brightness vision. 
CHAPTER VIII 
THE SENSE OF SIGHT: BRIGHTNESS VISION (Continued) 
The next step in this investigation, of the nature of vision, is a study of the delicacy of brightness discrimination, and of the relation of the perceivable difference to brightness value. Articulated in another way, the problems of this portion of the investigation are to determine how slight a difference in brightness enables the dancer to discriminate one light from another, and what is the relation between the absolute brightnesses of two lights and that amount of difference which is just sufficient to render the lights distinguishable. The formulation of  relation between the amount of a stimulus and the amount of change, in humans, which is necessary that a difference be noted is known as Weber's law. Does this law hold for the brightness vision of the dancing mouse? 
Two methods were used in the study of these problems. For the first problem, that of the delicacy of brightness discrimination, I first used light which was reflected from gray papers, according to the method of Chapter VII. For the second, the Weber's law test, transmitted light was used, in an apparatus which I will describe later. Either of these methods might have been used for the solution of both problems; whichever of them is the more satisfactory is definitely decided by the results which make up the material of this chapter. Under natural conditions the dancer probably sees objects which reflect light more frequently than it does those which transmit it; it would seem fairer, therefore, to require it to discriminate surfaces which differ in brightness.
