And the dance went on, and revelry rose to its
maddest pitch. But no one, who, as has been recorded above, had heard the sound of the wheels,
gave a thought to the Duke of AVADRYNKE, as he sat tearing his hair in the violet bedroom,
having learnt from the faithful Seneschal the terrible news of the Duchess's elopement with
the heir to the house of PODOPHLIN.

CHAPTER III.

THE morn of the race dawned clear and sparkling. Far as the eye could reach, the banks of the
river were rich with Millions, and firm enough to bear any run upon them however heavy. But
Sir WELFORARD LONGSTROKE was ill at ease. His No. 5 had fled leaving no trace, and he had no
one to fill the vacancy. He looked the very model of an aquatic hero. His broad chest was loosely
clad in a pair of blue satin shorts, and his fair hair fell in waving masses over his muscular
back. His thoughts were bitter. The Camford crew had started on the race some ten minutes ago,
and the Oxbridge craft still waited idly in the docks for want of a No. 5.

"Surely," Sir WELFORARD thought to himself, "PODOPHLIN might have postponed the elopement for
one day." A confused noise interrupted his meditations. Some ten yards from him a man roughly
clad, but with the immense muscular development of the Arri Furnese Apollo, was engaged in
fighting three bargees at once. As Sir WELFORARD stepped forward, this individual struck a
terrible blow. His ponderous fist, urged by the force of a thirty-inch biceps, crashed through
the chest of his first foe, severed the head of the second from his body, and struck the third,
a tall man, full in the midriff, propelling him through the air into the middle of the river.
"That's enough for one day," he said, as with an air of haughty melancholy he removed his clay-pipe
from his mouth. His face seemed familiar to Sir WELFORARD. Who could he be? All doubt was removed
when he advanced, grasped Sir WELFORARD by the hand, and, in tones broken with emotion, said,
"Don't you recognise me? I am your old College chum, Viscount STONYBROKE."

CHAPTER IV.

"SAVED! Saved!" shouted Sir WELFORARD, joyously--"there is yet time!" Then, rushing into rhyme,
he asked, "Will you row in the race, In PODOPHLIN'S place?"

"Will I row in the race?" repeated Lord STONYBROKE--"just won't I!" And, without removing his
hobnails, or his corduroys, he sprang lightly into the Oxbridge racing-boat. The rest is soon
told. In less time than it takes to narrate the story, the Camford lead was wiped out. The
exertion proved too much for seven men in the Oxbridge Crew, but the gigantic strength of the
eighth, Lord STONYBROKE, was sufficient of itself to win the race by fifty lengths. And that
night, when the Prime Minister handed to him the reward of victory in the shape of a massive
gold dessert service, he was also able to announce that the STONYBROKE estates and the STONYBROKE
title had been, by the Monarch's command, restored to their original possessor, as a reward
of conspicuous valour and strength.             [THE END.]

       *       *       *       *       *

       *       *       *       *       *

Walt Whitman.

  "The good grey Poet" gone! Brave, hopeful WALT!
  He might not be a singer without fault,
  And his large rough-hewn rhythm did not chime
  With dulcet daintiness of time and rhyme.
  He was no neater than wide Nature's wild,
  More metrical than sea-winds. Culture's child,
  Lapped in luxurious laws of line and lilt,
  Shrank from him shuddering, who was roughly built
  As cyclopean temples. Yet there rang
  True music through his rhapsodies, as he sang
  Of brotherhood, and freedom, love and hope,
  With strong wide sympathy which dared to cope
  With all life's phases, and call nought unclean.
  Whilst hearts are generous, and whilst woods are green,
  He shall find hearers, who, in a slack time
  Of puny bards and pessimistic rhyme,
  Dared to bid men adventure and rejoice.
  His "yawp barbaric" was a human voice;
  The singer was a man. America
  Is poorer by a stalwart soul to-day,
  And may feel pride that she hath given birth
  To this stout laureate of old Mother Earth.

       *       *       *       *       *

OUR CRICKETERS.--The English Cricketing Team came to the end of their Australian tour last
week, where, under the leadership of Lord SHEFFIELD, out of twenty-six matches they won thirteen,
lost two, and eleven were drawn. The Eleven of course were drawn over and over again, i.e.,
photographed.
