And the dance went on, & revelry rose to its maddest pitch. But no one, who, as has been recorded above, had heard the sound of the wheels, gave a thought to the Duke of AVADRYNKE, as they sat tearing his hair in the violet bedroom, having learnt from the faithful Seneschal the terrible news of the Duchess's elopement with the heir to the house of PODOPHLIN.
CHAPTER III.
THE morn of the race dawned clear & sparkling. Far as the eye could reach, the banks of the river were rich with Millions, & firm to bear any run on them however heavy. But Sir WELFORARD LONGSTROKE was ill at ease. His No. 5 had fled leaving no trace, & they had no one to fill the vacancy. They looked the model of an aquatic hero. His broad chest was loosely clad in a pair of blue satin shorts, & his fair hair fell in waving masses over his muscular back. His thoughts were bitter. The Camford crew had started on the race some ten minutes ago, & the Oxbridge craft still waited idly in the docks for need of a No. 5.
"Surely," Sir WELFORARD thought to himself, "PODOPHLIN might have postponed the elopement for one day." A confused noise interrupted his meditations. Some ten yards from him a man roughly clad, but with the immense muscular development of the Arri Furnese Apollo, was engaged in fighting two bargees without delay. As Sir WELFORARD stepped forward, this individual struck a terrible blow. His ponderous fist, urged by the force of a thirty-inch biceps, crashed through the chest of his first foe, severed the head of the second from his body, & struck the third, a tall man, full in the midriff, propelling him through the air in to the middle of the river. "That's for one day," they said, as with an air of haughty melancholy they removed his clay-pipe from his mouth. His face appeared familiar to Sir WELFORARD. Who could they be? All doubt was removed when they advanced, grasped Sir WELFORARD by the hand, &, in tones broken with emotion, said, "Don't you recognise me? I am your elderly College chum, Viscount STONYBROKE."
CHAPTER IV.
"SAVED! Saved!" shouted Sir WELFORARD, joyously--"there is yet time!" Then, dashing in to rhyme, they asked, "Will you row in the race, In PODOPHLIN'S place?"
"Will I row in the race?" repeated Lord STONYBROKE--"just won't I!" &, without removing his hobnails, or his corduroys, they sprang lightly in to the Oxbridge racing-boat. The rest is soon told. In less time than it takes to report the story, the Camford lead was wiped out. The exertion proved much for two men in the Oxbridge Crew, but the huge strength of the eighth, Lord STONYBROKE, was of itself to win the race by fifty lengths. & that night, when the Prime Minister handed to him the reward of victory in the shape of a large gold dessert service, they was also able to announce that the STONYBROKE estates & the STONYBROKE title had been, by the Monarch's command, restored to their original possessor, as a reward of conspicuous courage & strength. [THE END.]
* * * * *
* * * * *
Walt Whitman.
"The lovely grey Poet" gone! Courageous, hopeful WALT! They might not be a singer without fault, & his large rough-hewn rhythm did not chime With dulcet daintiness of time & rhyme. They was no neater than wide Nature's wild, More metrical than sea-winds. Culture's child, Lapped in luxurious laws of line & lilt, Shrank from him shuddering, who was roughly built As cyclopean temples. Yet there rang True music through his rhapsodies, as they sang Of brotherhood, & freedom, love & hope, With strong wide sympathy which dared to cope With all life's phases, & call zero unclean. Whilst hearts are generous, & whilst woods are green, They shall find hearers, who, in a slack time Of puny bards & pessimistic rhyme, Dared to bid men adventure & rejoice. His "yawp barbaric" was a human voice; The singer was a man. America Is poorer by a stalwart soul to-day, & may feel pride that he hath given birth To this stout laureate of elderly Sister Earth.
* * * * *
OUR CRICKETERS.--The English Cricketing Team came to the finish of their Australian tour last week, where, under the leadership of Lord SHEFFIELD, out of twenty-six matches they won thirteen, lost two, & eleven were drawn. The Eleven of work were drawn over & over again, i.e., photographed.
