Long years ago great grandfathers Dandy mare made fat.scroggins made trod pieces in boots and shoes.the memory of departed were paid for old scroggins .
Dr.johnson says virtues let us indulge ourself in recollection.Though it was not formed in the finest mould, or endowed with extremity of swiftness, the pace was sure and steady equal to Hannibal in endurance of fatigue. and like that celebrated commander, his aspect was peculiarly fierce and striking by a blemish in his eye not ignorant of the way to woodstock was the wal eyed veterannot unacquainted with the covers at Ditchley; The  unaccustomed to the walls at Hethrop, Dandy and Scroggins have padded the hoof from this terrestrial and unstable world--peace to their manes!--Blackwood's

An examination of the friction in screws having their threads of various forms, had led M. Poncelet to this very important conclusion, namely, that the friction in screws with square threads is to that of equal screws with triangular threads, as 2.90 to 4.78, proving a very important advantage of the former over the latter, relative to the loss of power incurred in both by friction.--Brande's Journal. According to M. Landgerbe, a mixture of two parts nitre,neutral carbonate of potash, one part of sulphur, and six parts of common salt, all finely pulverized, makes a very powerful fulminating powder. M. Landgerbe adopts the extraordinary error of supposing that these preparations act with more force downwards than in any other direction.
Aurora Borealis.

An aurora borealis was North End of Hampstead, London,started work from about seven o'clock until eleven, on the evening of Dec. 1. It generally appeared as a light resembling twilight, but shifting about both to the east and the west of north, and occasionally forming streams which continued for several minutes, and extended from 30 to 40 degrees high. The light on the horizon was not more than 12 or 15 degrees in height.--Brande's Journal
According to the Paris papers, a new invention, called papier linge, has lately attracted much attention. It consists of a paper made closely to resemble damask and other linen, not only to the eye, but even to the touch. The articles are used for every purpose to which linen is applicable, except those requiring much strength and durability. The price is low, a napkin costs only five or six centimes (about a halfpenny), and when dirty, they are taken back at half-price. A good sized table-cloth sells for a franc, and a roll of paper with one or two colours for papering rooms or for bed curtains, may be had for the same price. 
M. de St. Vincent, of Havre, states, from his own experience of long continuance, that when bottles containing wine are closed by tying a piece of parchment or bladder over their mouths, instead of using corks in the ordinary manner, the wine acquires, in a few weeks only, those qualities which is only given by age in the ordinary way after many years.--Nouveau Jour, de Paris
Indications of Wholesomeness in Mushrooms.

Whenever a fungus is pleasant in flavour & odour, it may considered wholesome; if, on the contrary, it could have offensive smell, a bitter, astringent,styptic taste,unpleasant flavour in the mouth, it should not be considered fit for food. The colour, figure, & texture of these vegetables do not afford any characters on which we can safely rely; yet it may be remarked, that in colour, the pure yellow, gold colour, bluish pale, dark or lustre brown, wine red, or the violet, belong to many that are esculent; whilst the pale or sulphur yellow, bright or blood red, and the greenish, belong to few but the poisonous. The safe kinds have most frequently a compact, brittle texture; the flesh is white; they grow more readily in open places, such as dry pastures and waste lands, than in places humid or shaded by wood. In general, those should be suspected which grow in caverns and subterranean passages, on animal matter undergoing purification as well as those whose flesh is soft or watery.--Brande's Journal.
