Dandy mare, we think, made many years ago, fat dogs, great grandfather of the current race, and the old Scroggins, we assume, boots and shoes have been crushed to pieces, the very memory of the departed long, long time before they were paid for. As Dr Johnson says the old Scroggins - - and their properties, we engage ourself in memory. Did not constitute the best in the mold, or quickly concluded with the tip, she was sure and steady pace - equivalent to the fatigue endurance of Hannibal, and, like the celebrated commander, and his fierce striking aspect was rendered quaint by a smear In my eyes, no strangers to the way Woodstock was cross-eyed veteran, Ditchley not unfamiliar with the covers, walls in unaccustomed Hethrop: But Beau and the terrestrial and unstable world cracking padded Scroggins - their ancestors Peace! - Blackwood's Magazine.

* * * * * 

SPIRIT OF DISCOVERY.
 
* * * * * 

Friction of Screws and Screw-presses. 

Various forms of friction in your thread screws having a test, M. Poncelet has led very important conclusion, namely to have friction in the square thread screws with triangular thread screws 2.90-par with that of 4.78 As, ex post, is .-- Brande Journal by friction loss of power relative to spend two more proved a very important advantage.

Fulminating Powder.
 
M. Landgerbe, niter a mixture of two parts, two parts of carbonate of potash as a neutral, a part of sulfur, and normal saline in six parts, all finely pulverized, makes a very powerful fulminating powder. M. These preparations should Landgerbe more than any other force in the direction. -- Bull adopts under the act with the exceptional error. Univ.

Aurora Borealis. 

An aurora borealis North End, Hampstead, London saw the seven o'clock until eleven, 1 December evening. It usually appears as a light twilight appearance, but on both east and northwest to the transfer, and streams which sometimes continued for several minutes, and 30 to 40 degrees make more extended. Light on the horizon height is 12 or 15 degrees did not exceed. -- Brande Journal.

Paper Linen. 

Paris papers, according to a new invention, papier linge called, has recently attracted much attention. This paper consists of close and other linen damask made not only to the eye, akin to the touch however. For articles which are used for every purpose applicable Sun require the most strength and endurance, is leaving. Rates are low, only five or six halfpenny on a napkin (centimes), and costs when dirty, they are taken back at half price. Frank sells for a table cloth a good size, and room for papering or bed scenes with one or two colors of paper roll, for the same price may be.

Maturation of Wine. 

From my own experience, his long maintain M. Harvey, of St. Vincent de, states that the wine bottles containing their mouth closed by tying a piece of parchment or bladder simple manner, using wine corks Instead, are obtained in a few weeks, only that those qualities exist in a simple manner after several years. -- Nouveau Jour, de Paris is by age.

Indications of Wholesomeness in Mushrooms.
 
Whenever a fungus is pleasant in taste and smell, it can be considered healthy if, on the contrary, it is an unpleasant odor, a bitter, astringent or astringent taste, or an unpleasant taste in the mouth even if it is left should not be considered fit to eat. Color, shape and texture of the vegetables of any character to which we can safely rely not afford, yet it is, may be remarked, that in color, pure yellow, bluish pale gold color, the shining black or brown, wine red, purple, or the many that are edible, whilst yellow or sulfur yellow, or bright blood red, and green, but some are poisonous. Safe type most often a compact, brittle texture, white meat, and they like dry pastures and waste lands become more comfortable in open spaces, places damp or shaded by wood. In general, those who doubted the caverns and underground passages should be, animal matter undergoing decomposition, as well as those whose flesh is soft or water .-- Journal Brande.

Zoological Society.
