The dandy mare, we suppose,
has many long years ago made fat the great-grandfathers of the present race of dogs; and old
Scroggins, we imagine, has been trod to pieces in boots and shoes, the very memory of which
departed long, long before they were paid for. Of old Scroggins--as Dr. Johnson says--and of
his virtues, let us indulge ourself in the recollection. Though not formed in the finest mould,
or endowed with the extremity of swiftness, his pace was sure and steady--equal to Hannibal
in endurance of fatigue; and, like that celebrated commander, his aspect was rendered peculiarly
fierce and striking by a blemish in his eye; not ignorant of the way to Woodstock was the wall-eyed
veteran; not unacquainted with the covers at Ditchley; not unaccustomed to the walls at Hethrop:
but Dandy and Scroggins have padded the hoof from this terrestrial and unstable world--peace
to their manes!--Blackwood's Magazine.

       *       *       *       *       *

SPIRIT OF DISCOVERY.

       *       *       *       *       *

Friction of Screws and Screw-presses.

An examination of the friction in screws having their threads of various forms, has led M.
Poncelet to this very important conclusion, namely, that the friction in screws with square
threads is to that of equal screws with triangular threads, as 2.90 to 4.78, proving a very
important advantage of the former over the latter, relative to the loss of power incurred in
both by friction.--Brande's Journal.

Fulminating Powder.

According to M. Landgerbe, a mixture of two parts nitre, two parts neutral carbonate of potash,
one part of sulphur, and six parts of common salt, all finely pulverized, makes a very powerful
fulminating powder. M. Landgerbe adopts the extraordinary error of supposing that these preparations
act with more force downwards than in any other direction.--Bull. Univ.

Aurora Borealis.

An aurora borealis was seen from North End, Hampstead, near London, from about seven o'clock
until eleven, on the evening of Dec. 1. It generally appeared as a light resembling twilight,
but shifting about both to the east and the west of north, and occasionally forming streams
which continued for several minutes, and extended from 30 to 40 degrees high. The light on
the horizon was not more than 12 or 15 degrees in height.--Brande's Journal.

Paper Linen.

According to the Paris papers, a new invention, called papier linge, has lately attracted much
attention. It consists of a paper made closely to resemble damask and other linen, not only
to the eye, but even to the touch. The articles are used for every purpose to which linen is
applicable, except those requiring much strength and durability. The price is low, a napkin
costs only five or six centimes (about a halfpenny), and when dirty, they are taken back at
half-price. A good sized table-cloth sells for a franc, and a roll of paper with one or two
colours for papering rooms or for bed curtains, may be had for the same price.

Maturation of Wine.

M. de St. Vincent, of Havre, states, from his own experience of long continuance, that when
bottles containing wine are closed by tying a piece of parchment or bladder over their mouths,
instead of using corks in the ordinary manner, the wine acquires, in a few weeks only, those
qualities which is only given by age in the ordinary way after many years.--Nouveau Jour, de Paris.

Indications of Wholesomeness in Mushrooms.

Whenever a fungus is pleasant in flavour and odour, it may be considered wholesome; if, on
the contrary, it have an offensive smell, a bitter, astringent, or styptic taste, or even if
it leave an unpleasant flavour in the mouth, it should not be considered fit for food. The
colour, figure, and texture of these vegetables do not afford any characters on which we can
safely rely; yet it may be remarked, that in colour, the pure yellow, gold colour, bluish pale,
dark or lustre brown, wine red, or the violet, belong to many that are esculent; whilst the
pale or sulphur yellow, bright or blood red, and the greenish, belong to few but the poisonous.
The safe kinds have most frequently a compact, brittle texture; the flesh is white; they grow
more readily in open places, such as dry pastures and waste lands, than in places humid or
shaded by wood. In general, those should be suspected which grow in caverns and subterranean
passages, on animal matter undergoing putrefaction, as well as those whose flesh is soft or
watery.--Brande's Journal.

Zoological Society.

