Moll, a tall black girl, about 20 years old, is frequently seen in and around Charleston, and Stone, she has changed her name to Judah, and says it is free. 

James, an individual well done, with a large scar on one cheek, also has a scar on one foot, with the loss of a portion of their toes, is often seen in Charleston and plantation Mr. Manigault. 

Jeffery, a medium well done fellow limb'd straight, about 22 or 23 years of age, a little bite of smallpox, which serves the shipping business. 

Also Jamie, an individual well done, a branch his legs, nearly 20 years of age. BLACKS ARE OVER VERY ARTFUL, speak good English, and probably have changed their names. A reward will be paid three guineas for every one of the black, said in delivering the Head of the Workhouse, in Charleston, or the subscriber in Georgetown. 

This is, therefore, warn all persons from harboring or masters of vessels to carry out the blacks, he said, because it may depend on the conviction, to be treated with the utmost rigor of the law, 

LEWIS DUTARQUE. 

The Gazette of South Carolina, January 26, 1786. 

BROUGHT TO the workhouse 

A girl named Hannah Black, this country was, 4 feet 8 inches tall, 13 or 14 years of age, dark complexion, speaks good English, has a blue black fabric jacket and skirt, much is lost, says the name of its owner is Mr. Rose, and lives in Asbepoo. Taken by James Ackett in this city, February 2, 1786. 

GERLEY JUAN, DIRECTOR. 

State Gazette of South Carolina, February 20, 1786. 

Three Guineas REWARD Runaway 

From plantation of the subscriber is called the Wright señoraLugar near Dorchester, a mulatto man named Joe, 20 years old, five feet five inches tall, speaks English very well, was in when he was a brown jacket and a monkey. Who said peer delivered to the subscriber, will reward the top. 

A. Pleym. 

The Gazette of South Carolina, April 20, 1786. 

RUN-AWAY 

Since the subscriber September, Scipio, a black man probably about 25 years old, has some of the marks of his country on each side of the face, which can be seen in examining closely, notably speaking GOOD IN BLACK ENGLISH , And most ARTFUL, which previously belonged to Captain Ogier, at which time her man was waiting, which is probably in the Santee River, and Stone, as he knows very well there, and indeed in the rest State, generally maintaining a black partner belonging to the Rev. Lewis, deceased, with the name of Brutus, which is the same out of control. Who said he will deliver his companions or insurance, so the subscriber can get, whether living or dead, will receive ten pounds. 

Andrew probably a man of yellow complexion, about 30 years old, his particular brand are not harvested, which previously belonged to the estate of Thomas Sullivan, died, and was sold 12 months ago Mr. Hubert Hodson of Round O, he has a wife in Charleston, who belongs to a free black carpenter, who now lives in King Street, named James Miles, and is suspected of taking shelter there. Who will deliver said fellow or capture in the Work-House in Charleston, so that subscribers will receive five pounds. 

Nancy, a black girl likely Guinea, speaks good English, very clever, and undoubtedly will change its name, and the captain is too, she is branded on the chest thing as L spots, about 5 ½ feet high, it was in 1784, when she belonged to John Logan Esq, Deceased, has been in Charleston most of his time since his absence, undergoes a free girl, and is said to wash and iron for a living. Who said give girl, or her insurance, so the insurance will get paid five pounds. 

All persons are warned to host one of these black, as it can depend on being prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. A handsome reward will be paid by any person who will give information of his being hosted by a white person, so that evidence was admitted of a prosecution. 

Henry Bell. 

Round O at St Bartholomew, August 4, 1786. 

The Gazette of South Carolina, August 21, 1786. 

BLACK IN CUSTODY 

Charles Thomas, very black, has white teeth, is about 5 feet 10 inches tall and about 26 or 27 years old, has had his left leg was broken, which is folded into a little above the ankle, spoke French and English and is a great rogue.
