Moll, tall black and Wench, about 20 years old, was often seen in and about Charleston, and Stono, she has changed her name to Judah, and says it is free.

JAMES, a short-joint is doing well, with a large scar on one cheek, also a scar on one foot, with the loss of his toes, is often seen in Charleston and Mr. Manigault plantation.

Jeffery, mid-size co-limb'd do well immediately, about 22 or 23 years old, and slightly pitted with small rash, and used to coasting business.

Also Jamie, a short-joint is doing well, a little goes a branch, about 20 years old. THE ABOVE VERY crafty rosehips, SPEAK GOOD ENGLISH, and most probably have changed their names. A THREE of guinea reward will be paid for each of said rosehips on delivery to the Workhouse Warden, in Charleston, or the subscriber in Georgetown.

This is therefore to forewarn all persons from carrying, or Masters of vessels carrying off said rosehips, because they depend on conviction, to be treated with the greatest rigor of the law,

LEWIS DUTARQUE.

The South Carolina State Gazette, January 26, 1786.

Coming to the workhouse

A Negro Girl named Hannah, this country born, 4 feet 8 inches tall, 13 or 14 years old, dark complexion, speak GOOD ENGLISH, is having on blue Negro Cloth wrapper and petticoat, fade much, says master name is Mr. Rose, and lived in Asbepoo. Taken up by James Ackett in the City, 2 February 1786.

JOHN GERLEY, WARDEN.

State Gazette of South Carolina, February 20, 1786.

THREE out of control guinea REWARD

Plantation of Subscriber's called Mrs. Wright's Place near Dorchester, AND MULATTO named Fellow joe, about 20 years old, five feet five inches tall, speaks greatly GOOD ENGLISH, was at the time went away and jacket and brown overalls. Whoever submitted jointly to the subscriber will say, get the prize above.

A. PLEYM.

The South Carolina State Gazette, April 20, 1786.

RUN-OFF

Of Subscriber on September last, Scipio, likely co-Black, about 25 years old, a few marks his country on all sides of his face, visible on close examination, it talks very GOOD ENGLISH ABOUT Negro, A is extremely crafty, it formerly belonged to Captain Ogier, and the waiting time was his man, he is probably at, or Stono River Santee, as it is known there, and indeed everywhere else in the State, in general, keeping with fellow Negro belonging to Rev. Mr., deceased Lewis, called Brutus, which is the same as going out of control. Whoever provides the joint or ensuring he said, as the subscriber can get it, either dead or alive they are, being ten pounds.

Andrew is not likely fellow, of a yellow appearance, aged about 30, its specific goals are recollected, formerly belonging to the estate of Thomas, died Sullivan, who sells about 12 months ago Mr. Hubert Hodson, The Round O, has a wife in Charleston, a carpenter who belongs to a free Negro, who now lives in King Street, named James Miles, and is suspected to be harbored there. Whoever provides co-say-or make it in the Charleston Work House, so that the subscriber will be receiving five pounds.

Nancy will, very likely wench Guinea black, speak good english, very crafty, and no doubt changed his name, and master too; she advertised on something almost as L blotched, about 5 ½ feet tall, went away in 1784, in the time it belonged to John Logan, Esq deceased, she has been in Charleston most of his time since his absence, wench is going to be free, and it says wash and iron for a living. Whoever will deliver said wench, or secure, so that the subscriber will be safe is five pounds.

Each person will receive notice through this refuge for one of these rose hips, as they will be prosecuted depends on the rigor of the largest law. Will pay a handsome reward any person who provides information that they harbored by any white person, so that the admission of evidence in prosecution.

HENRY BELL.

St. Bartholomew Parish in Round O's, August 4, 1786.

The South Carolina State Gazette, August 21, 1786.

Negro in custody

THOMAS CHARLES, very black, has white teeth, about 5 feet 10 inches tall, and about 26 or 27 years old, his left leg had been broken, and bends in just about ancle, speaks French and English, and are fraudulent very much.
