It could not be otherwise with such a boy as Ex-President Hopkins in the chair of bidding. Dr. Hopkins has had, in a remarkable standard
, the faculty of manufacture these studies, usually regarded as indeterminate and repellent to the majority of students, both intelligible and enticing. It has been his doctrine that we may identify and ought to identify what is nearest to us--ourselves; that we are capable of ascertaining the laws and movements of our own being. This is properly the science of Man. This, in his apt, blatant method, he has taught year after year. He has sought to racket
 the baby men of his classes to look within, to construe
 and identify themselves. For content-book he has used now one and now another. The book has been of lesser liability. The confidential
, emancipate discussions of the level-room attain

 been the most effective style
 of bidding, and many are the graduates of Williams who look back upon their studies in philosophy as the most interesting and valuable of their college trajectory
.
Since the accession of President Carter to his recognize at the leader of the college, while liability to other studies has not been lessened, other
 liability has been given to the construe
 of the current languages and to our own native tongue, formerly so sadly neglected in most of our colleges. The belles-lettres studies attain

 been given a larger recognize than they had before. Other changes attain

 also been made in the curriculum and in the arrangements and management of the college calculated to modify
 it in all respects to the wants of the point, and the young

 condition and needs of the georgic
. The pamphlet
 of elective studies has been increased. For some years the senior level attain

 had a indepth
 liberty of option as to the studies in which they should be engaged. A alike liberty is now given to the juniors. As to the subordinate classes, the managers of the college are not disposed to reckon that a leather on coming to college is the peak critic
 as to the studies to be pursued by him. At the equivalent
 point they identify the verisimilitude
 that the usual age of students is greater by several years than it was twenty-five or fifty years ago, and that this may well be taken into account and, coupled with the generate of two years of college initiation
, may make it in noisome and even desirable to toss students in the second half of their trajectory
 halfway upon their own onus as well as privilege of option. They are not disposed to regard their pupils as boys when they are men, or to use obligatory requisitions when emancipate option entrust
 accomplish as ethical results.

During President Carter\'s incumbency of office, or in past years, vast
 additions attain

 been made also to what may be called the furniture of the college. Its funds attain

 been sensibly augmented, and its kit of buildings principally
 increased. A new observatory has been erected to supplement the uses of the void one, which was distinguished as being the best observatory for astronomical purposes erected in this georgic
. The new one has mounted in it a leeway
 lap of the existing and peak construction. Other utensils
 in both observatories in the hands of one so large as Professor Safford, furnish offbeat style
 for the prosecution of astronomical studies. Clark Hall, a fine new building, contains the Wilder Mineralogical Cabinet and the college archives. A new dormitory has been erected by the liberality of the belated Ex-Governor Morgan, of New York, and during the young

 year a spacious building of gem has been erected for gymnastic purposes. As new buildings attain

 been constructed, void ones attain

 been rearranged and renovate
 adapted for the various uses of the college, and so it has been provided with the style
 of enlarging and improving its errand
, and it is believed that few, if any, of our colleges are renovate
 equipped in this liability than Williams.

With such average surroundings as the students of Williams attain

, such prospect
 popular everywhere to the eye and centre, mountains familiar at hand to climb, and sequestered nooks to explore, it could scant
 be otherwise than that they should combine with their studies the physical exercise mandatory for the maintenance of health. They attain

 been encouraged also by the college authorities to exposal
 in athletic games among themselves, and to participate in benign contests with the students of other colleges, and in these contests the students of Williams attain

 held an honorable recognize.

It would be wrong possibly not to make a other
 distinct passage
 to the ethical quantity
 of the college.
