It could not be otherwise
with such a man as Ex-President Hopkins in the chair of instruction. Dr. Hopkins has had, in
a remarkable degree, the faculty of making these studies, usually regarded as abstruse and
repulsive to the majority of students, both intelligible and attractive. It has been his conviction
that we may know and ought to know what is nearest to us--ourselves; that we are capable of
ascertaining the laws and movements of our own being. This is properly the science of Man.
This, in his apt, clear way, he has taught year after year. He has sought to lead the young
men of his classes to look within, to study and know themselves. For text-book he has used
now one and now another. The book has been of secondary importance. The familiar, free discussions
of the class-room have been the most effective means of instruction, and many are the graduates
of Williams who look back upon their studies in philosophy as the most interesting and valuable
of their college course.

Since the accession of President Carter to his place at the head of the college, while attention
to other studies has not been lessened, more attention has been given to the study of the modern
languages and to our own native tongue, formerly so sadly neglected in most of our colleges.
The belles-lettres studies have been given a larger place than they had before. Other changes
have also been made in the curriculum and in the arrangements and management of the college
calculated to adapt it in all respects to the wants of the time, and the present condition
and needs of the country. The list of elective studies has been increased. For some years the
senior class have had a wide liberty of choice as to the studies in which they should be engaged.
A similar liberty is now given to the juniors. As to the lower classes, the managers of the
college are not disposed to think that a boy on coming to college is the best judge as to the
studies to be pursued by him. At the same time they recognize the fact that the average age
of students is greater by several years than it was twenty-five or fifty years ago, and that
this may well be taken into account and, coupled with the effect of two years of college training,
may make it safe and even desirable to throw students in the latter half of their course partly
upon their own responsibility as well as privilege of choice. They are not disposed to regard
their pupils as boys when they are men, or to use compulsory requisitions when free choice
will accomplish as good results.

During President Carter's incumbency of office, or in recent years, large additions have been
made also to what may be called the furniture of the college. Its funds have been sensibly
augmented, and its equipment of buildings largely increased. A new observatory has been erected
to supplement the uses of the old one, which was distinguished as being the first observatory
for astronomical purposes erected in this country. The new one has mounted in it a meridian
circle of the latest and best construction. Other instruments in both observatories in the
hands of one so eminent as Professor Safford, furnish unusual means for the prosecution of
astronomical studies. Clark Hall, a fine new building, contains the Wilder Mineralogical Cabinet
and the college archives. A new dormitory has been erected by the liberality of the late Ex-Governor
Morgan, of New York, and during the present year a spacious building of stone has been erected
for gymnastic purposes. As new buildings have been constructed, old ones have been rearranged
and better adapted for the various uses of the college, and so it has been provided with the
means of enlarging and improving its work, and it is believed that few, if any, of our colleges
are better equipped in this respect than Williams.

With such natural surroundings as the students of Williams have, such scenery appealing everywhere
to the eye and soul, mountains close at hand to climb, and sequestered nooks to explore, it
could hardly be otherwise than that they should combine with their studies the physical exercise
necessary for the maintenance of health. They have been encouraged also by the college authorities
to engage in athletic games among themselves, and to participate in friendly contests with
the students of other colleges, and in these contests the students of Williams have held an
honorable place.

It would be wrong perhaps not to make a more distinct reference to the moral character of the
college.
