If Dr. Hopkins was not in the place of the faculty of making these studies, the students  may regard it as obscure and repellent.But as he is the chair of instruction and also he had a remarkable degree the students found it capable of understanding and attractive. He had a firmness of belief that every one have to know themselves. Otherwise we will not be able to ascertain the laws and movements of our own being.He has taught this from year to year. He is not insisted on a particular text book. His class will be always live with  free discussions and he regarded this as the best means of instruction. Because of this many graduadtes of Williams  considered their philosophy classess as the most interesting and valuable of their college studies.
          When  President Carter took place of the office of the head of the college without lessening the attention to other studies insisted on the study of modern languages especialy to the native tounge which is neglected in most of our colleges.The elegant literature have placed first than before.  changes were also made in the curriculum and in the arrangement and management of the college  so as to match with the present conditions and needs of the country.A  variety of elective studies were offered to the juniors as it was given to the seniors. The managers of the college should not consider the juniors as boys as they have become men. The freedom to choose their elective subjects were granted to them and this accomplished better results.
     During the Office of President Carter the funds were increased and  so the furniture and building were also increased. A new observatory was constructed in place of the old one which was renowned for its astronomical purposes and it was mounted in it a meridian circle  of the latest and best erection. Other instruments both in the observatory and in the hands of the well-known professor.Stafford are unique in conducting astronomical studies.A new hall with mineralogical cabinet was also built. A new dormitory has been built with the help of late Ex-governor Morgan  and a spacious gymnastic building also been built.As new buildigs were erected the old ones are re-arranged for other uses.
     Besides all these facilities  it is surrounded by a appealing scenery which empower our eye and soul.Mountains are close to climb and explore which combine a physical exercise  and studies for a healthy personality.More over students are encouraged to participate in athletic games and friendly contests were held between other colleges in which the Williams hold a honorable place.
  It would be wrong not to mention about the moral character of the college.
