Elzeviers, however, no longer fashionable, in this country at least. Caesar could possibly bring five pounds, if it came to the notice of a Elzevier specialist, but I doubt it. [12] only Pastissier have kept exalted Prize, likely because of its notoriety. A copy, in modern calf binding, sold recently (1917) at sothebys has for as much as £ 130; but the Lord Vernon copy, choicely bound by Capé, realized only £ 70 in Sudbury sales in June 1918. But it was a poor copy and very cut down. 

Rail – trains, among other things, has killed Elzeviers. Nothing could be more convenient for Saddle-bag knapsack or limited baggage where one could stowage in the boot of a coach. But who makes a practice today by placing his suit-case or gladstone-bag books? [13] in addition, before the advent of the railways, which was not the same facility for the distribution of books, and one can travel many leagues and visit many villages without coming to a place where there would be a bookstore. In travelling today a is constant for the instance of cheap books. 

The small Pastissier fate was probably many popular books. There must have been thousands of copies of the printed. Dumas, in this delightful chapter in ' Mes Mémoires ', as we have just quoted, makes Nodier says, ' Techener declares that there were five thousand five hundred copies are issued, and I maintain that there was more than ten thousand printed '; and he goes on to declare that "there are probably only ten examples on the left in Europe. ' Willems, however, in his bibliography of Elzeviers published in 1880, enumerates some thirty copies and finds that the highest price ever paid for Pastissier was 10,000 francs. But it was a quite exceptional copy. From 4,500 francs to 5500 francs seems to have been the average value of the book ' Willems time and enthusiast, as he is, he does not hesitate to describe it as a "bouquin insignifiant a médiocrement imprimé. ' 

Its shortage of today is perhaps not surprising; for, from the very nature of its content, its Habitat must have always been kitchen instead of the library. How long would such a small amount with its 130 thin paper magazines, bear the rough and greasy handling of cooks and ' pastissiers '? Book-shelves are rare in kitchens, and the little book must have been constantly moved from pillar to post. Moreover, it is unlikely that copies for kitchen use, will be strongly bound in Morocco. The very printing and paper of the book enough specifies the application as its producers least expected it to be. So the little French pastrycook disappeared gradually. Those for the benefit of it had been written soon would learn its secrets by heart and confide them orally to their apprentices; and it would not be long until tattered and greasy booklet found its way into the wastebasket. 

Of all rarae aves sought book hunter-gatherers is this little volume is perhaps the most prevalent. 

 

Elzeviers, however, are no longer fashionable, in this country two least. 

The Caesar might possibly bring five pounds if it came to the notice of an Elzevier specialist, but I doubt it). [12] only the Pastissier has retained its exalted price, probably on account of its notoriety. 

(A) copy, in modern calf binding, the bosses recently (1917) two Sotheby's for so much as £ 130; but Lord Vernon's copy, choicely bound by Capé, realised only £ 70 to the Sudbury Hall in June 1918. 

However, it was a poor copy and much cut down. 

Railway-trains, among other things, have killed Elzeviers. 

Nothing could be more convenient for saddle-bag or knapsack, or the restricted luggage which one could stow in the boot of a coach. 

But who makes a practice nowadays of putting books into his suit-case or gladstone-behind? [13] Besides, before the advent of railways, there was not the same facility for distributing books, and one might travel many leagues and visit many villages without coming to a place where there would be a bookshop. 

In travelling nowadays one is continually in the presence of cheap books. 

The fate of the little Pastissier was probably that of many popular books. 

There must have been thousands of copies of it printed. 

Dumas, in that Hill in chapter of ' Mes Mémoires ' which we have just quoted, makes Nodier say, ' Techener declares that there were five thousand five hundred copies issued, and I maintain that there were more than ten thousand printed '; and he goes on to declare that ' there are probably only ten examples of it left in Europe. ' 

Willems, however, in his bibliography of the Elzeviers published in 1880, enumerates some thirty copies, and states that the highest spot price yet pre-paid for the Pastissier was 10,000 francs. 

But that was for a quite complete copy. 

From 4,500 francs two 5,500 francs seems to have been the average value of the book in Willems ' hour, duck, enthusiast as he is, he hesitates not to describe it as a ' bouquin insignifiant a médiocrement imprimé. ' 

 

Elzeviers, dog ikke længere fashionable, i dette land i det mindste. Cæsar kunne muligvis bringe fem pund, hvis det skete, at bekendtgørelsen af en Elzevier specialist, men jeg tvivler den. [12] kun Pastissier har opbevaret ophøjet prisen, sandsynligvis på grund af dens berygtet. En kopi, i moderne calf binding, sælges for nylig (1917) på Sothebys for så meget som £ 130; men Herren Vernon kopi, choicely bundet af Capé, realiseres kun £ 70 på Sudbury salg i juni 1918. Men det var en dårlig kopi og meget skære ned. Jernbane-tog, blandt andre ting, har dræbt Elzeviers. Intet kunne være mere belejligt for sadlen-taske knapsack eller begrænset bagage hvor man kunne stuvning i bagagerummet på en coach. Men hvem laver en praksis i dag af ibrugtagning hans kulør-sag eller gladstone-taske bøger? [13] desuden, før indførelsen af jernbaner, der var ikke den samme facilitet til distribution af bøger, og én kan rejse mange ligaer og besøge mange landsbyer uden kommer til et sted, hvor der ville være en boghandel. I rejser i dag en er konstant for forekomsten af billige bøger. Den lille Pastissier skæbne var sandsynligvis mange populære bøger. Der må have været tusinder af kopier af det udskrives. Dumas, i denne dejlige kapitel i 'Mes Mémoires «, som vi netop har citeret, gør Nodier siger,» Techener erklærer at der var fem tusinde fem hundrede kopier udstedes, og jeg fastholder, at der var mere end ti tusinde udskrives'; og han går på at erklære, at "der er sandsynligvis kun ti eksempler på det venstre i Europa.» Willems, dog i hans bibliografi af Elzeviers offentliggjort i 1880, optæller nogle tredive kopier og fastslår, at den højeste pris endnu betalt for Pastissier var 10.000 francs. Men det var en helt usædvanlige kopi. Fra 4.500 francs til 5.500 francs synes at have været den gennemsnitlige værdi af bogen 'Willems tid, og entusiast, som han er, han tøver med ikke at beskrive den som en "bouquin insignifiant et médiocrement imprimé.» Dens knaphed på den dag i dag er måske ikke overraskende; for, fra selve karakteren af dens indhold, dets levested skal altid har været køkkenet i stedet for biblioteket. Hvor længe ville sådan en lille mængde med dens 130 tynde papir blade, bære de uslebne og uvasket håndtering af kokke og 'pastissiers'? Bog-hylder er sjældne i køkkener, og den lille bog skal er blevet konstant flyttet fra søjle til at bogføre. Desuden er det usandsynligt, at kopier til køkken brug vil være stærkt bundet i Marokko. Den meget udskrivning og papir af bogen tilstrækkeligt angiver anvendelsen som dets producenter mindst forventes det skal sættes. Så forsvandt den lille franske pastrycook gradvis. Dem, til hvis fordel for det havde været skrevet snart ville lære sine hemmeligheder ved hjertet og confide dem mundtligt til deres lærlinge; og det ville ikke være lang førend luvslidte og uvasket hæftet fundet vej til skraldespanden. Af alle rarae aves søgt bog-samlere er denne lille volumen måske den mest almindeligt kendt. Elzeviers, however, are no longer fashionable, in this country at least. The Cæsar might possibly bring five pounds if it came to the notice of an Elzevier specialist, but I doubt it.[12] Only the Pastissier has retained its exalted price, probably on account of its notoriety. A copy, in modern calf binding, sold recently (1917) at Sotheby's for so much as £130; but Lord Vernon's copy, choicely bound by Capé, realised only £70 at the Sudbury sale in June 1918. However, it was a poor copy and much cut down. Railway-trains, among other things, have killed Elzeviers. Nothing could be more convenient for saddle-bag or knapsack, or the restricted luggage which one could stow in the boot of a coach. But who makes a practice nowadays of putting books into his suit-case or gladstone-bag?[13] Besides, before the advent of railways, there was not the same facility for distributing books, and one might travel many leagues and visit many villages without coming to a place where there would be a bookshop. Af alle rarae aves søgt bog-samlere er denne lille volumen måske den mest almindeligt kendt. In travelling nowadays one is continually in the presence of cheap books. The fate of the little Pastissier was probably that of many popular books. There must have been thousands of copies of it printed. Dumas, in that delightful chapter of 'Mes Mémoires' which we have just quoted, makes Nodier say, 'Techener declares that there were five thousand five hundred copies issued, and I maintain that there were more than ten thousand printed'; and he goes on to declare that 'there are probably only ten examples of it left in Europe.' Willems, however, in his bibliography of the Elzeviers published in 1880, enumerates some thirty copies, and states that the highest price yet paid for the Pastissier was 10,000 francs. But that was for a quite exceptional copy. From 4,500 francs to 5,500 francs seems to have been the average value of the book in Willems' time, and, enthusiast as he is, he hesitates not to describe it as a 'bouquin insignifiant et médiocrement imprimé.' Elzeviers, however, are no longer fashionable, in this country to least. The Caesar might possibly bring five pounds if it came to the notice of an Elzevier specialist, but I doubt it). [12] only the Pastissier has retained its exalted price, probably on account of its notoriety. (A) copy, in modern calf binding, the sold recently (1917) to Sotheby's for so much as £ 130; but Lord Vernon's copy, choicely bound by Capé, realised only £ 70 to the Sudbury halls in June 1918. However, it was a poor copy and much cut down. Railway-trains, among other things, have killed Elzeviers. Nothing could be more convenient for saddle-bag or knapsack, or the restricted luggage which one could stow in the boot of a coach. But who makes a practice nowadays of putting books into his suit-case or gladstone-behind? [13] Besides, before the advent of railways, there was not the same facility for distributing books, and one might travel many leagues and visit many villages without coming to a place where there would be a bookshop. In travelling nowadays one is continually in the presence of cheap books. The fate of the little Pastissier was probably that of many popular books. There must have been thousands of copies of it printed. Dumas, in that Hill in chapter of ' Mes Mémoires ' which we have just quoted, makes Nodier say, ' Techener declares that there were five thousand five hundred copies issued, and I maintain that there were more than ten thousand printed '; and he goes on to declare that ' there are probably only ten examples of it left in Europe. ' Willems, however, in his bibliography of the Elzeviers published in 1880, enumerates some thirty copies, and states that the highest spot price yet pre-paid for the Pastissier was 10,000 francs. But that was for a quite complete copy. From 4,500 francs two 5,500 francs seems to have been the average value of the book in Willems ' hour, duck, enthusiast as he is, he hesitates not to describe it as a ' bouquin insignifiant a médiocrement imprimé. '
