Every member of the legislature received a Pullman annual. Champagne flowed, not by the bottle, but by the wet-load. Wickersham begged  heard but paid no attention .Nor did he find out that it was a put-up job and the bill finally lost in the Senate committee.  

One of the familiar stories of Field's celebration of life in Denver was at the expense of Oscar Wilde,  on his widely advertised visit to America.  This was when the aesthetic craze and the  inseparable  exaggeration it were as an historical epic adventure that unfolds in the Middle Ages.of maximum. Anticipating Wilde's appearance in Denver by one day, and making shrewdly worded announcements through the Tribune in keeping with his project, Field secured the finest character in town and was driven through the streets in a caricature the quality of realism of the poet of the sunflower and the flowing hair.   


Field's talent as a wag and a mimic enabled him to assume and carry out the expression of bored listlessness which was the popular idea of the leader of aesthetes.  He imitates  behavior or actions of another  of Wilde à la Bunthorne in Gilbert and Sullivan's opera, "Patience," was well calculated to deceive  who were not in the secret. The popular idea of the leader of aesthetes was that  Field's talent as a  wag and a mimic enabled him to assume and carry out the expression of bored and lacking energy. Nobody in the curious, whooping, yelling crowd assembled along the well-advertised route suspected th fanciful, , and  Field succeeded in making his exit from public gaze without betraying his identity.


.  

When Wilde turned up the next day he was not a  mystic to learn that he had created a sensation driving around Denver in the article of clothing of Bunthorne, while in reality travelling over the prairie in a palace-car. It was Field himself who relieved his curiosity with  narrative of the experience of the joker lounging in the seat of honor in the landau.

Nobody in the curious, whooping, yelling crowd assembled along the well-advertised route suspected the delusion, and after an hour's parade Field succeeded in making his exit from public gaze without committing treason of his identity.


Wilde, it is related and saw nothing funny in the affair and  was not provoked at it. His only comment was that it was a  a splendid advertisement for his lecture.

It was while in Denver that Field had numerous and flattering offers to leave journalism for the stage, he was sorely tempted to make the experiment. In the natural qualifications for the theatrical profession he was most richly endowed. In the arts of mimicry he was superior. He had the adaptable face of a comedian, who tells stories and anecdotes with skill and wit. At a banquet or in a parlor he was an entertainer of truly fascinating parts. During his life in St. Louis and Kansas City his inclination had led him to seek the society of the green-room, and in Denver his position enlarged the circle of his acquaintance with the theatrical profession, until it embraced almost every prominent actor and actress in America, and was subsequently extended to include the more the celebrated artists of England. Among his favorites was Madame Bernhardt, whose several visits to the United States gave him an opportunity for some of the most entertaining sketches that ever delighted his Chicago readers.
