Every member of the legislature received a Pullman
annual. Champagne flowed, not by the bottle, but by the dray-load. Wickersham begged for quarter,
but his appeals fell like music on ears that heard but heeded not. Nor did he find out that
the whole affair was a put-up job until the bill was finally lost in the Senate committee.

One of the familiar stories of Field's rollicking life in Denver was at the expense of Oscar
Wilde, then on his widely advertised visit to America. As the reader may remember, this was
when the aesthetic craze and the burlesques inseparable from it were at their height. Anticipating
Wilde's appearance in Denver by one day, and making shrewdly worded announcements through the
Tribune in keeping with his project, Field secured the finest landau in town and was driven
through the streets in a caricature verisimilitude of the poet of the sunflower and the flowing
hair.

The impersonation of Wilde à la Bunthorne in Gilbert and Sullivan's opera, "Patience," was
well calculated to deceive all who were not in the secret. Field's talent as a farceur and
a mimic enabled him to assume and carry out the expression of bored listlessness which was
the popular idea of the leader of aesthetes. Nobody in the curious, whooping, yelling crowd
assembled along the well-advertised route suspected the delusion, and after an hour's parade
Field succeeded in making his exit from public gaze without betraying his identity.

When Wilde turned up the next day he was not a little mystified to learn that he had created
a sensation driving around Denver in the raiments of Bunthorne, while in reality travelling
over the prairie in a palace-car. It was Field himself who relieved his curiosity with a highly
amusing narrative of the experience of the joker lounging in the seat of honor in the landau.

Wilde, it is related, saw nothing funny in the affair, nor was he provoked at it. His only
comment was, "What a splendid advertisement for my lecture."

It was while in Denver that Field had numerous and flattering offers to leave journalism for
the stage, and more than once he was sorely tempted to make the experiment. In the natural
qualifications for the theatrical profession he was most richly endowed. In the arts of mimicry
he had no superior. He had the adaptable face of a comedian, was a matchless raconteur, and
a fine vocalist. At a banquet or in a parlor he was an entertainer of truly fascinating parts.
During his life in St. Louis and Kansas City his inclination had led him to seek the society
of the green-room, and in Denver his position enlarged the circle of his acquaintance with
the theatrical profession, until it embraced almost every prominent actor and actress in America,
and was subsequently extended to include the more celebrated artists of England. Among his
favorites was Madame Bernhardt, whose several visits to the United States afforded him an opportunity
for some of the most entertaining sketches that ever delighted his Chicago readers.
