HE MIRROR OF LITERATURE, fun, and instruction. 
VOL. 13, No. 350.] Saturday, January 3, 1829. PRICE 2d [. 

* * * * * 

Bruce Castle, Tottenham. 

The engraving represents this structure interesting as it appeared in 1686, a copy of an impression, after a Wolridge box. 

The original castle was very old, as is clear from foundations and a brick tower on a deep well, the top of which has been used as a dairy. The castle is said to have been built by the Earl Waltheof, who, in 1069 he married Judith, niece of William the Conqueror, who gave the county of Northampton and Huntingdon on his part. Matilda or Maud, his only daughter, after the death of Simon St. Liz, her first husband, married David, name, King of Scotland and Maud, heiress of Huntingdon being, had in his own right as an appendix to honor, the home of Tottenham in Middlesex. 

Robert Bruce, grandson of David, Earl of Huntingdon, and grandfather of Robert I. Scotland, memorable as the restorer of the independence of his country, became one of the competitors for the crown of Scotland in 1290, but was replaced by John Baliol, Bruce retired to England, and settled on the farm of his grandfather Tottenham, repaired the castle, and the acquisition of another manor house and castle called his name. Shakespeare says: 

Fearless minds climb first crowns, 

and the fate of the two are Bruce "deed of confirmation strong." 

The farm is in possession of the crown, had different owners until 1631, when he was in possession of Hugh Hare, Lord Coleraine. Henry Hare, last lord of that family Coleraine, after being abandoned by his wife, who stubbornly refused for twenty years to return to it, form a connection with Miss Roze Duplessis, a French lady, who had a daughter, born in Italy, whom he called Henrietta Roza Pilgrim, and left all his possessions. This lady was married to the late Mr. Townsend councilman, but being a foreigner, could not have on farms, and willing to be a legal framework prohibits the heirs under the law, so that the property reverted to the crown. However, a grant of these properties, confirmed by Act of Parliament, took Mr. Townsend and his wife, whose son, Henry Hare Townsend, Esq. in 1792, voluntarily sold the property to pay the debts of the family, "although the castle soon be level with the ground, however, the destruction of this ancient fabric you purchase more honor, that if the wisdom of their ancestors had permitted it to restore the three towers, which now only one remains. "[1] 

[1] Gough's Camden. 

The mansion currently is partly antique and modern, in part, and recently was owned by Sir William Curtis, Bart. Until such time that the castle is represented in the engraving, the building must have been many changes, like the tower on the left, and two octagonal towers and center, is a factor.
