He literature, plays, lectures and mirrors. 
VOL. 13, No. 350. Saturday, JANUARY 3, 1829. [Price two-dimensional. 

* * * * * Of 

Bruce Castle, Tottenham. 

It is interesting, as shown in the structure represents a piece of 1686 years; Print and copy photos to and from the Wolridge. 

Based on the original castle appears as a very ancient and deep wells were above the upper part of the old brick tower was used as a dairy. Earl Waltheof castle said to have been built by man, married 1069, Judith, William the Conqueror, for his part of her status of being the Countess of Huntingdon equivalent nosaempeuteongwa nephew. Scotland Matilda or Maud, their only child, Simon St. Liz, her first husband, married David, the name of the first after the death of the King, and Maud, Huntingdon's welfare heiress, in her own right, as an appendix to have that honor, the manor of Tottenham in Middlesex. 

Robert Bruce, David, Earl of Huntingdon, and Robert I of Scotland, the country restored its independence in the memory of his grandfather's grandson, but one contender for the crown of Scotland in 1290 as being replaced by John Baliol, Bruce in the UK, retirement and Tottenham Hotspur in the settlement from the grandfather's property, availability of repair and acquired another manor, you called it after his name availability. Shakspeare says 

Rise of hearts crown soonest fear God, 

The Bruces and the property "is a strong resolve to the Bible." 

The crown being deprived of property, that is, until 1631, when Hugh maybe, God has other carriers in possession of Coleraine. Henry Hair 'is, finally, Lord Coleraine his family, his wife, who obstinately refused by the 20 years, to return to geureulro, uninhabited doeeotgie Miss Roze Duplessis, a French woman, by whom he had a daughter connection with the formation of Italy, he called Henrietta Roza Peregrina, and was born and to whom he left all his property. This lady was married to late Mr Townsend, president, international, and she could not take the property, and legally created and will, the heirs of the law bars jilreotjiman; to crown the property escheated. However, the behavior of these lands to the National Assembly for confirmation of the grant, Mr. Townsend and his wife, whose son, Henry, Hair Townsend, Esq been made. 1792, families voluntarily sell property for payment of debts, and "sex, but soon leveled to the ground, yet the destruction of the ancient fabric geureuleul will acquire more respect, more active if you have prudence of his ancestors, who now remains the only one. "[1] to restore three buildings 

[1] is Gough's Camden. 

Currently part of the mansion, some of the ancient and modern, and very recently, William Curtis, Bart was the property. The period in which to express a piece of castle building, a tower on the left side, and two 8-square and the central tower, will prove to have undergone many changes.
