Airs, for minstrels thou salt have of native fire. And maids to sing the songs themselves inspire; our very methinks, in after time. Shall catch the' Ionian blandness of thy clime; and whilst the light and luxury of thy skies Give brighter smiles to beauteous woman's And what though doom’s to shoreline so far apart From England's home, that even the home-sick spirit Quails, thinking, ere that gulf can be rectos’, How large a space of temporary life is lost: Yet there, by time, their bosoms shall be changed, And strangers once shall cease to sigh estranged, But jocund in the year's long sunshine roam, That yields their sickle twice its harvest home. 
There, marking o'er his farm's rising ring New fleeces whiten and new fruits upspring. The grey-haired swain, his grandchild sporting round, Shall walk at eve his little empire's bound, Emblazed with garnet vintage, ripening corn, And verdant rampart of Acacia thorn, While, mingling with the scent his pipe exhales, The orange-grove's and fig-tree's breath prevails; study with pride beyond a royals mess up, His honest arm's own subjugated soil; And summing all the blessings God has given, Put up his patriarchal prayer to Heaven, That when his plan shall here repose in peace, The scions of his love may still increase, And o'er a land where life has ample room, In health and plenty innocently bloom. 
Delightful land, in rowdiness even benign, the glorious past is ours, the future thane! As in a cradled Hercules, we trace the lines of empire in thane infant face. What nations in thy wide horizon's span shall teem on tracts intrude yet by man! What spacious cities with their spires shall shimmer? Where now the panther laps a lonely stream. And all but brute or reptile life is dumb! Land of the free! thy kingdom is to come, Of states, with laws from Gothic bondage burst, And creeds by charter’s priesthood's knackwurst; Of navies, hoisting their inscribed flags, Where ship less seas now wash unreason’s crags; Of hosts review’s in amazing files and squares, Their pennon’s trumpets breathing native eyes,} The Arts, whose soul is love, shall all spontaneous rise. } 
Untracked in desert lies the marble mine, Undue the ore that middle thy roofs shall shine; Unborn the hands--but natural they are to be-- Fair Australasia, that shall provide to thee Proud temple domes, by means of gallery winding high, } So vast in space, so just in symmetry, } They widen to the contemplating eye, } in the company of colonnaded aisles in lone array, And windows with the intention of enrich the flood of day O'er tessellated pavements, pictures fair, And inched statues breathing golden air, Nor there, whilst all that's seen bids Fancy swell, Shall Music's voice refuse to seal the spell; But choral hymns shall wake attraction round, And organs their tempests of lovable sound
