And what though doom'd to shores so far apart
  From England's home, that ev'n the home-sick heart
  Quails, thinking, ere that gulf can be recross'd,
  How large a space of fleeting life is lost:
  Yet there, by time, their bosoms shall be changed,
  And strangers once shall cease to sigh estranged,
  But jocund in the year's long sunshine roam,
  That yields their sickle twice its harvest home.

  There, marking o'er his farm's expanding ring
  New fleeces whiten and new fruits upspring.
  The grey-haired swain, his grandchild sporting round,
  Shall walk at eve his little empire's bound,
  Emblazed with ruby vintage, ripening corn,
  And verdant rampart of Acacian thorn,
  While, mingling with the scent his pipe exhales,
  The orange-grove's and fig-tree's breath prevails;
  Survey with pride beyond a monarch's spoil,
  His honest arm's own subjugated soil;
  And summing all the blessings God has given,
  Put up his patriarchal prayer to Heaven,
  That when his bones shall here repose in peace,
  The scions of his love may still increase,
  And o'er a land where life has ample room,
  In health and plenty innocently bloom.

  Delightful land, in wildness ev'n benign,
  The glorious past is ours, the future thine!
  As in a cradled Hercules, we trace
  The lines of empire in thine infant face.
  What nations in thy wide horizon's span
  Shall teem on tracts untrodden yet by man!
  What spacious cities with their spires shall gleam.
  Where now the panther laps a lonely stream.
  And all but brute or reptile life is dumb!
  Land of the free! thy kingdom is to come,
  Of states, with laws from Gothic bondage burst,
  And creeds by charter'd priesthood's unaccurst;
  Of navies, hoisting their emblazon'd flags,
  Where shipless seas now wash unbeacon'd crags;
  Of hosts review'd in dazzling files and squares,
  Their pennon'd trumpets breathing native airs,
  For minstrels thou shalt have of native fire.
  And maids to sing the songs themselves inspire;
  Our very speech, methinks, in after time.
  Shall catch th' Ionian blandness of thy clime;
  And whilst the light and luxury of thy skies
  Give brighter smiles to beauteous woman's eyes,                }
  The Arts, whose soul is love, shall all spontaneous rise.      }

  Untrack'd in deserts lies the marble mine,
  Undug the ore that midst thy roofs shall shine;
  Unborn the hands--but born they are to be--
  Fair Australasia, that shall give to thee
  Proud temple domes, with galleries winding high,               }
  So vast in space, so just in symmetry,                         }
  They widen to the contemplating eye,                           }
  With colonnaded aisles in lone array,
  And windows that enrich the flood of day
  O'er tesselated pavements, pictures fair,
  And niched statues breathing golden air,
  Nor there, whilst all that's seen bids Fancy swell,
  Shall Music's voice refuse to seal the spell;
  But choral hymns shall wake enchantment round,
  And organs blow their tempests of sweet sound.
