This, it is thought, may have contained the precious Theban wine, sealed with
the royal signet. There are many other things taken from the tombs which our space forbids
us to dwell upon; such as idols and figures, papyri and phylacteries, paint-pots and colours,
workman's tools, stone and wooden pillows or head-rests, and sandals; a patera with pomegranates,
another with barley, the seven-eared wheat of Scripture, bread and grapes, besides other fruits
and dainties which were supplied to the dead when deposited in the Theban tombs. On a tablet
here we find the name of that Amenophis or Phamenoph, who is celebrated as the Memnon of the
Greeks. We also find bricks as made by the Israelites, and stamped probably in accordance with
the regulations of the revenue department of old Egypt. There are preserved in this and the
adjoining apartments some beautiful ancient manuscripts, and an exceedingly valuable collection
of books on antiquities, to which the visitor has access.

We now ascend to the upper rooms, where in one is a collection of armour, and in the other,
the 'Majolica' Room, specimens of pottery, as revived in Europe in the fifteenth century by
Luca Della Rubbia, who was born in 1388. He discovered the art of glazing earthenware. In the
former of these rooms, all sorts of weapons and defensive apparatus are met with--modern, mediæval,
and antique; some are highly finished, others very rude. In the Majolica Room, there is much
matter for study, and those will fail to appreciate the value of the collection who have not
learned something of the history of the ware. Here is exhibited a Madonna and Child, of about
the year 1420, by Rubbia himself. It was given to Mr Mayer by the Grand Duke of Tuscany, when
the medal of Roscoe was struck and presented. There are five plates, made after the patterns
of the Moors, about the middle of that century, at Pessaro, near the Po; and four with portraits,
marked 'Majolica Amatorii.' We find several other specimens, shewing the most curious anachronisms
and blunders in design. The 'Temptation,' for example, is represented as a plate, with the
drawing of a town and a Dutch church. 'Jacob's Dream,' 'Joseph and his Brethren,' 'Alexander
and Darius,' 'Actæon and Diana,' and such scenes, seem to have been favourites. The specimens
of 'Mezza Majolica,' with raised centres, scroll-work borders, and embossed figures, are very
curious. There are two dishes, each eighteen inches in diameter, of Raffaelle ware, on one
of which is 'Christ healing the Sick,' and on the other, 'Christ driving out the Money-changers.'
Another, of Calabrian ware, is very curious: it is of brown clay, glazed, with four handles,
and inside are the figures of two priests officiating at an altar; behind, are female figures
overlooking, but concealed by latticed-work. There is one object here of local interest, and
with it we bring this description to a close. It is an earthenware map of Crosby, to the north
of Liverpool, made in 1716, at pottery works in Shaws-brow.
