There are many other things taken from the tombs which our space forbids us to dwell upon; such as idols and figures, papyri and phylacteries, paint-pots and colours, workman's tools, stone and wooden pillows or head-rests, and sandals; a patera with pomegranates, another with barley, the seven-eared wheat of Scripture, bread and grapes, besides other fruits and dainties which were supplied to the dead when deposited in the Theban tombs.


 On a tablet here they  find the name of that Amenophis or Phamenoph, who is celebrated as the Memnon of the Greeks. they also find bricks as made by the Israelites, and stamped probably in accordance with the regulations of the revenue department of old Egypt. There are preserved in this and the adjoining apartments some beautiful ancient manuscripts, and an exceedingly valuable collection of books on antiquities,visitors already book the place,ascend to the upper rooms.


      where in one is a collection of armour, and in the other, the 'Majolica' Room, sample  of pottery, as shown in Europe in the fifteenth century by Luca Della Rubbia, who was born in 1388. they discovered the art of glazing earthenware. In the former of these rooms, all sorts of weapons and defensive apparatus are met with modern, mediæval, and antique; some are highly finished, others very rude. In the Majolica Room, there is much matter for study, and those will fail to appreciate the value of the collection who have not learned something of the history of the ware.

              Here is exhibited a Madonna and Child, of about the year 1420, by Rubbia himself. It was given to Mr Mayer by the Grand Duke of Tuscany, when the medal of Roscoe was struck and presented. There are five plates, made after the patterns of the Moors, about the middle of that century, at Pessaro and four with portraits, marked 'Majolica Amatorii. We find several other samples, shewing the most curious anachronisms and blunders in design.designs got blundered.



if we consider The Temptation, as for example, is represented as a plate, with the drawing of a town and a Dutch church. 'Jacob's Dream,' 'Joseph and his Brethren,' 'Alexander and Darius,' 'Actæon and Diana,' and such scenes, seem to have been favourites. The specimens of 'Mezza Majolica,' with raised centres, scroll-work borders, and embossed figures, are very curious. There are two dishes, each eighteen inches in diameter, of Raffaelle ware, on one of which is 'Christ healing the Sick,' and on the other, 'Christ driving out the Money-changers.'

      
Another, of Calabrian ware, is very intrested  it is made of  brown clay, glazed, with four handles, and inside are the figures of two priests officiating at an altar; they  are female figures overlooking, but concealed by well furnished work. There is one object here of local interest, and with it we bring this details to a close. It is an earthenware map of Crosby, to the north of Liverpool, made in 1716, at pottery works  displayed in Shaws-brow.
