
We had to rough it while travelling from Kuopio to Uleåborg. Often eggs, milk, and black bread
with good butter were the only reliable forms of food procurable, and the jolting of the carts
was rather trying; but the clothes of the party suffered even more than ourselves--one shoe
gradually began to part company with its sole, one straw hat gradually divided its brim from
its crown, one of the men's coats nearly parted company from its sleeve, and the lining inside
tore and hung down outside. We had not time to stop and mend such things as we might have mended,
so we gradually grew to look worse and worse, our hair turning gray with dust, and our faces
growing copper-coloured with the sun. We hardly looked up to West End style, and our beauty,
if we ever possessed any, was no longer delicate and ethereal, but ruddy and robust. We were
in the best of health and spirits, chaffing and laughing all day long, for what is the use
of grumbling and growling over discomforts that cannot be helped--and half the joy of compagnons
de voyage is to laugh away disagreeables at the time, or to chat over curious reminiscences
afterwards.

Never less alone than when alone is a true maxim; but not for travelling; a pleasant companion
adds a hundredfold to the pleasures of the journey, especially when the friendship is strong
enough to stand the occasional strains on the temper which must occur along wild untrodden paths.

On that memorable drive through Savolax in Northern Finland, we paid a somewhat amusing and
typical visit to a Pappi (clergyman) at a Pappila, or rectory. These country Luthersk Kyrka
(Lutheran churches) are few and far between, a minister's district often extending eight or
ten miles in every direction, and his parishioners therefore numbering about six or eight thousand,
many of whom come ten miles or more to church, as they do in the Highlands of Scotland, where
the Free Kirk is almost identical with the Lutheran Church of Finland. In both cases the post
of minister is advertised as vacant, applicants send in names, which are "sifted," after which
process the most suitable are asked to come and perform a service, and finally the Pappi of
Finland, or minister of Scotland, is chosen by the people.

There is seldom an organ in the Finnish country churches, and, until Andrew Carnegie gave some,
hardly ever in the Scotch Highlands--each religion has, however, its precentor or Lukkari,
who leads the singing; both churches are very simple and plain--merely whitewashed--perhaps
one picture over the altar--otherwise no ornamentation of any kind.

On one of our long drives we came to a village proudly possessing a church and a minister all
to itself, and, being armed with an introduction to the Pappi, we arranged to call at the Pappila.

"Yes," replied a small boy with flaxen locks, "the Pappi is at home." Hearing which good news
in we went. It was a large house for Finland, where a pastor is a great person. There were
stables and cow-sheds, a granary, and quite a nice-sized one-storeyed wooden house.
