While travelling from Kuopio to Uleåborg  was really tough. Eggs, milk, and black bread with good butter were the only food procurable. Jolting of the carts was harder, clothes of the party suffered even more than travellers-- shoes, hat   men's coats etc were tearing out due to heavy strain. No time to stop and repair such things as as it would have damaged us. It gradually grew to look worse, hair turning gray with dust and  faces getting sun burn. It was  hard to look up to West End style, and  beauty   possessed as no longer it was delicate and heavenly,rosy and robust. Grumbling and growling over discomforts are not justified, since in the best of health and spirits it has been enjoyed and laughed all day. he sufferings and disagreeables has to be born with.

The philosophy for travelling lonely is not advisable. A pleasant companion adds a hundredfold to the pleasures of the journey, especially when the friendship is strong . In wild unknown areas, many hazards have to be faced.

On the memorable drive through Savolax in Northern Finland, we paid a somewhat amusing and typical visit to a Pappi (clergyman) at a  rectory. These country Luthersk Kyrka (Lutheran churches) are few and far. The distance between a minister's district often extend to eight or ten miles. Many of the six or eight thousand parishioners come to church travelling ten miles or more as  in the Highlands of Scotland, where the Free Kirk is almost identical with the Lutheran Church of Finland. In both cases the post of minister is advertised as vacant, applicants send in names, which are  graded, and most suitable are asked to come and perform a service, and finally the Pappi of Finland, or minister of Scotland, is chosen by the people.

Until Andrew Carnegie gave some, rarely there is an organ in the Finnish country church.  Hardly ever in the Scotch Highlands--each religion has, however, its precentor or Lukkari, who leads the singing. Both churches are very simple and plain--merely whitewashed--perhaps one picture over the altar--otherwise no ornamentation of any kind.On one of the long drives arrived to a village  possessing a church and a minister all to itself.After  an introduction to the Pappi,  were called at the Pappila.

We went in as a small boy told that the Pappi is at home.  It was a large house for Finland, where a pastor is a great person. There were stables and cow-sheds, a granary, and quite a nice-sized one-storeyed wooden house.
