The oracle  gave him an answer which might be the victory of Pyrrhus, and the Romans his enemies when consulted by Pyrrhus.

Aio te Aeacida, Romanos vincere posse

The fallacy lies in the construction of the Latin tongue, which cannot be rendered in English. Croesus
is advised by  Pythoness  to guard against the mule.
[17] The oracle said that Cyrus is descended from two different nations, Medes by Mandana his mother, daughter of Astyages and  Persia by his father Cambyses of grand and illustrious race. The king of Lydia did not under stand the oracle. Oracle of Delphos prophesied to Nero that that seventy-three might prove fatal to him, who believed to be safe from all danger till age. Finding himself deserted by every one, and hearing Galba proclaimed emperor, who was seventy-three years of age, he was felt  the deceit of the oracle.

If the devils speak any truth, coincidently they always join lies to it and use such uncertain expressions, that they may be equally applied to contrary events, observes St. Jerome. 

URIM AND THUMMIM

While the false oracles of demons deceived the ideal nations. Cheating popular among the chosen people of God. The critical works have interpreted Urim and Thummim, manifestation and truth, [Greek: daelosin is alaetheian]; which expresses how different those divine oracles were from the false and misleading demons. It is said, in the Book of Numbers, that Eleazar, the successor of Aaron, shall interrogate Urim in form, and that a resolution shall be taken according to the answer given.

The Ephod applied to the chest of the priestly  garments of the high-priest, was a piece of stuff covered with twelve precious stones, on which the names of the twelve tribes were engraved. He could only be consulted by the Lord  Urim and Thummim,  for the king, the president of the sanhedrim, the general of the army, and other public persons, and on affairs that regarded the general interest of the nation. If the affair was to succeed, the stones of the ephod emitted a sparkling light, or the high-priest inspired predicted the success. Josephus, who was born thirty-nine years after Christ, says that it was then two hundred years since the stones of the ephod had given an answer to consultations by their extraordinary luster.

We should understand by Urim and Thummim, the divine inspiration annexed to the consecrated breast-plate.
The Scriptures  inform us, that Urim and Thummim were something that Moses had put in the high-priest's breast-plate. Some Rabbins by firm prepositions believed that they were two small statues hidden within the breast-plate for others the comprehensive name of God, written in a mysterious-manner.  

Several passages of Scripture leave room to believe, that a power of speech  came from the propitiatory, or holy of holies, beyond the veil of the portable dwelling place, and that this voice was heard by the high-priest.
