The oracle consulted by Pyrrhic, gave him an answer, which might be equally understood of the victory of Pyrrhic, and the victory of the Romans his enemies. 

Ail tee Aecidia, Romano’s sincere posse. 

The equivocation lies in the construction of the Latin tongue, which cannot be rendered in English. The Pythons advises Croesus to guard against the mule.[17] The king of Lydia understood nothing of the oracle, which denoted Cyrus descended from two different nations, from the Medes by Mandan his mother, the daughter of Stages; and by the Persians by his father Campuses, whose race was by far less grand and illustrious. Nero had for answer from the oracle of Delphos, that seventy-three might prove fatal to him, he believed he was safe from all danger till age, but, finding himself deserted by every one, and hearing Gala proclaimed emperor, who was seventy-three years of age, he was sensible of the deceit of the oracle. 

St. Jerome observes, that, if the devils speak any truth, by whatever accident they always join lies to it and use such ambiguous expressions, that they may be equally applied to contrary events. 

URIM AND THUMMIM. 

Whilst the false oracles of demons deceived the idolatrous nations, truth had retired from among the chosen people of God. The Septuagint has interpreted Uri and Thomism, manifestation and truth, [Greek: delusion is alaetheian]; which expresses how different those divine oracles were from the false and equivocal demons. It is said, in the Book of Numbers, that Eliza, the successor of Aaron, shall interrogate Uri in form, and that a resolution shall be taken according to the answer given. 

The Ephod applied to the chest of the sacerdotal vestments of the high-priest, was a piece of stuff covered with twelve precious stones, on which the names of the twelve tribes were engraved. It was not allowed to consult the Lord by Uri and Thomism, but for the king, the president of the Sanhedrim, the General of the Army, and other public persons, and on affairs that regarded the general interest of the nation. If the affair was to succeed, the stones of the ephod emitted a sparkling light, or the high-priest inspired predicted the success. Josephus, who was born thirty-nine years after Christ, says that it was then two hundred years since the stones of the ephod had given an answer to consultations by their extraordinary lustre. 

The Scriptures only inform us, that Uri and Thomism were something that Moses had put in the high-priest's breast-plate. Some Robbins by rash conjectures, have believed that they were two small statues hidden within the breast-plate; others, the ineffable name of God, graved in a mysterious-manner. Without designing to discern what has not been explained to us, we should understand by Uri and Thomism, the divine inspiration annexed to the consecrated breast-plate. 

Several passages of Scripture leave room to believe, that an articulate voice came forth from the propitiatory, or holy of holies, beyond the veil of the tabernacle, and that this voice was heard by the high-priest.
