The oracle consulted by Pyrrhus, gave him an answer, which might be equally
understood of the victory of Pyrrhus, and the victory of the Romans his enemies.

  Aio te Aeacida, Romanos vincere posse.

The equivocation lies in the construction of the Latin tongue, which cannot be rendered in
English. The Pythoness advises Croesus to guard against the mule.[17] The king of Lydia understood
nothing of the oracle, which denoted Cyrus descended from two different nations, from the Medes
by Mandana his mother, the daughter of Astyages; and by the Persians by his father Cambyses,
whose race was by far less grand and illustrious. Nero had for answer from the oracle of Delphos,
that seventy-three might prove fatal to him, he believed he was safe from all danger till age,
but, finding himself deserted by every one, and hearing Galba proclaimed emperor, who was seventy-three
years of age, he was sensible of the deceit of the oracle.

St. Jerome observes, that, if the devils speak any truth, by whatever accident they always
join lies to it and use such ambiguous expressions, that they may be equally applied to contrary
events.

URIM AND THUMMIM.

Whilst the false oracles of demons deceived the idolatrous nations, truth had retired from
among the chosen people of God. The septuagint have interpreted Urim and Thummim, manifestation
and truth, [Greek: daelosin is alaetheian]; which expresses how different those divine oracles
were from the false and equivocal demons. It is said, in the Book of Numbers, that Eleazar,
the successor of Aaron, shall interrogate Urim in form, and that a resolution shall be taken
according to the answer given.

The Ephod applied to the chest of the sacerdotal vestments of the high-priest, was a piece
of stuff covered with twelve precious stones, on which the names of the twelve tribes were
engraved. It was not allowed to consult the Lord by Urim and Thummim, but for the king, the
president of the sanhedrim, the general of the army, and other public persons, and on affairs
that regarded the general interest of the nation. If the affair was to succeed, the stones
of the ephod emitted a sparkling light, or the high-priest inspired predicted the success.
Josephus, who was born thirty-nine years after Christ, says that it was then two hundred years
since the stones of the ephod had given an answer to consultations by their extraordinary lustre.

The Scriptures only inform us, that Urim and Thummim were something that Moses had put in the
high-priest's breast-plate. Some Rabbins by rash conjectures, have believed that they were
two small statues hidden within the breast-plate; others, the ineffable name of God, graved
in a mysterious-manner. Without designing to discern what has not been explained to us, we
should understand by Urim and Thummim, the divine inspiration annexed to the consecrated breast-plate.

Several passages of Scripture leave room to believe, that an articulate voice came forth from
the propitiatory, or holy of holies, beyond the veil of the tabernacle, and that this voice
was heard by the high-priest.
