Literally, making the most noise in opposition to it that you are able, especially in public meetings. There is a memory a moan moan, a hiss and a whistle, even from a goose. On all these occasions do everything possible to create a disturbance, to resemble a popular demonstration against the measure. Besides scream, yell and scream, I must say that another fix on another platform, one alteration of the reporter's table, another terrible of the ladies, and other mobbing the president, would be desirable. He set to work together with all your zeal and energy to carry out the suggestions of our Central Committee for defeat of a bill, if passed, inflict a blow at the funeral home as great as the gift that is attributed to the widow and the orphan - who, of course, can only consider as clients. The Metropolitan Burials bill will rob us every penny we taking advantage of the helplessness of the affected families. And figure out what our loss would therefore be in the beautiful language of St. Demetrius, the silversmith, "Gentlemen, this art know that we have our wealth." 
* * * * * 

Miss Fenimore Cooper's (unpublished) "RURAL HOURS." 

FIRE IN THE FOREST. 

Observation of an old trunk without branches of the largest size, in a remarkable position, where it appeared that a broken column, which came to examine him. The axis of pink, without a bend or a branch, at the height of forty feet, where he had been abruptly started, probably in a storm. The tree was a chestnut, and the bark of a clear, spotless grayShe walks, we saw an opening near the ground, and to our surprise found the hollow trunk, and completely charred on the inside, black like a chimney, from the root to the point where it was interrupted. It often happens that the fire slips into the heart of an old tree, so, for an opening near the roots, and then is gone, the interior, leaving only a gray outer layer. One would not expect the crust to leave in such cases, but the wood in the heart appears to be more flammable than external growth. Whatever the cause, such lines are common on our mountains, gray without, charred inside. 

There is wood, in fact, much charred in our forests, the fires spread over the hills are common here, and sometimes do much damage. If the flame is lit once enough in dry weather, which will run in all directions as the wind varies, sometimes burning for weeks together, until they have destroyed more than a hundred miles of forests, wilting vegetables, destruction wood already cut, and greatly injured many trees that do not consume. for several years in the month of June, there was a fairly large fire on the eastern range of hills, which lasted for ten days or two weeks, extending several miles in different directions. It was the first major fire of the kind had ever seen, and of course we watched their progress with great interest, but the show was very different from what we had expected.
