At public meetings, made the greatest noise literally, in opposition to it that you are able. Recollect a groan and hiss, even though coming out from a goose.  On all such occasions do your best to create a disturbance. In addition to shouting, yelling, and bawling,another rush at another platform.  It would be advisable  another upsetting of the reporter's table, another terrifying of the ladies, and another mobbing the chairman. Work with all your united zeal and energy to carry out the suggestions of our Central Committee for the defeat of a Bill which, if passed, will impose a blow on the undertaker.  The boon it will confer on the widow and orphan us can only be  as customers. The Metropolitan Interments Bill goes to dock us of every penny that we make by taking advantage of the helplessness of affected families. Calculate  our loss, in the beautiful language of St. Demetrius, the silversmith, "Sirs, ye know that by this craft we have our wealth."

***********

FROM MISS FENIMORE COOPER'S (UNPUBLISHED) "RURAL HOURS."

FIRE IN THE WOODS.

In a striking position,  an old branchless trunk of the largest size, looked like a broken column, we walked up to examine it.Probably in some storm, without a curve or a branch the shaft rose  to the height of perhaps forty feet, where it had been abruptly shivered . It was a chestnut tree , and the bark clear, unsullied gray. Walking round it, to our surprise found the trunk hollow, and entirely charred within, black as a chimney, from the root to the point where it was broken off. It frequently happens that fire steals into the heart of an old tree,  by some opening near the roots, and burns away the inside.   The wood at the heart seems to be more inflammable than the outer growth. Whatever be the cause, such shafts are not uncommon about our hills, gray without, charred within.

Fires sweep over the hills are of frequent occurrence in the forests, and do much mischief.There are much charred wood in our forests.  Flames  once  kindled in dry weather, will spread in all directions as the wind varies. Burning sometimes for weeks together, until they have swept over miles of woodland,withering the forest vegetation, destroying the wood  cut, greatly injuring many trees which they do not consume. Several years since, in the month of June, there was quite an extensive fire on the eastern range of hills, which lasted for ten days or a fortnight, spreading several miles in different directions. It was the first devastating fire we had ever seen, and of course we watched its progress with much interest.  The spectacle was a very different one from what we imagined.
