Literally, make the greatest noise in opposition to it that you are able, especially
at public meetings. There, recollect a groan is a groan, and a hiss a hiss, even though proceeding
from a goose. On all such occasions do your utmost to create a disturbance, to look like a
popular demonstration against the measure. In addition to shouting, yelling, and bawling, I
should say that another rush at another platform, another upsetting of the reporter's table,
another terrifying of the ladies, and another mobbing the chairman, would be advisable. Set
to work with all your united zeal and energy to carry out the suggestions of our Central Committee
for the defeat of a Bill which, if passed, will inflict a blow on the undertaker as great as
the boon it will confer on the widow and orphan--whom we, of course, can only consider as customers.
The Metropolitan Interments Bill goes to dock us of every penny that we make by taking advantage
of the helplessness of afflicted families. And just calculate what our loss would then be;
for, in the beautiful language of St. Demetrius, the silversmith, "Sirs, ye know that by this
craft we have our wealth."

       *       *       *       *       *

FROM MISS FENIMORE COOPER'S (UNPUBLISHED) "RURAL HOURS."

FIRE IN THE WOODS.

Observing an old branchless trunk of the largest size, in a striking position, where it looked
like a broken column, we walked up to examine it. The shaft rose, without a curve or a branch,
to the height of perhaps forty feet, where it had been abruptly shivered, probably in some
storm. The tree was a chestnut, and the bark of a clear, unsullied gray; walking round it,
we saw an opening near the ground, and to our surprise found the trunk hollow, and entirely
charred within, black as a chimney, from the root to the point where it was broken off. It
frequently happens that fire steals into the heart of an old tree, in this way, by some opening
near the roots, and burns away the inside, leaving merely a gray outer shell. One would not
expect the bark to be left in such cases, but the wood at the heart seems to be more inflammable
than the outer growth. Whatever be the cause, such shafts are not uncommon about our hills,
gray without, charred within.

There is, indeed, much charred wood in our forests; fires which sweep over the hills are of
frequent occurrence here, and at times they do much mischief. If the flames are once fairly
kindled in dry weather, they will spread in all directions as the wind varies, burning sometimes
for weeks together, until they have swept over miles of woodland, withering the verdure, destroying
the wood already cut, and greatly injuring many trees which they do not consume. Several years
since, in the month of June, there was quite an extensive fire on the eastern range of hills;
it lasted for ten days or a fortnight, spreading several miles in different directions. It
was the first important fire of the kind we had ever seen, and of course we watched its progress
with much interest; but the spectacle was a very different one from what we had supposed.
