Literally, making the most noise in opposition to it that you are able, especially in public meetings. There, I remember a groan is a moan, a hiss and a whistle, even coming from a goose. On all these occasions do everything possible to create a disturbance, to resemble a popular demonstration against the measure. Besides scream, cry and yelled, I said that another commitment to another platform, one alteration of the reporter's table, another terrible with women, and mobbing other president, it would be advisable. We got to work together with all the zeal and energy to carry out the suggestions of our Central Committee to defeat a bill that, if adopted, once a funeral punish as much as the gift that s 'attributed to the widow and the orphan - which, of course, can only consider as clients. The Metropolitan Burials bill landed us to the last penny that we take advantage of the helplessness of the affected families. And so calculated that our loss would, therefore, in the beautiful language of St. Demetrius, the silversmith, "Gentlemen, we know that this art for our wealth."

* * *

Miss Fenimore Cooper's (unpublished) "RURAL HOURS.

Fire in the forest.

Observation of an old trunk branches of larger dimension, in a remarkable position, which seemed a broken column, which was approached to consider. The axis of pink, without a bend or a branch, at the height of forty feet, where he had been startled abruptly, probably in one storm. The tree was a chestnut, and the bark of a clear, no gray stain; she walks by, we saw an opening near the ground, and to our surprise he found the hollow trunk, and completely charred in the Inside, black as a chimney, from the root to the point where it was interrupted. Often happens that the fire was slipping in the heart of an old tree, so, for some opening near the roots and then leaves, the interior, leaving only an outer layer of gray. One does not expect to leave the crust in these cases, but the wood in the heart appears to be more flammable than external growth. Whatever the cause, and axes are common on the mountains, without gray, carbonized inside.

wood There is, indeed, much carbonized in our woods, the fires spread over the hills here are frequent and sometimes they do much damage. If the flame was lit at once rather dry weather, which extended in all directions as the wind varies, sometimes burning for weeks together, until they have destroyed more than a hundred kilometers of forest, marking the vegetables, destruction of wood already cut, and greatly injured many trees do not consume. for several years, in June, there was a fairly large fire on the eastern range of hills, but that lasted for ten days or two weeks, extending several kilometers in different directions. It was the first major fire of the type he had seen in his life, and of course, seen his progress with great interest, but the show was very different from what was expected.
