The chapters, illustrative of the other branches of the
natural history of North America, are equally valuable.

WITS ABOUT THE THRONE OF LOUIS THE FOURTEENTH.

We copy the following paragraphs from Sir James Stephens's Lectures on the History of France.
The illustrious men referred to are of course well known by educated men, but to the masses
their names are familiar chiefly from their appearance in the brilliant romances of Dumas.

     "The constellation of genius, wit, and learning, in the midst
     of which Louis shone thus pre-eminently, was too brilliant to
     be obscured by any clouds of royal disfavor; nor would any man
     have shrunken with greater abhorrence than himself, from any
     attempt to extinguish or to eclipse their splendor. He wisely
     felt, and frankly acknowledged, that, their glory was essential
     to his own; and he invited to a seat at his table, Moliere the
     roturier, to whom the lowest of his nobles would have appointed
     a place among his menial servants. As Francis, and Charles, and
     Leo, and Julius, and Lorenzo had assigned science, and poetry,
     and painting, and architecture, and sculpture, as their
     appropriate provinces, to those great master spirits of Italy,
     to whom they forbade the culture of political philosophy, so
     Louis, when he interdicted to the gigantic intellects of his
     times and country all intervention in the affairs of the
     commonwealth, summoned them to the conquest of all the other
     realms of thought in which they might acquire renown, either
     for him, for France, or themselves. The theatres, the
     academies, the pulpits, and the monasteries of his kingdom
     rivalled each other in their zealous obedience to that royal
     command, and obeyed it with a success from which no competent
     and equitable judge can withhold his highest admiration. At
     this day, when all the illusions of the name of Louis are
     exhausted, and in this country, where his Augustan age has
     seldom been regarded with much enthusiasm, who can seriously
     address himself to the perusal of his great tragedians,
     Corneille and Racine--or of his great comedians, Moliere and
     Regnard--or if his great poets, Boileau and La Fontaine--or of
     his great wits, La Rochfaucauld and La Bruyere--or of his great
     philosophers, Des Cartes and Pascal--or of his great divines,
     Bossuet and Arnauld--or of his great scholars, Mabillon and
     Montfaucon--or if his great preachers, Bourdaloue and
     Masillon--and not confess that no other monarch was ever
     surrounded by an assemblage of men of genius so admirable for
     the extent, the variety and the perfection of their powers.

     "And yet the fact that such an assemblage were clustered into a
     group, of which so great a king was the centre, implies that
     there must have been some characteristic quality uniting them
     all to each other and to him, and distinguishing them all from
     the nobles of every other literary commonwealth which has
     existed among men.
