The chapters, illustrative of the other branches of the natural history of North America, are equally valuable. 
WITS ABOUT THE THRONE OF LOUIS THE FOURTEENTH. 
We copy the following paragraph from Sir James Stephens's lecture on the History of France. The memorable men referred to are of course well known by educated men, but to the masses their names are familiar chiefly from their appearance in the brilliant romances of Dumas. 
"The gathering of genius, wit, and learning, in the midst of which Louis shone thus pre-eminently, was not too luminous to be covered by any clouds of royal disfavor; nor would any man have shrunken with greater loathing than himself, from any attempt to put out or to eclipse their splendor. He wisely felt, and frankly acknowledged, that, their glory was essential to his own; and he invite to a seat at his table, Moliere the rotaries, to whom the lowest of his nobles would have appointed a place among his menial servants. As Francis, and Charles, and Leo, and Julius, and Lorenzo had assigned science, and poetry, and picture, and structural design, and sculpture, as their suitable provinces, to those great master spirits of Italy, to whom they forbade the culture of political philosophy, so Louis, when he interdicted to the gigantic intellects of his times and country all intervention in the affairs of the commonwealth, summoned them to the conquest of all the other realms of thought in which they might acquire renown, either for him, for France, or themselves. The theatres, the academies, the pulpits, and the monasteries of his kingdom rivaled each other in their enthusiastic obedience to that royal command, and obeyed it with a success from which no competent and equitable judge can withhold his highest admiration. At this day, when all the illusions of the name of Louis are exhausted, and in this country, where his Augustan age has seldom been regarded with much enthusiasm, who can seriously address himself to the perusal of his great tragedians, Corneille and Racine--or of his great comedians, Moliere and Regard--or if his great poets, Boolean and La Fontaine--or of his great wits, La Rochfaucauld and La Gruyere--or of his great philosophers, Des Carts and Pascal--or of his great divines, Bossuet and Arnold--or of his great scholars, Maillol and Montfaucon--or if his great preachers, Bourdaloue and Masillon--and not confess that no other monarch was ever surrounded by an crowd of men of genius so admirable for the extent, the variety and the perfection of their powers. 
"And yet the fact that such an assemblage was clustered into a group, of which so great a king was the centre implies that there must have been some characteristic quality uniting them all to each other and to him, and distinguishing them all from the nobles of every other literary commonwealth which has existed among men.
