
(From a continuation of "the Indicator," by Leigh Hunt.)

It has been thought, that of all animated creation, the bees present the greatest moral likeness
to man; not only because they labour and lay up stores, and live in communities, but because
they have a form of government and a monarchy. Virgil immortalized them after a human fashion.
A writer in the time of Elizabeth, probably out of compliment to the Virgin Queen, rendered
them dramatis personae, and gave them a whole play to themselves. Above all, they have been
held up to us, not only as a likeness, but as "a great moral lesson;" and this, not merely
with regard to the duties of occupation, but the form of their polity. A monarchical government,
it is said, is natural to man, because it is an instinct of nature: the very bees have it.

It may be worth while to inquire a moment into the value of this argument; not as affecting
the right and title of our Sovereign Lord King William the Fourth (whom, with the greatest
sincerity, we hope God will preserve!), but for its own sake, as well as for certain little
collateral deductions. And, in the first place, we cannot but remark how unfairly the animal
creation are treated, with reference to the purposes of moral example. We degrade or exalt
them, as it suits the lesson we desire to inculcate. If we rebuke a drunkard or a sensualist,
we think we can say nothing severer to him than to recommend him not to make "a beast of himself;"
which is very unfair towards the beasts, who are no drunkards, and behave themselves as nature
intended. A horse has no habit of drinking; he does not get a red face with it. The stag does
not go reeling home to his wives. On the other hand, we are desired to be as faithful as a
dog, as bold as a lion, as tender as a dove; as if the qualities denoted by these epithets
were not to be found among ourselves. But above all, the bee is the argument. Is not the honey-bee,
we are asked, a wise animal?--We grant it.--"Doth he not improve each passing hour?"--He is
pretty busy, it must be owned--as much occupied at eleven, twelve, and one o'clock, as if his
life depended on it:--Does he not lay up stores?--He does.--Is he not social? Does he not live
in communities?--There can be no doubt of it.--Well, then, he has a monarchical government;
and does not that clearly show that a monarchy is the instinct of nature? Does it prove, by
an unerring rule, that the only form of government in request among the obeyers of instinct,
is the only one naturally fitted for man?

In answering the spirit of this question, we shall not stop to inquire how far it is right
as to the letter, or how many different forms of polity are to be found among other animals,
such as the crows, the beavers, the monkeys; neither shall we examine how far instinct is superior
to reason, nor why the example of man himself is to go for nothing. We will take for granted,
that the bee is the wisest animal of all, and that it is a judicious thing to consider his
manners and customs, with reference to their adoption by his inferiors, who keep him in hives.
