It has been believed, that out of all animated creations, the bees present the biggest moral likeness to man; not only because they work and lay up stores, and also live in communities, but also they have a  government and also a monarchy. Virgil immortalized them after a human fashion. A writer in the time of Elizabeth, most likely out of compliment to the Virgin Queen, rendered them dramatis personae, and gave them an entire play to themselves. Above all, they have been held up to us, not only as a likeness, but also as "a great moral lesson;" and this, not only with regard to the duties of occupation, but also the form of their polity. A monarchical government,  is said, is natural to man, due it being an instinct of nature: the very bees have it. 

It is worth while to think for a moment into the value of this argument; not as affecting the right and title of our Sovereign Lord King William the Fourth (whom, with the greatest sincerity, we hope God will preserve!), but for its own sake, as well as for certain small collateral deductions. And, also in the first place, we cannot but remember how unfairly the animal creation is treated, with reference to the purposes of moral example. We degrade them, as it suits the lesson we desire to inculcate. If we stop a drunk or a sensualist, we believe we can say nothing severer to him than to recommend him not to make "a beast of himself;" which is unfair towards the beasts, who are no drunkards, and behave themselves as nature intended. A horse does not drink; he does not get a red face with it. The stag doesn't go reeling home to his wives. On the other hand, we are desired to be as faithful as a dog, as bold as a lion, as tender as a dove; as if the qualities denoted by these epithets were not to be found among us. Although the Bee is the argument. Is not the honey-bee, we are asked, a wise animal?--We grant it.--"Doth he not improve each passing hour?"--He is very busy, it must be owned--as much occupied at eleven, twelve, and one o'clock, as if his life depended on it:--Does he not lay up stores?--He does.--Is he not social? Does he not live in communities?--There is no doubt of it.--Well, then, he does have a monarchical government; and doesn't that clearly show that a monarchy is the instinct of nature? Does it show, by an unerring rule, that the only form of government in request among the obeyers of instinct, is the only one naturally fitted for man? 

In answering the question, we shall not stop to think how far it is right as to the letter, or how many different forms of polity are to be found among other animals, such as the crows, beavers,monkeys; neither shall we examine how  instinct is superior to reason,or why the example of man himself is to go for nothing. We will take for granted, that the bee is the wisest animal of all, and also that it is a judicious thing to consider his manners as well as his customs, with reference to their adoption by his inferiors, who keep him in hives.
