have with all my press-correcting, did editionings, and poor disturb this kind: Vol 30 will start you on the middle of this month, is there to follow ("uniform" as the printers call it, though in smaller type), a small band called "General Index, and three volumes of translations from German, by which we count two and count, and if it make a gap on the shelf Concord, suddenly it well. Enough, enough that guests.

The baskets, the owner has received from you here is a dirty little pirate who grabs at all, become bold enough to yield him a morsel (poor, unhanged creature), so that in reality he is a symbol to you of their apparent increase in the world here, and help with Conway's vigilance will do you good and not evil. I'm glad to see so much in any case, new intellectual maturation produce even around you, and you should be happy, too. Heaven grant you long you keep your right hand, quietly: you too, I can see, is never more than me, "learn to write by dictation" in a way, you will be supportable. I am pleased also to hear such a great adventure, than you are now invited. Climbing the backbone of America, looking into the Pacific Ocean, and the mighty miracles going on there. I fear you will not see Brigham Young, but?

--- Good woman has never made their appearance, but I should be welcome if it does it.

Have you ever heard the name of an old or elderly people, fantastic fellow of yours, as Lee J. Bliss, who describes himself, and of AK, ie, "Old Fogey" and "amiable Kiss"? He sent me the other night, a wonderful Something symbolic shreds and patches, which greatly amused me, and besides given good will on the part of the man who is not without humor, in sight, and serious intention or disposition. If you ever of him saying a word on the subject next time to write.

And writing above all. The instant you get home from California, or to see this, let me hear from you, what were your adventures and what are to be the next. Adieu, my dear Emerson.

Yours always affectionately, T. Carlyle

Mrs. --- sends a note of this new Piccadilly morning (June 5), there Call be made today by niece, Mary, left map, etc., etc. promises a pleasant lady.

Have you ever heard of something like the suicidal Finis the French "Copper Captaincy" gratuitous attack on Germany, and ditto Blowing-up of Paris by his own hand! An event with meanings unspeakable, - deep as the. Abyss .--

If you ever C. Norton article in Italy, send him my kind of memories.

- TC (with the speed of engraving - on a leash!) *

--------- * The letter was dictated, but the Postscript, the first of the signature was, in a trembling hand written by Carlyle himself. ---------

CLXXXVIII. Emerson Carlyle

Concord 30 June 1871

My Dear Carlyle, - 'T is more than time for you to accumulate from me, their debt in order to hear it. But ended my long journey to California in many distractions on my return.
