I've done all my printing Correcting, editionings and petty annoyance of this kind: vol 30 be sent to you in the middle of this month, follow below ("uniform" as printers call it, to a lesser rate) a little quantity called the General Index, and three volumes of translations from German after taking into account two and counting, and if there is no difference in the platform of Concord, while it does good. Enough, enough in this regard.

The Hotten, who has intervened you are a dirty pirate who does all the experience enough to take a bite (lousy unhanged creature), so in reality it is a symbol of conspicuous place on the world market here, with monitoring of Conway to help will do you good and evil. I am pleased that in any event, to see both new spiritual maturity still produce around you, and you should be happy, too. Would that long you can hold your right hand fixed: you, I can perceive, no, no more than myself, learning to "take dictation" in a way that would be acceptable to you. Glad to hear that magnificent adventure, now on. Go up the backbone of America facing the Pacific Ocean as well, and gigantic wonders going on there. I am afraid you will not see Brigham Young, though?

--- Good lady has never made an appearance but is very welcome each time he does.

Have you heard the name of an age or older, great countryman of his name Bliss J. Lee, designated ED and AK, the "Old Fogey" and "Kuss Amable? He sent me the other night, a wonderful Miscellaneous by splinters and patches symbolic, which amused me, while showing a willingness on the part of man, not without humor, vision and serious intent or disposal. If I ever heard him say a few words about the following item, when you write .

And above all, write. The moment you come home in California, or to see this, let me hear from you that his adventures have been and what is the next to be. Farewell, my dear Emerson.

Yours ever affectionately, T. Carlyle

Mrs. --- Piccadilly sent a memo this new morning (05 June), a request was made here today by the niece of Mary left the cards, etc., etc. promises to be a lovely lady.

Have you heard of something like suicide, the French Finis "Copper Captain" unprovoked attack on Germany, and the same explosion in Paris with his own hand! An event with unspeakable meanings - such as deep. Abyss .--

If you ever write in C. Northern Italy, to send my memory.

- TC (For speed engraving - on lead!) *

--------- * The letter was delivered, but the postscript, was the first signature written in a shaky hand by Carlyle himself. ---------

CLXXXVIII. Emerson Carlyle

Concordia, June 30, 1871

T My Dear Carlyle, - "is more than the time you should know about me if debt to always accumulate. But my long trip to California ended up in the many distractions in my home.
