Aside from the subtle skill of old world diplomacy was hard work and its gaudy lost and successfully revived under the names of failing to lead, while New World policy on the other hand, naively ignoring the historical forces and secular prejudices, boldly to reach out to arrange things according to concrete situations and not take the rough and ready mode. Thus liberal idealists and both were pitted against old stagers diplomat secretly with their opponents outside the Council chamber ended quickly sought bargains driven. As early as the first day of January, a few informal meetings where I was going to speak on such transactions, was present and I then gave it as my perception that "if things go ahead as They are moving in to-day results will be far less reasonable expectations transatlantic idealists and the first striking difference between the old world leaders. Expeditiousness appreciation in their different ways, on one hand, and the European state system bases on the other hand when handling a politician. together is important, especially revolutionary, emergencies should never watch her eyes. Paris politicians rarely take into account the time or opportunity. Foreign reformers argue that regional military and political balance is totally broken and certainly be in favor of a league of nations should cancel, and diplomatists hold that the principle of balance, spending its strength from distant later, still only affords the basis of international stability requires going further faster. "[104]


Destiny, weavers, who were generously if unavailingly in the very center of the world's busiest live the good of the entire human race out at the government and stuff, not entirely appropriate for an historian working devoting time and labor for construction machinery several times in the presence of conflicting forces that would have found difficult to survey them all, and daily events and especially the question in context. Plenipotentiaries of the highly praiseworthy sincerity and good will and they themselves, as we saw, most were optimistic. Almost all delegates were characterized by the spirit of compromise; the porn is valuable in politics but ideal embodying very dangerous. Unanimous decision eager to reach even when unanimity was lacking, leading politicians had boldly simple formula and the temporary agreement, which each party can resort to commentary in its own way out, and what was going on short notice I wrote at the time: [105]
 

"But parallel with the conference and its members daily lectures geography, ethnography are seeking, and the history of other councils to work there, some publicly, others privately, that the political world than a huge public More and more are represented in a hurry to supply their immediate wants for the European residents who care little about the strategic limitations and requirements for more life to get whatever they find it increasingly difficult for the are millions ..
