On one hand the subtle skill of old world diplomacy was working hard and successfully to revive with misleading names and causes loss in their absence, while on the other side of the New World politics, naively ignoring the historical forces and secular bias, was boldly reaching improvised ways to fix things without taking into account the specific circumstances. Generoso faced idealists therefore against the old stagers diplomatic and both struggled in secret bargains concluded in a hurry to move them outside the Council Chamber with his opponents. Already in the first days of January was present in some informal meetings at which those operations are talking, and I then gave my impression that "if things go forward as they are moving to-day the result will be far below reasonable expectations. The first noticeable difference between the transatlantic and political idealists of the Old World is in their different ways to appreciate rapidly, on the one hand, and the foundations of European state-system, on the other side. A statesman when it comes to urgent, especially revolutionary, emergencies should not take his eyes the clock. The politicians in Paris are almost never take into account the time or opportunity. Reformists argue that overseas territorial and political balance of forces is completely broken and must be permanently abandoned in favor of a League of Nations, and diplomats argue that the principle of balance, far from having lost his strength, still offers the only basis for international stability and requires further intensified. "[104] 
Living in the heart of the busy world of destiny, weavers, who were generously, if in vain, devoting time and effort to the manufacture of machinery for the good government of the whole human race was low and not entirely appropriate materials, a historian in the presence of multiple conflicting forces at work it would have been difficult to study them all and set the daily incidents and specific questions in proper perspective. The seriousness and good will of the plenipotentiaries were highly commendable and that they, as we have seen, were the most hopeful. Almost all delegates were characterized by a spirit of compromise, so valuable in politics vulgar, but dangerous to embody ideals. Eager to reach unanimous decisions, even when there was unanimity, leading statesmen audacity to use ingenious ways, and interim agreements that each party can play his way, and paid little attention to what was happening outside. I wrote at the time: [105] 

"But in parallel with the Conference and the daily conferences that its members are receiving in the geography, ethnography and history, there are other tips at work, some publicly, others privately, that represent the masses who are in more trouble the political world for their urgent wants supplied. Because they are the millions of people in Europe who have little concern strategic borders and much of what is necessary of life that they find it increasingly difficult to obtain.
