On the one hand, the subtle art work of the ancient world of diplomacy, hard and successfully to bring back with deceptive names and causes a loss in their absence, while other policies of the New World, is in violation of the historical navely secular forces and prejudices The bold the rough ways things without regard to the particular circumstances stirred fix. Generoso so idealistic side against the old road and the two fought diplomatic, hastily pushed contracts outside of the Privy Council Chamber with its adversaries. Already in the first days of January was during these informal sessions in which these operations are mentioned, and then I give my impression that  if things move as they are today, the result is well within reasonable expectations. The first appreciable difference between the Atlantic and the idealistic policies of the old world is to appreciate their way quickly, on the one hand, and the foundations of the State of the European system, on the other. A statesman, if it is urgent, especially revolutionary, emergencies should not his eyes the clock. 


Living in the heart of the bustling life of fortune was a weaver, who were generous, though unsuccessful, time and effort to the manufacture of machinery for the good government of the whole human race, small and not very material, appropriate to a historian, the presence of several conflicting forces at work, it would have been difficult to study and put all the daily events and the particular problems in sight. The seriousness and willingness of the agents were very commendable and that, as we have seen, were the most hope. Almost all delegates were marked by a spirit of compromise, the more precious common in politics, but dangerous embody the ideals. 
But simultaneously with the conference and daily conferences, members receive the geography, ethnography and history, there are more tips to work, some number of public, private, to the masses, the more difficulties in the political world are represented urgent need to made available. Since they are millions of people in Europe who have little interest in the strategic boundaries and much of what is necessary of life they find are more difficult to obtain.
