Let none Eulenspiegle's artifices blame, For Rogues of every country are the same.'

Printed in London, in  1859, the only copy of this edition I've seen belonged to Ritson for a time, before I bought it from Thomas Rodd, and later given to my friend Mr. Douce.

No doubt it's now in the Bodleian - I have never heard of another copy.

And, whilst talking about Eulenspiegel, I would like call your correspondent's attention to some  remarks on the Protestant and Romanist versions of it in the Quarterly Review, vol. xxi. p. 108.


I would also like to let him know that an illustrated edition of it was published by Scheible of Stuttgart in 1838, and that a passage in the Hettlingischen Sassenchronik (Caspar Abel's Sammlung, p. 185.), written in 1455, proves that Dyll Ulnspiegel, as he's called in the Augsburgh edition of 1540, is not a fake or fictious character, inasmuch as under the date of 1350 the author tells of a famine which raged through the whole world, and that "dosulfest sterff Ulenspeygel to Möllen."

However, I cannot to answer the question about Murner's visit to England. So far as I know, the most complete account of his life and work is that prefixed by Scheible to his edition of Murner's Narrenbeschwörung, and his dissertation Ob der König von England ein Lügner sey, oder der Luther.

WILLIAM J. THOMS.

Sir Edwin Sadleir (Vol. vii., p. 357.).--Sir Edwin Sadleir, of Temple Dinsley, in the county of Hertford, Bart., was the third son of Sir Edwin Sadleir (created a baronet by Charles II.), by Elizabeth, daughter of Sir Walter Walker, Knt., LL.D. His older brothers died in infancy, he inherited (after his father's death in 1672) to estates, and married Mary, daughter and coheiress of John Lorymer, citizen and apothecary of London, and widow of William Croone, M.D. She founded the algebra lectures at Cambridge, and also lectures in the College of Physicians and the Royal Society. (See Chauncy's Historical Antiquities of Hertfordshire, folio edit., 397, or 8vo. edit., ii. 179, 180.; Ward's Lives of the Gresham Professors, 322. 325.; Sir Ralph Sadler's State Papers, ii. 610.; Weld's History of the Royal Society, i. 289.) According to the Sadler State Papers, Sir Edwin Sadleir died 30th September, 1706: but that was the date of Lady Sadleir's death; and, according to Ward, Sir Edwin Sadleir lived on passed her death. He died without children, and rendering baronetcy  extinct.

C. H. COOPER.

Cambridge.

Belfry Towers removed from the Body of the Church (Vol. vii., p. 333.). - The tower of the parish church of Llangyfelach, in Glamorganshire, is at a small distance from the building. In the folklore and legends of the place, this is because of a belief that the devil,  wanting to prevent the building of the church, carried away a portion of it whenever construction began; and that he was at  only defeated by the two parts being built separatly.

SELEUCUS.

In addition to the bell towers unconnected with the church, shown in "N. & Q."
