"Let no debt Eulenspiegle's wiles, for Rogues from every country are the same."

London, printed in the year MDCCIX. The only copy of this edition I ever saw was the one that previously belonged to Ritson, and which I purchased of Thomas Rodd, and then transferred to my old friend Mr. Douce. "

This example is no doubt now in the Bodleian. I have never heard of another.

While on the subject of Eulenspiegel, I would correspondent to draw the call to a strange observations about the Protestant and Romanist version of it in the Quarterly Review, Vol. xxi. p. 108.

I can also take this opportunity to ask him a very clever illustrated edition is published by Scheible of Stuttgart in 1838, and that a passage in the Hettlingischen Sassenchronik (Caspar Abel's collection, p. 185.) Written in 1455, goes to prove that Dyll Ulnspiegel, as the shaking is called the Augsburgh edition of 1540, is not imaginary character, since under the date of the 1350 timer tells of a very severe pestilence that raged throughout the world; and that "dosulfest sterff Ulenspeygel to destroy."

I can not respect the search Mürner's visit to England to answer. The most complete account of his life and writing is, I think, which was preceded by Scheible to his edition of Mürner's Narrenbeschwörung, and his satirical treatise ob der König von England Lügner SEY ein, oder der Luther.

William J. Thoms.

Sir Edwin Sadleir (Vol. VII, p. 357 .).-- Sir Edwin Sadleir. From Temple Dinsley, in the county of Deer, Bart. Was the third son of Sir Edwin Sadleir (a baronet by Charles II.), By Elizabeth, daughter of Sir Walter Walker, Knt, LL.D.. His older brothers who died in infancy, he succeeded on his father's death in 1672, to its honor and estates, and then married Mary, daughter of John and coheiress Lorymer, citizen of London and pharmacist, and the widow of William Croone, MD This lady founder of algebra lectures at Cambridge, and also lectures in the College of Physicians and the Royal Society. (See Chauncy's Historical Antiquities of Hertfordshire, folio edit., 397, or 8vo. Change., Ii 179. 180.; Ward lives of the Gresham Professors, 322. 325., Sir Ralph Sadler's State Papers, ii 610. .; Weld's History of the Royal Society, i. 289) in the Sadler State Papers. Sir Edwin Sadleir said, died 30 September 1706: but this was the date of Lady Sadleir's death and, according to Ward, Sir Edwin Sadleir survive her. He dies without issue, and thereafter the baronetcy extinct.

C. H. Cooper.

Cambridge.

Belfry Towers separate from the body of the Church (Vol. vii., P. 333 .).-- The tower of the church of Llangyfelach, in Glamorganshire, in a short time away from the building was raised. In the legends of the place, it is responsible for a belief that the devil in his desire for the establishment of the church to prevent, carried off a portion of it as often as it began, and that long-only defeated by the two separate parts are built.

Seleucus.

Besides the church towers unrelated to the church, noted in the "N. & Q."
