
    'Let none Eulenspiegle's artifices blame,
     For Rogues of every country are the same.'

     London, printed in the year MDCCIX. The only copy of this edition I
     ever saw was one which had formerly belonged to Ritson, and which I
     purchased of Thomas Rodd, but afterwards relinquished to my old
     friend Mr. Douce."

This copy, therefore, is no doubt now in the Bodleian. I have never heard of any other.

While on the subject of Eulenspiegel, I would call your correspondent's attention to some curious
remarks on the Protestant and Romanist versions of it in the Quarterly Review, vol. xxi. p. 108.

I may also take this opportunity of informing him that a very cleverly illustrated edition
of it was published by Scheible of Stuttgart in 1838, and that a passage in the Hettlingischen
Sassenchronik (Caspar Abel's Sammlung, p. 185.), written in 1455, goes to prove that Dyll Ulnspiegel,
as the wag is styled in the Augsburgh edition of 1540, is no imaginary personage, inasmuch
as under the date of 1350 the chronicler tells of a very grievous pestilence which raged through
the whole world, and that "dosulfest sterff Ulenspeygel to Möllen."

I am unable to answer the Query respecting Murner's visit to England. The most complete account
of his life and writings is, I believe, that prefixed by Scheible to his edition of Murner's
Narrenbeschwörung, and his satirical dissertation Ob der König von England ein Lügner sey,
oder der Luther.

WILLIAM J. THOMS.

Sir Edwin Sadleir (Vol. vii., p. 357.).--Sir Edwin Sadleir, of Temple Dinsley, in the county
of Hertford, Bart., was the third son of Sir Edwin Sadleir (created a baronet by Charles II.),
by Elizabeth, daughter of Sir Walter Walker, Knt., LL.D. His elder brothers having died in
infancy, he succeeded, on his father's death in 1672, to his honour and estates, and subsequently
married Mary, daughter and coheiress of John Lorymer, citizen and apothecary of London, and
widow of William Croone, M.D. This lady founded the algebra lectures at Cambridge, and also
lectures in the College of Physicians and the Royal Society. (See Chauncy's Historical Antiquities
of Hertfordshire, folio edit., 397, or 8vo. edit., ii. 179, 180.; Ward's Lives of the Gresham
Professors, 322. 325.; Sir Ralph Sadler's State Papers, ii. 610.; Weld's History of the Royal
Society, i. 289.) In the Sadler State Papers, Sir Edwin Sadleir is stated to have died 30th
September, 1706: but that was the date of Lady Sadleir's death; and, according to Ward, Sir
Edwin Sadleir survived her. He died without issue, and thereupon the baronetcy became extinct.

C. H. COOPER.

Cambridge.

Belfry Towers separate from the Body of the Church (Vol. vii., p. 333.).--The tower of the
parish church of Llangyfelach, in Glamorganshire, is raised at some little distance from the
building. In the legends of the place, this is accounted for by a belief that the devil, in
his desire to prevent the erection of the church, carried off a portion of it as often as it
was commenced; and that he was at length only defeated by the two parts being built separate.

SELEUCUS.

In addition to the bell towers unconnected with the church, noticed in "N. & Q."
