Let no one accuse each country punks for Eulenspiegle artifices, are the same.'

London, appeared in the year MDCCIX. The version I had ever seen was only one copy of the pre-Ritson, and which I bought of Thomas Rodd, but my old friend Mr. Douce to later relinquished."

This copy, so no doubt now in the Bodleian. I have not heard of any other.

Eulenspiegel on the subject though, I Quarterly Review, versions of the Protestant and Romanist some interesting comments would call attention to his correspondent, vol. xxi. p. 108.

I about it a very cleverly illustrated version was published in 1838 by Scheible of Stuttgart, and that the opportunities of the information Hettlingischen (Caspar's Abel Sammlung Sassenchronik, p. 185 a trip. Is) written in 1455, goes to prove that Dyll Ulnspiegel, 1540 as a comical version Augsburgh styling, a fictional character, though under date of 1350 is a very serious epidemic chronology through which the world raged the shows, and that "dosulfest sterff Ulenspeygel Möllen to."

I travel to England's honor Murner am unable to answer queries. Most complete account of his life and writings, I believe, for their version of the Murner Narrenbeschwörung imposed by Scheible, and his dissertation satire ob der König von England EIN Lügner Sey, oder der Luther.

WILLIAM J. THOMS. 

Sir Edwin Sadleir (Vol. vii, 357 p. .).-- Sir Edwin Sadleir., Temple of Dinsley, Hertford, Bart in the county, Sir Edwin (Sadleir's third son, was created baronet by Charles II.), Elizabeth, Sir Walter Walker, Knt by the daughter LL.D. His older brother is dying in infancy; he succeeded his father's death, in 1672, his reputation and wealth, and later married Mary, daughter and John Lorymer, citizen and apothecary of London, and William Croone, MD widow of coheiress. The woman set algebra lectures in Cambridge, and also lectures at the College of Physicians and the Royal Society. (Hertfordshire, Chauncy page to see the ancient historical change .. 397, or 8vo edit., ii. 179, 180.; 325 Gresham Professor Ward is the 322 ..; Sir Ralph Sadler State Papers, ii 610 .; weld history of the Royal Society, I 289 Sadler State Papers.) Sir Edwin Sadleir died September 30, 1706 to have said: but that Lady Sadleir was the date of death, and according to Ward, Sir Edwin Sadleir, survived him. He died without issue, and after the baronetcy became extinct.

C. H. COOPER. 

Cambridge. 

Church (Vol. vii. p. 333.).--belfry tower separate from the body., Glamorganshire Llangyfelach parish of the church tower, the building  picked up some distance short. Place in the legends, this is accounted for by a belief that Satan, in his desire to halt construction of the church, it is often used as part of close as it was launched, and that He had just defeated in length from two separate parts being made.

SELEUCUS. 

In addition to the bell towers unconnected with the church, noticed in "N. & Q."
