"Let no guilty Eulenspiegle devices, the rogues of all countries are equal." 

London, printed in the year MDCCIX. The only copy of this issue I've seen was one that had belonged to Ritson, and which I purchased from Thomas Rodd, but then left my old friend Mr. Douce. " 

This copy, therefore, no doubt now in the Bodleian. I've never heard of anyone else. 

While on the subject of Eulenspiegel, I would draw the attention of his interlocutor to discuss some interesting observations on the Protestant and Roman versions of the same in the Quarterly Review, vol. xxi. p. 108. 

You can also take this opportunity to inform you that an illustrated edition of a very intelligent which was published by Scheible of Stuttgart in 1838, and a passage from the Sassenchronik Hettlingischen (Abel Gaspar Sammlung, p. 185. ) Written in 1455, goes to show that Dyll Ulnspiegel, as the wag is styled in the 1540 Augsburg edition is not an imaginary character, as under the date of 1350 the writer speaks of a plague that hit very grievous throughout the world, and that "sterff dosulfest Ulenspeygel to Mollen." 

I am unable to respond to the query respecting Murner visit to England. The fullest account of his life and writings is, I think, Scheible prefixed to his edition of Narrenbeschwörung Murner, and his satirical view ob der König von England Lugner sey ein, oder der Luther. 

WILLIAM J. Thoms. 

Sir Edwin Sadleir (Vol. VII., P. 357 .).-- Sir Edwin Sadleir, Temple Dinsley, Hertford County, Bart., Was the third son of Sir Edwin Sadleir (created a baronet by Charles II. ), by Elizabeth, daughter of Sir Walter Walker, KNT. , Ph.D. DerechoSus older brothers had died in infancy, he succeeded to his father's death in 1672, their honor and property, and later married Mary, daughter of John and coheiress Loryma, citizen and apothecary London, and the widow of William Croone, MD This lady founded algebra classes in Cambridge, and also teaches at the College of Physicians and the Royal Society. (Historical View Chauncy of Antiquities of Hertfordshire, folio edit., 397, or 8th. Edit., Ii. 179, 180., Ward lives of teachers Gresham, 322. 325.; State Sir Ralph Sadler's Papers, ii. 610. ; Weld History of the Royal Society, i. 289.) In the Sadler State Papers, Sir Edwin Sadleir is said to have died September 30, 1706: but that was the date of the death of Lady Sadleir is, and, as Ward, Sir Edwin Sadleir survived it. He died without issue, whereupon the baronetcy became extinct. 

CH COOPER. 

Cambridge. 

Torres separated from the body of the Church (vol. Campanariovii., P. 333 .).-- Tower Llangyfelach parish church, in Glamorganshire, stands a short distance from the building. In local legends, this is explained by the belief that the devil, in his desire to prevent the construction of the church, was a part of it as often as it began, and that he was only finally defeated by the two sides are constructed separately. 

Seleucus. 

Besides the towers are not related to the church, noticed in "N. & Q."
