Alligators of the Valley of the Amazon. Miscellanea. The Sea-side Resorts of the Londoners. A few Jottings about Maps.


All sold by booksellers


Within the past year the following writings have gone missing:


Letter from the Duke of Somerset to the Earl of Winchelsea on the same subject.


Letters between Lord Granville and the Duke of Somerset, as to Titles on the Death of the Duke's Grandson. Dated November and December, 1744.


Autograph Notes from George III. to Charles, Earl of Egremont, on Public Business. Dated 1762 and 1763


Letters from Mathew Hutton to the Duke of Somerset, describing the Three Daughters of Lord Winchelsea, enigmatically, as Three Books. Dated August, 1725.


A Particular of the Duchess of Somerset's Debts. Dated October 7th, 1697.


Holograph Letter from Charles II. to the Countess of Northumberland, proposing the Marriage of his son George with her Grand-daughter, the Percy Heiress.


All of these have not been accounted for along with some others.


Published today,
 A collection of the most valuable books throughout the ages in multiple languages, in excellent condition, also some very intricately illustrated manuscripts of the Latin Bible from the fourteenth century.  Also a richly Illuminated Copy of Ferdosi's Shah Nameh, in Persian, with Thirty-seven beautiful Paintings:--principally bound by the best Binders, Derome, Bozerian, Kalthoeber, Walther, Lewis, Clarke, Bedford, Riviere, Aitken, &c.: selected from the Libraries of the Rev. Dr. Hawtrey, Provost of Eton.  This collection has been made during the past six decades with great care by Right Hon. Warren Hastings, formerly Governor-General of India and his friends.  No expenses were spared in order to get the best collection of writings.  These books and articles are now being sold.  These valuable manuscripts can be found by contacting JOSEPH LILLY, who resides at 19. King Street, Covent Garden, London.


The catalogue can be sent to any person who incloses two stamps for postage.  It may also appear in the "Gentleman's Magazine" due out this fall. This is a rare occurrence, and these valuable commodities can not be replaced once they are sold.  If the books and articles are all being sold into private residences.


Such a catalogue of rare, valuable, and choice books in excellent condition has not been published and available to the public in some years.
