On the old Birmingham Canal there are two, one
being 2,200 yards long and the other 1,010 yards. On the London and Birmingham Railway (now
London and North Western) the Watford tunnel is 1,830 yards long, the Kisley tunnel 2,423 yards,
and Primrose Hill 1,250 yards. On the Great Western line the longest is the Box tunnel, 3,123
yards in length. The deepest tunnel in England pierces the hills between Great Malvern and
Herefordshire, being 600ft. from the rails to the surface; it is 1,560 yards in length. The
longest tunnels in the country run under the range of hills between Marsden in Yorkshire and
Diggle in Lancashire, two being for railway and one canal use. One of the former is 5,434 yards,
and the other (Stanedge, on the L. & N.W.) 5,435 yards long, while the canal tunnel is 5,451 yards.

~Turnpike Gates.~--At one time there were gates or bars on nearly every road out of the town.
Even at the bottom of Worcester Street there was a bar across the road in 1818. There was once
a gate at the junction of Hang'sman Lane (our Great Hampton Row) and Constitution Hill, which,
baing shifted further on, to about the spot where Green and Cadbury's Works now are, remained
till 1839. The gate in Deritend was removed in August, 1828; the one at Five Ways July 5, 1841;
those at Small Heath, at Sparkbrook, in the Moseley Road, and in the Hagley Road were all "free'd"
in 1851, and the sites of the toll houses sold in 1853. In the "good old coaching days" the
turnpike tolls paid on a coach running daily from here to London amounted to £1,428 per year.

~Union Passage~, at first but a field path out of the yard of the Crown Tavern to the Cherry
Orchard, afterwards a narrow entry as far as Crooked Lane, with a house only at each end, was
opened up and widened in 1823 by Mr. Jones, who built the Pantechnetheca. Near the Ball Street
end was the Old Bear Yard, the premises of a dealer in dogs, rabbits, pigeons, and other pets,
who kept a big brown bear, which was taken out whenever the Black Country boys wanted a bear-baiting.
The game was put a stop to in 1835, but the "cage" was there in 1841, about which time the
Passage became built up on both sides throughout.

~Vaughton's Hole.~--An unfortunate soldier fell into a deep clay pit here, in July, 1857, and
was drowned; and about a month after (August 6) a horse and cart, laden with street sweepings,
was backed too near the edge, over-turned, and sank to the bottom of sixty feet deep of water.
The place was named after a very old local family who owned considerable property in the neighbourhood
of Gooch Street, &c., though the descendants are known as Houghtons.

~Vauxhall.~--In an old book descriptive of a tour through England, in 1766, it is mentioned
that near Birmingham there "is a seat belonging to Sir Listen Holte, Bart, but now let out
for a public house (opened June 4, 1758), where are gardens, &c., with an organ and other music,
in imitation of Vauxhall, by which name it goes in the neighbourhood." The old place, having
been purchased by the Victoria Land Society, was closed by a farewell dinner and ball, September,
16, 1850, the first stroke of the axe to the trees being given at the finish of the ball, 6
a.m. next morning.
