Lawyers and laymen competed with each other to condemn the Bill. Mr. RAE complained that their motto appeared to be L'état c'est moi. Sir GORDON HEWART, responding to the charge that there never had been such an Indemnity Bill, pointed out that there never had been such a War. The Second Reading was eventually passed with the Government's commitment to refer the Bill to a Select Committee, from which it is supposed that the measure will come back in an entirely different form.

Tuesday, May 4th.--The Matrimonial Causes Bill continues to proceed slowly in the House of Lords. Its ecclesiastical opponents have been kept on the run, but are still full of fight. The Archbishop of CANTERBURY very nearly gained a new clause providing that it should not be lawful to celebrate in any church or chapel of the Church of England the marriage of a person, whether innocent or guilty, whose previous union had been dissolved under the provisions of the Bill. His most reverend brother of York spoke darkly of Disestablishment if the clause were lost, and eleven Bishops voted in its favour, but the Non-Contents defeated it by 51 to 50.

Captain WEDGWOOD BENN inquired whether swords still formed part of the uniform of Royal Air Force officers, and, if so, why. Mr. CHURCHILL'S defence of its retention was more clever than convincing. Swords, he said, had always been regarded as the insignia of rank, and even Ministers wore them on occasions. 

The POSTMASTER-GENERAL supports a quiet and calm life. When the Dublin postal workers announced their intent for a two day sympathy strike in union with a Sinn Fein strike, he opted not to discipline or dismiss them. Rather, he gave them two days' leave on full pay, a much simpler plan.

Thanks to the Irish Nationalists, who have announced they have no plans to participate in the dicussion of the Government of Ireland Bill, Mr. BONAR LAW was able to remove the scheme for closuring it by compartments. The new Irish doctrine of self-extermination has pleased various ministers. Mr. CHURCHILL'S gratitude will come in the form of a portrait of Mr. DEVLIN as Sydney Carton under the shadow of the guillotine.

On the Vote for the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries Colonel BURN suggested creating a new Department responsible for sea harvests. Dr. MURRAY approved the idea, and thought that the Minister without Portfolio might pass up leisure for fishing.

Wednesday, May 5th.--Selfishness does not always make Trade Unionists unwilling to admit ex-service men to their ranks, but sometimes solicitude for the welfare of these brave fellows.
