The code of laws of William the Conqueror,[AX] whom  the English history knows to have rendered his language almost universal. A great  affinity  bore with the present Romansh of the Grisons will appear from the annexed translation of the first paragraph of these laws into the latter tongue.[AY]

We may credit Du Cange,[AZ] for his assertion upon various instruments of the kings of Scotland during the twelfth century, the Romance had also penetrated into that kingdom before that period.

Greatly approaching to those two idioms, must have produced in Italy a language the same corruption, or fuse, which gave rise to the Gallic Romance, and to that of the Grisons. It did not want its northern nations to contribute what the two other branches derived from that source.[BA] But certainly  a jargon very different from either the Latin or the Italian was spoken in Italy from the time of the irruptions of the barbarians to the successful labours of Dante and Petrarca. This jargon was  called the vulgar idiom; but that Speroni,[BB] the father of an Italian literature, others call it the common Italian Romance.If Fontanini's[BC] be sufficient, even the Gallic Romance, by the residence of the papal court at Avignon, and other causes made its way into Italy before it was polished into the Provençal.

As to Naples and Sicily, the expulsion of the Saracens by the Normans, under Robert Guiscard in 1059, must have produced in that country nearly the same effect, a similar event  brought about in England. To prove this we have the authority of William of Apulia[BD]. The conquerors considered the natives as one people  after propagating their language and manners. And Hugo Falcland[BE] relates, that in the year 1150, Count Henry refused to the management of public affairs,  pretending not knowing French which  was absolutely necessary at court.

A passage in Strabo,[BF]  asserts that the Turditani inhabiting the banks of the Boetis, now the Guadalquivir, forgot their original tongue, and adopted that of the conquerors. The language of the Romans spread early into Spain,this must once have been common in that kingdom manifested from the present name of the Spanish, which is still usually called Romance. It is evident that  Romance was used there in the fourteenth century appears from a correspondence between St. Vincent of Ferrieres and Don Martin, son of Peter the IVth of Arragon;[BG] and that .[BH]  considering the circumstances, I am consider the fact related by Mabillon,[BI] that in the eighth century a paralytic Spaniard, paying his devotions at the tomb of a saint in the church of Fulda, conversed with an Italian since understood the language of the Spaniard.
