When Mother Lets Us Garden. Duncan. Moffat, Yard & Co., New York .75 

The Beginner's Garden Book. French. Macmillan's, Toronto 1.00 

Productive Vegetable Garden. Lloyd. Lippincott Co., Philadelphia 1.50 

LESSONS IN COOKING 

SUGGESTIONS FOR THE TEACHER 

The teacher should learn how the pupil lives in his/her own home. What food produce is grown, what foods they use, and how they prepare and serve their foods, should all be considered. The instruction given in the lessons should be based on this knowledge, and the possibilities for the improvement of accepted methods of cooking should be considered. Those foods should be used in the recipes which the pupils can afford to use at home. They should be encouraged to grow in their gardens a variety of garden produce, and to keep a variety of livestock. 

Elementary principles of nutrition and sanitation should be taught. Simple meals, with well-cooked dishes, should be planned. Variations should be not only suggested but encouraged, and the value of a mixed diet emphasized. Care should be taken not to waste time on points that are unrelated to the home of the pupil, except as such points may be necessary to raise his/her ideals. 

All the work should be done carefully. The sanitary handling of food and care in the storage of foods should be mandatory. Careful attention should be given to the dish-washing, care of the dish-towels, etc., emphasizing the points in sanitation involved. The pupil should be drilled faithfully in all points connected with the handling of anything that comes in contact with the food. 

Proper methods of sweeping and cleaning should be employed, and thoroughness must be exercised in every detail of the work. Constant drill in these processes should be given. 

The order in which the lessons are to be given will be regulated, in part, by the season of the year in which they occur, the locality, the foods obtainable, and any special local needs; however, care must be taken that the lessons are given in a usable sequence, so that the pupil may see the relation of one to another and may appreciate the value of each. It may be necessary to combine two lessons or to give only part of a lesson. In some of the lessons more recipes are suggested than can be prepared in a brief period. In every case the choice of a recipe will have to be made by the teacher. Whenever it is possible, simple experiments should be performed to show the composition of, and the effect of, heat on food. 

No attempt has been made to give a complete set of recipes. However, the ones that have been included here are chosen as illustrating the subjects to be discussed in the lessons. Level measurements should be used in the preparation of all the recipes, and all the directions should be carefully followed.
