Macmillan, Toronto $ 1.75 
When my mom lets Garden. Duncan. Moffat, Yard & Co., New York 75 

Hardy garden of a woman. Ely. Macmillan, Toronto 1.75 

The Garden Book beginner. French. Macmillan, Toronto 1.00 

Productive Huerta. Lloyd. Lippincott Co., Philadelphia 1.50 

TWENTY LESSONS IN KITCHEN 

SUGGESTIONS FOR THE TEACHER 

The teacher must learn from the students live in their own homes, which produce food is grown for domestic use, what foods they use and how to prepare and serve food. The instruction given in class should be based on this knowledge, and possibilities for improvement of the accepted methods of cooking should be considered. Food should be used in recipes that students can afford to use at home. They should be encouraged to grow in their gardens a variety of garden products, and to keep chickens, pigs and cows. 

basic principles of nutrition and sanitation must be taught. Simple meals with dishes of all well done but must be planned. The changes should be suggested, and the value of a mixed diet said. You must be careful not to waste time on points that do not relate to students' homes, except in such things as are necessary to raise their ideals. 

All work must be done carefully. Sanitary handling of food and care in the storage of foods should be emphasized. Careful attention should be given to washing the dishes, care for the dish towels, etc, with emphasis on the points involved in sanitation. Students must be drilled accurately at all points related to the management of everything that comes into contact with food. 

appropriate methods of sweeping and cleaning should be employed, and rigor should be conducted in all the details of the work. constant drilling in these processes should be given. 

The order in which lessons will be given control in part, by the time of the year in which they occur, the location, food can get, and special local needs. However, care must be taken that the lessons are given in proper sequence, so that students can see the relationship to one another and can appreciate the value of each. It may be necessary to combine two lessons or to give only part of a lesson. In some of the lessons suggested recipes that can be prepared in a short period. In all cases the choice of a prescription must be made by the teacher. Wherever possible, simple experiments should be performed to show the composition of, and the effect of heat on, food. 

No attempt has been given a complete set of recipes, but those included here are chosen as illustrate the topics discussed in class. The teacher who wishes to use a greater number of prescriptions are done well supply themselves with one of the textbooks on the list. level measurements should be used in the preparation of all recipes, and all instructions should be carefully followed. 

The first lessons are more fully described than the others, providing suggestions on ways of proceeding that can be adapted to the lessons later.
