This determined purpose conquered every obstacle. Not only did he labour perseveringly
for his sister and himself, but also found means to attend regularly a course of public lectures
which the Abbé Marie was then giving at the College Mazarin. The professor, having remarked
the unwearied assiduity of the young clockmaker, made a friend of him, and delighted in considering
him as his beloved pupil. This friendship, founded on the truest esteem and the most affectionate
gratitude, contributed wondrously to the progress of the student.

The great metamorphosis which was effected so suddenly in the young clockmaker was very remarkable.
There is something very encouraging in his example, affording as it does a proof of the power
of the man who arms himself with a determined purpose. At first, the struggle with difficulties
appears hard, painful, almost impossible; but only let there be a little perseverance, the
obstacles vanish one after the other, the way is made plain: instead of the thorns which seem
to choke it, verdant laurels suddenly spring up, the reward of constant and unwearied labour.
Thus it was with our studious apprentice. His ideas soon expand; his work acquires more precision;
a new and a more extended horizon opens before him. From a skilful workman, it is not long
before he becomes an accomplished artist. Yet a few years, and the name of Bréguet is celebrated.

At the epoch of the first troubles of the Revolution of 1789, Bréguet had already founded the
establishment which has since produced so many master-pieces of mechanism. The most honourable,
the most flattering reputation was his. One anecdote will serve to prove the high repute in
which he was held, even out of France. One day a watch, to the construction of which he had
given his whole attention, happened to fall into the hands of Arnold, the celebrated English
watchmaker. He examined it with interest, and surveyed with admiration the simplicity of its
mechanism, the perfection of the workmanship. He could scarcely be persuaded that a specimen
thus executed could be the work of French industry. Yielding to the love of his art, he immediately
set out for Paris, without any other object than simply to become acquainted with the French
artist. On arriving in Paris, he went immediately to see Bréguet, and soon these two men were
acquainted with each other. They seem, indeed, to have formed a mutual friendship. In order
that Bréguet might give Arnold the highest token of his esteem and affection, he requested
him to take his son with him to be taught his profession, and this was acceded to.

The Revolution destroyed the first establishment of Bréguet, and finally forced the great artist
to seek an asylum on a foreign shore. There generous assistance enabled him, with his son,
to continue his ingenious experiments in his art. At length, having returned to Paris after
two years' absence, he opened a new establishment, which continued to flourish till 1823, when
France lost this man, the pride and boast of its industrial class. Bréguet was member of the
Institute, was clockmaker to the navy, and member of the Bureau of Longitude. He was indeed
the most celebrated clockmaker of the age; he had brought to perfection every branch of his
art.
