This objective determined conquered all obstacles. Not only working with perseverance to his sister and himself, but also find ways to attend a regular course of public lectures that the priest was giving then at the College Mazarin. The teacher, after observing the assiduity indefatigable young watchmaker made a friend of his, and delighted in considering it as his beloved disciple. This friendship, based on the true appreciation and gratitude most loving, wonderful contributions to student progress. 
The great metamorphosis that has taken place so suddenly at the young watchmaker was outstanding. There is something very encouraging in his example, producing as it does a test of man's power arms himself with a particular purpose. At first, the struggle with the difficulties seems hard, painful, almost impossible, but only has a little perseverance, obstacles disappear one after another, the way in which it was made clear: for the thorns that seem to choke it , suddenly sprout green laurels, the rewards of constant and tireless work. So it was with our student apprentice. His ideas soon expand, their work becomes more precise, one opens a new and broader horizon before him. From a skilled worker, it's not long before he becomes an accomplished artist. However, a few years, and the name of Bréguet celebrated. 

At the time of trouble in the first place the 1789 Revolution, Bréguet had founded the business which has since produced many masterpieces of the mechanism. Most of the honorable reputation of flattery was his. An anecdote will serve to demonstrate the high reputation which took place, even outside France. One day, a watch, a building which he had given his full attention, happened to fall into the hands of Arnold, the celebrated English watchmaker. He examined it carefully, and controlled with admiration the simplicity of its mechanism, the perfection of workmanship. He could scarcely be persuaded that a sample of what could be executed the work of French industry. Yielding to the love of his art, he immediately left for Paris without any object that is not simply to become familiar with the French artist. Upon arrival in Paris, went immediately to see Bréguet, and soon the two men knew each other. It seems, indeed, have formed a mutual friendship. So that may give Arnold shows Bréguet highest of esteem and affection, he asked him to take his son with him to be taught his profession, and this was adhered to. 

The Revolution destroyed the first establishment of Bréguet and eventually forced the great artist to seek asylum in a foreign land. There are generous help enabled him, with his son, to continue his ingenious experiments in his art. Finally, after returning to Paris after an absence of two years, opened a new establishment, which continued to flourish until 1823, when France lost this man, the pride and boast of their industrial class. Bréguet was a member of the Institute, was clockmaker to the Navy and member of the Bureau of Longitude. It was in fact the most famous watchmakers of the time, he had brought to perfection all branches of his art.
