Every obstacle is conquered by determined purpose.  He labour with a task  for his sister and himself and  found means to attend regularly a course of public lectures which the Abbé Marie was then giving at the College Mazarin. The professor, having remarked the  unflagging effort of the young clockmaker, made a friend of him and delighted in considering him as his beloved pupil. This friendship was with esteem and of affectionate gratitude, contributed wondrously to the progress of the student.

Something is encouraging in his example, as a proof of the power of the man who binds himself with a determined purpose.The abrupt change which effected so suddenly in the young clockmaker was very remarkable.  At first, the struggle with difficulties appears  almost impossible; but only let there be a little perseverance, the obstacles vanish one after the other.Instead of the thorns the way is made plain. Verdant laurels suddenly spring up as the reward of  unwearied labour. Thus it was with our studious apprentice. His ideas soon expand, work acquires more precision,  more extended horizon opens before him.  it is not long before he becomes an accomplished artist, from a skill workmen. After a few years the name of Bréguet is celebrated.

The 1789 Revolution, Bréguet  founded the establishment which has since produced so many master-pieces of mechanism.  His reputation became  honourable and flattering .Even out of France his reputation spread, one anecdote will prove this. One day a watch, a product which he gave  whole attention, got into the hands of Arnold, the celebrated English watchmaker. He examined it with interest, and surveyed with admiration the simplicity of its mechanism and the perfection of the workmanship   He was be persuaded that the specimen  could be the work of French industry. He immediately set out for Paris, to become acquainted with the French artist. At Paris he met Bréguet and soon these two men were acquainted with each other. They formed a mutual friendship. Bréguet requested Arnold to take his son with him to be taught his profession, and this was agreed, due to Arnold's  highest token of his esteem and affection to Bréguet

The Revolution destroyed the first establishment of Bréguet, and finally forced the great artist to seek an asylum on a foreign shore. He returned to Paris after two years' absence and opened a new establishment, which continued to flourish till 1823, when France lost this man. The pride and boast of its industrial class. Bréguet was member of the Institute, was clockmaker to the navy, and member of the Bureau of Longitude. He was indeed the most celebrated clockmaker who brought  perfection to every branch of his art.
