His devotion to the law, and his fear of becoming a slave of the uses that the parties to fashion all the public men must necessarily more or less of themselves, had they remained in their home state, and made its usefulness sectional. For politicians of the school of General Jackson, and the administration that the president, who was particularly nasty. His tenacious conservatism out of the hero "old" at a time, the observation that "it was the most dangerous man in the country." Lord Eldon, with its questions and the stubborn conservatism was not popular among reformers in England who was Judge Story, the last of the old regime of federal judges-with the radicals of 1832 bank. 
When Marshall died the judge felt his heart nearly broke. A new generation of constitutional exhibitors had emerged around it. Brother judges, with modern buildings and liberal notions of national legislation, were at his side. In many of the decisions that now was a lone dissenter. His pride was invaded, and self-torture, and their worship of certain legal interpretations that had been considered immutable in nature, was desecrated. And, for many years before his death, had contemplated giving up the federal judiciary, and living only for her beloved law school. 

This school was his adopted son. He had been in a weak and helpless child. He had given her strength and increased vitality. He took a vigorous and useful maturity. He was loved by only a handful of students when he gave his name and talent to help your life, but when he died one hundred and fifty students were hot suitors, and hundreds of attorneys throughout the Union caressed his prosperity as a link on their own chains of happiness. 

And although he did not think about it, his work in law school secure memory in the present generation there brighter than the array of judicial decisions and its thousands of pages written, you can always give. In some settlements the pine forests of Maine, at home or some model in California, there are lawyers who bring every day before his warm smile and an impressive conference, seen and heard by them in the past in Cambridge. Across the EU, in almost every village, town and city, are pupils. Each of them can sometimes reflect with enthusiasm about their day of college life, or remember with pride their professional success in the first place, but none of these considerations of reminiscence is so grateful to her mind the thought of her novitiate with Justice Story. Depend upon it that you have the textbooks Cambridge, Cambridge notebooks whose leaves daguerreotype of the dead eminent learning, catalogs of students who are proud of their name, as the most valuable parts of his collection. Never return to them, but they fall to their children. 

It was a privilege and a pleasure also to know in Cambridge Judge Story, who spent days of pleasure in the early hours of their society, their teachings have provided care to honor the memory of grateful and happy. We, too, have been fascinated with that conversation for a variety of exuberance and selfishness at times, were its greatest ornaments.
