His devotion to the law, and his dread of becoming that slave to party usages
which all public men must necessarily more or less fashion of themselves, would have retained
him in his native state, and made his usefulness sectional. To the politicians of the school
of General Jackson, and to the administration of that President, he was particularly distasteful.
His tenacious conservatism drew forth from the "old hero," on one occasion, the remark, that
"he was the most dangerous man in the country." Lord Eldon, with his doubts and pertinacious
toryism was not more unpopular among the reformers in England than was Judge Story—the last
of the old regime of federal judges—with the bank radicals of 1832.

When Chief Justice Marshall died he felt almost broken-hearted. A new race of constitutional
expounders had arisen around him. Brother justices, with modern constructions, and more liberal
notions of national law, were by his side. In many decisions he was now a sole dissenter. His
pride was invaded; his self-love tortured; his adoration of certain legal constructions which
he had deemed immutable in their nature, was desecrated. And, for many years previous to his
decease, he had contemplated resigning from the federal judiciary, and living alone for his
darling law school.

This school was his adopted child. He had taken it in a feeble and helpless infancy. He had
given it strength and increased vitality. He brought it up to a vigorous and useful maturity.
It was loved by only a handful of students when he gave his name and talents to aid its life:
but when he died, a hundred and fifty pupils were its warm suitors, and hundreds of lawyers
over the whole union cherished its prosperity as a link in their own chains of happiness.

And, although he thought not of it, his labors in the law school secure for his memory in the
present generation a more brilliant existence than his array of judicial decisions, and his
thousands of written pages, can ever bestow. In some pine forest settlement of Maine, or in
some rude court-house in California, there are lawyers who bring before them every day his
genial smiles and his impressive lectures, looked upon and heard by them in former times at
Cambridge. Over all the Union, in almost every village, town, and city, are his pupils. Each
one of them may sometimes reflect with rapture upon their days of college life, or remember
with pride their first professional success: but not one of these considerations of reminiscence
is so grateful to his mind as the thought of his novitiate with Justice Story. Depend upon
it he treasures up those Cambridge text-books, those Cambridge note-books whose leaves daguerreotype
the learning of the eminent deceased, those catalogues of students where his name is proudly
found, as the most valuable portions of his library. He will never part with them: but they
will descend to his children.

It was our privilege and pleasure also to know Mr. Justice Story at Cambridge; to have spent
days of pleasure in the hours of his society; to have rendered to his teachings the tribute
of delighted attention and grateful recollection. We, too, have been fascinated with that conversation,
whose variety of exuberance and sometimes egotism, were its greatest ornaments.
