His attachment to the rule, and his terror of flattering that slave to revelry usage which all public men should of necessity more or less manner of themselves, would have keep him in his inhabitant state, and completed his value sectional. To the politicians of the school of universal Jackson, and to the management of that President, he was chiefly repugnant. His stubborn conservatism drew forth from the "old hero," on solitary instance, the comment, that "he was the most unsafe man in the country." Lord Eldon, with his misgivings and stubborn tourism was not more disliked amongst the reformers in England than was moderator tale—the last of the old command of federal judges—with the bank radical of 1832.

 
When Chief Justice Marshall died he felt approximately heartbroken. A new race of legitimate expounders had arisen about him. Brother Justices, with current construction, and more open-minded philosophy of nationwide law, were by his side. In many decisions he was now a sole dissenter. His pride was invaded; his self-love tormented; his high regard of confident legal construction which he had deemed unchallengeable in their nature was dishonored. And, for many years previous to his passing, he had contemplated resigning from the federal judiciary and living alone for his dear rule discipline. 

This discipline was his adopted child. He had in use it in a delicate and powerless babyhood. He had decided it influence and distended strength. He brings it up to a advance and useful fatherhood. It was cherished by only a handful of student when he gave his name and aptitude to aid its life: but when he died, a hundred and fifty pupils were its warm suitors, and hundreds of lawyer over the complete mixture valued its affluence as a link in their own handcuffs of joy.

 
And, although he thought not of it, his labors in the law instruct protected for his nostalgia in the in turnout cohort a more glowing continued existence than his collection of legal decision, and his thousands of printed pages, can ever give. In a digit of sulk woodland conclusion of Maine, or in a digit of ill-mannered centralized courtyard in California, there are lawyers who bring before them every day his friendly smile and his imposing lectures, looked upon and heard by them in previous times at Cambridge. Over all the Union, in approximately each village, town, and city, is his pupils. Each one of them may from time to time replicate with rapture upon their days of college life, or remember with pride their first professional success: but not solitary of these consideration of recollection is so appreciative to his mind as the consideration of his novitiate with Justice Story. Depend upon it he treasures up those Cambridge text-books, those Cambridge note-books whose leaves daguerreotype the learning of the eminent deceased, and those catalogues of students where his name is conceitedly found, as the most expensive portion of his documents. He will by no means part with them: but they will move down to his brood. 


It was our privilege and enjoyment also to know Mr. Justice Story at Cambridge; to have exhausted days of enjoyment in the hours of his civilization; to have rendered to his tradition the compliment of pleased concentration and thankful remembrance. We, too, have been enthralled with that discussion, whose diversity of enthusiasm and occasionally selfishness, were its furthermost ornaments.
