But the most important contribution to the question is that of
Mr. Henry Rutgers Marshall in the last number of The Architectural Record, which also contains
a descriptive article upon the Royal Polytechnicum at Berlin and its course of study.

There is very little in any of these articles which adds to the existing knowledge on this
largely discussed subject; it is what might be considered a rethreshing of old straw, and the
main value of all of the articles is in the presentation, which may appeal to readers who have
not before thought of the matter in all of its bearings. The papers read before the convention
begin with the report of the committee on education, by Mr. Henry Van Brunt. In this Mr. Van
Brunt advocates the careful and systematic study of architectural history; and it was the purpose
of the report to bring out discussion which might lead to valuable suggestions to the architectural
schools upon the study of this subject. Mr. Geo. B. Post, of New York, Professor Ware, of Columbia
College, and several others took part in the discussion which resulted in merely recommitting
the question to the committee on education, as it was not considered advisable to take any
definite action which would bind the Institute to a settled policy on this question. Mr. Louis
H. Sullivan, of Chicago, in a thoughtful paper complained that education stifles and kills
the spirit of modern architectural work, and that the natural and spontaneous love for beauty
found in all human beings gives place, under our modern systems of instruction, to the dry
formalities of reproducing old and dead styles.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mr. Frank Miles Day and Mr. R.W. Gibson, each in his own way, described the advantages of foreign
travel and the best methods to pursue, as well as the most important ends to be attained.

Mr. Russell Sturgis, in a scholarly paper upon the subject of Greek architecture applied to
modern buildings, gave a number of precepts for the proper use of Greek forms and methods of
building as applied to our modern conditions. He closed his article with a lot of receipts
much in the style of an architectural cook book, for the application of his theories concerning
Greek architecture.

These articles, as will be seen from the above indications, dealt in most cases with one phase
only of architectural education. They are all of course important in their way, as contributing
to the general discussion of the subject, but each in turn gives only a partial view.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mr. Marshall, however, starts with the intention of making a full and fair statement of existing
conditions and logically draws his inferences as to the best methods of meeting them. He has
the valuable qualification of being able to consider his subject judicially and of writing
excellent and readable English, as has already been pointed out in these columns, in the review
of his recently published book, "Æsthetic Principles."

He divides the subject for convenience into three main headings: first, the use of tools, including
in his classification the executive function of handling men as well as tools in the narrower
and legitimate sense; second, the nature of materials employed; and third, the general principles
of beauty.
