No; the 'life' of a Government implies the continuous, incessant exercise of the supreme power of the state, and that depends upon the unending official life of living managerial functionaries; and therefore to say, as you do, that the management is 'utterly destroyed,' 'swept out of existence,' every time new members are elected to fill the place of those whose term of office has run out, is an absurd exaggeration of language, and surely serves no good purpose, but only afford to those who are competent of being deceived by it a fallacious show of support to a distinction which I have proved to be immaterial and futile in this case. 
It seems to me it is not for you to talk about 'the prejudice and befogged intellect of those who are not capable to see 'in the light' of your notable 'explication' that 'opposition to the Administration'--such as you now make--'is not opposition to the Government.' And your pretension 'to rally in support of the Government,' and to 'uphold and strengthen' it, by such opposition, will, I am afraid, be looked upon by intelligent men and good patriot as absurd and impudent to the last degree-an outrage, in fact, on speech and on common sense. 
* * * * * 
But sufficient for your verbal distinctions--a great deal too much, indeed, were it not that if you can put forth such things in good faith, it is to be presumed that there may be others of easy faith enough, through disloyal tendency of feeling, to take them as sound and valid, and so find comfort in error and an evil course. 
To come now to the real merits of the case. You denounce the Administration, and seek to stir up popular disaffection to it, not for heartlessness, hesitation, and feebleness in prosecuting the war, but precisely for whatever of earnestness, promptitude, and energy it displays--not, in short, for what it does not do, but for what it does do, in striking down the rebellion. It is vain for you to justify your conduct by professions of allegiance to the sovereign people and loyalty to the Government. Why, it is the great will of the sovereign people (to whom you profess such faithful allegiance) that the Government (to which you profess such devoted loyalty) should be saved from demolition by crushing to utter extinction the armed rebellion that seeks its overthrow. And the Administration--and I may include Congress, since the action of that body is also the object of your denunciation--is the organ of the sovereign public carrying out its sovereign will in all the acts you denounce. I do not say that the conduct of affairs has been in all respects satisfactory to the people. There have been too many things that looked to them like want of heart, want of earnestness, want of energy, want of wisdom, for the most part in the earlier conduct of the war--too many indications of a disposition, if not to protract the struggle, yet to make this terrible crisis of the nation a time for political combination and contractor gains. They have seen these clothes with grief and stern displeasure. But the acts you denounce meet their ruler approval. They are in favor of all earnest and vigorous measures for subduing the rebels, and for repressing in addition to punishing traitorous understanding with them, and treasonable aid and comfort to them.
