No; the 'life' of
a Government implies the perpetual, uninterrupted exercise of the supreme powers of the state,
and that depends upon the undying official life of living administrative functionaries; and
therefore to say, as you do, that the Administration is 'utterly destroyed,' 'swept out of
existence,' every time new members are elected to fill the place of those whose term of office
has run out, is an absurd exaggeration of language, and certainly serves no good purpose, but
only affords to those who are capable of being deceived by it a fallacious show of support
to a distinction which I have proved to be irrelevant and futile in this case.

It seems to me it is not for you to talk about 'the prejudices and befogged intellects' of
those who are unable to see 'in the light' of your notable 'explication' that 'opposition to
the Administration'--such as you now make--'is not opposition to the Government.' And your
pretension 'to rally in support of the Government,' and to 'uphold and strengthen' it, by such
opposition, will, I am afraid, be looked upon by intelligent men and good patriots as absurd
and impudent to the last degree-an outrage, in fact, on language and on common sense.

       *       *       *       *       *

But enough for your verbal distinctions--a great deal too much, indeed, were it not that if
you can put forth such things in good faith, it is to be presumed that there may be others
of easy faith enough, through disloyal predisposition of feeling, to take them as sound and
valid, and so find comfort in error and an evil course.

To come now to the real merits of the case. You denounce the Administration, and seek to stir
up popular disaffection to it, not for heartlessness, hesitation, and feebleness in prosecuting
the war, but precisely for whatever of earnestness, promptitude, and energy it displays--not,
in short, for what it does not do, but for what it does do, in striking down the rebellion.
It is vain for you to justify your conduct by professions of allegiance to the sovereign people
and loyalty to the Government. Why, it is the great will of the sovereign people (to whom you
profess such faithful allegiance) that the Government (to which you profess such devoted loyalty)
should be saved from destruction by crushing to utter extinction the armed rebellion that seeks
its overthrow. And the Administration--and I may include Congress, since the action of that
body is also the object of your denunciation--is the organ of the sovereign people, carrying
out its sovereign will in all the acts you denounce. I do not say that the conduct of affairs
has been in all respects satisfactory to the people. There have been too many things that looked
to them like want of heart, want of earnestness, want of energy, want of wisdom, particularly
in the earlier conduct of the war--too many indications of a disposition, if not to protract
the struggle, yet to make this terrible crisis of the nation a time for political combinations
and contractors' gains. They have seen these things with grief and stern displeasure. But the
acts you denounce meet their sovereign approval. They are in favor of all earnest and vigorous
measures for subduing the rebels, and for repressing and punishing traitorous sympathy with
them, and treasonable aid and comfort to them.
