They also exhibit various superficial streams of lava. One
of the most remarkable of these round craters lies near Andernuch, a little west of the Rhine.
It is named the Lake of Laach, and is nearly two miles in circumference. On its margin are
found numerous volcanic ejections, exactly resembling those of Mount Vesuvius. Notwithstanding
these evidences that the extinct volcanoes of Eyfel have been in activity since the country
acquired its present conformation, there are no historical records of their operations. There
is, indeed, a passage in Tacitus referring to fires that issued from the earth near Cologne;
but his description does not warrant the conclusion that the event to which he alludes was
of the nature of a volcanic eruption. The Drachenfels on the eastern bank of the Rhine, and
the other mountains in its neighbourhood, belong to the more ancient volcanic formations. The
same may be affirmed of the other mountains scattered throughout Germany and central Europe
generally, in which rocks of volcanic origin occur.

There are a good many traces of extinct volcanoes in Italy, besides those of the Phlegræan
fields already mentioned. In general character they resemble those previously described. The
chief localities are certain lakes, near Volterra in Tuscany, which give forth very hot sulphurous
and boracic acid vapours; a small sulphureous lake near Viterbo continually giving forth bubbles
of gas; the Lake of Vico between Viterbo and Rome; the mountain and Lake of Albano near Rome;
Mount Vultur in the Apennines, in the province of the Basilicata; and Lake Agnano near Naples.
Of these, the Lakes of Vico and Agnano are the most interesting. The former is the ancient
Lacus Cimini, and old authors state that its site was once occupied by a town, whose ruins
used to be visible at the bottom of the lake when the water was clear. The ground, with the
town upon it, is said to have been ingulfed during a volcanic convulsion, when the lake was
formed in its place.

The Lake Agnano is the site of an ancient volcanic crater, and on its margin is situated the
Grotto del Cane, so famous for the deadly vapours it exhales. These consist of carbonic acid
gas, in combination with watery vapour. This celebrated Grotto is thus described, in his work
on volcanoes, by Dr. Daubeny, who visited the spot:--

"The mouth of the cavern being somewhat more elevated than its interior, a stratum of carbonic
acid goes on constantly accumulating at the bottom, but upon rising above the level of its
mouth, flows like so much water over the brim. Hence the upper part of the cavern is free from
any noxious vapour; but the air of that below is so fully impregnated, that it proves speedily
fatal to any animal that is immersed in it, as is shown to all strangers by the experiment
with the dog.

"The sensation I experienced, on stooping my head for a moment to the bottom, resembled that
of which we are sometimes sensible on drinking a large glass of soda water in a state of brisk
effervescence. The cause in both instances is plainly the same.

"The quantity of carbonic acid present in the cavern at various heights, was shown by immersing
in it various combustibles in a state of inflammation. I found that phosphorus would continue
lighted at about two feet from the bottom, whilst a sulphur match went out a few inches above,
and a wax taper at a still higher level.
