They also show several lava flows on the surface. One of the most notable of these craters are near Andernuch round, just west of the Rhine. Appointed Laach Lake, and is almost two miles in circumference. In context, there are numerous volcanic expulsions, just like those of Mount Vesuvius. Despite this evidence that the extinct volcanoes of Eyfel have been in action since the country gained its current form, there are no historical records of their operations. There is, indeed, a passage of Tacitus refers to the fires that left the earth, near Cologne, but their description does not warrant the conclusion that the event, which concerns the nature of a volcanic eruption. The Drachenfels on the east bank of the Rhine and the other mountains in neighboring countries, belong to the oldest volcanic formations. The same is true of the other mountains scattered throughout Germany and central Europe in general, where volcanic rocks occur. 
There are a number of remains of extinct volcanoes in Italy, besides those already mentioned Flegrei fields. In general, resemble those described above. The main cities are certain lakes, near Volterra, Tuscany, turning hot sulphurous fumes of boric acid, a small lake near Viterbo continually giving forth sulfur dioxide gas bubbles, Lake Vico between Viterbo and Rome, the mountains and lake Albano, near Rome, Mount Vultur in the Apennines, in the province of Basilicata, and Lake Agnano near Naples. Of these, the lakes of Vico and Agnano are the most interesting. The first is the ancient Lacus Cimini, and old authors say that the site was occupied by a city, whose ruins are often visible at the bottom of the lake when the water was clear. The soil, with the city in it, is said to have been ingulfed during a volcanic upheaval, when the lake was formed in its place. 

Agnano Lake is the site of an ancient volcanic crater, and that its margin is the Grotto of the Dog, as famous for exhalation deadly gases. These consist of carbonic acid gas, in combination with water vapor. This famous cave is described as in his work on volcanoes, by Dr. Daubeny, who visited the site: - 

"The mouth of the cave being slightly higher than inside, a layer of carbon dioxide continues to accumulate steadily in the background, but as the sun rose above the level of the mouth, like water flowing around edge. Hence the upper cave is free of any harmful vapor, but the air is so wet, then it is rapidly fatal to any animal that is immersed in it, as shown to all foreigners by experiment with the dog. 

"The feeling I had, turning his head for a moment at the bottom, resembled that of the times that we are sensitive to drink a glass of soda water in a state of excitement and fast. The cause in both cases is clearly the same. 

"The amount of carbonic acid present in the cave at various heights, it was demonstrated by immersing the different fuels in a state of inflammation. I found that phosphorus stays on for about two feet from the bottom, while sulfur match was a few inches above, and a candle in an even higher level.
