The Clifford "black face" who sullied the glory acquired by their bravery in the battle of sandal, for murdering his young prisoner the Earl of Rutland, in cold blood, at the end of it has obtained a passport for an odious immortality the genius of the bard of Avon location. But his real target is much more remarkable, both moral and poetic point of view, than that assigned to him by our great dramatist. On the night before the battle of Towton Field, after the end of the skirmish that preceded it, an unknown archer shot him in the throat as was the postponement of his collar, and so avenge the miserable victims, whose blood was poured out like water in Wakefield Bridge. The revenge of the partisans of York was not yet satisfied by the death of the butcher, as Leland informs us that he called: - For he commanded, in the first year of the reign of Edward IV, and gave their land, a year later, the Duke of Gloucester, which keeps them in his iron fist until he lost his crown and life of the Battle of Bosworth. The story of his son is a ready-made romance. One of the first acts of Henry VII, after his ascension to the throne, was to reverse the ban has been issued against her father, and immediately after, the young lord came out of hiding, where he was educated in ignorance of their rank and with the manners and education of a pastor. His son, who was the first Earl of Cumberland, embittered the celebration of his life, embarking on a series of adventures, which, despite its profligacy, or rather as a consequence, have a strong romantic interest. Upon discovering that his father was unable or unwilling to provide the necessary funds to maintain their revolt disorderly and luxury, became the leader of a band of outlaws, and his agency, which has the support and goodwill of commuters King's Road. A letter from an elderly gentleman, his father, who, incidentally, is not the letter of an illiterate man, still exists, in which he complains in very emotional degeneration of his son and his misconduct. The young rogue who wished his father know from experience the difficulties of being poor with money, he ordered his tenants to pay rent Craven, and beat one of them, Henry Popely, who dared to disobey, so severely with own part, that he lay for a long time in mortal danger. He broke his father's house, & c. "The criminals took their property rights," as the old lord curiously observes, "apparelling he and his horse, all the time, in cloth of gold and silver and gold, more like a duke, the son of a baron poor. " He also had a special aversion to the religious orders, "shamefully beating its tenants and service workers, so that some entire villages were willingly to keep churches at night and day, and did not dare to enter their own houses. " - While engaged in these despicable practices, less dissonant, however, the customs of his time than ours, who wooed and won, and married a daughter of Percy of Northumberland, and conjecture, for reasons very plausible that their courtship and marriage to a lady of high rank under the penalty for his part, gave rise to the beautiful old ballad Nutbrown Maid.
