On beholding a deer, the hunter  downhill rides  from his  equine,  and, while the deer is  discerning  the  last  cited,   creeps upon him,  holding  the  biggest  trees between himself and the object of pursuit, until he gets  beside   sufficient  to fire. An  professional  woodsman seldom  falls short  to  strike  his game. It is  exceedingly   unsafe  to  set about  a  hurt  deer. Timid and  innocuous  as this animal is at other times, he no  earlier  finds himself deprived of the power of  air  journey,   than he becomes  angry,  and  hurries  upon his  foe,   producing   despairing  plunges with his  pointed  horns, and  hitting  and trampling furiously with his forelegs, which, being  exceedingly  muscular and  equipped  with  pointed  hoofs, are  adept  of  imposing  very  critical  wounds. Aware of this circumstance, the hunter  advances  him with caution, and either  protects  his prey by a second shot, where the first has been but partially  thriving,  or, as is more  often  the case,  determinants  his dog to  grab  the  hurt  animal, while he watches his own  opening  to stab him with his hunting-knife. Sometimes where a noble buck is the  casualty,  and the hunter is  intolerant  or inexperienced,  awful   confrontations  ensue on such occasions. Another mode is to watch at  evening,  in the  district  of the salt-licks. These are  locations  where the  soil  is impregnated with saline particles, or where the salt-water oozes through the soil. Deer and other grazing animals  common  such  locations,  and  stay  for hours licking the earth. The hunter secretes himself here, either in the  broad   peak  of a tree, or most  usually  in a  computer display  erected for the  reason,  and artfully  hid,  like a mask-battery, with logs or green boughs. This  perform  is  chased  only in the summer, or early in the  after summer,  in cloudless nights, when the moon  polishes   glaringly,  and  things  may be  gladly  discovered. At the  increasing  of the moon, or  soon  after, the deer having  increased  from their beds  set about  the lick. Such  locations  are  usually  denuded of timber, but  enclosed  by it; and as the animal is about to  appear  from the  shadow  into the clear moonlight, he  halts,   examines   warily   round  and snuffs the air. Then he  improvement  a  couple of  steps, and  halts   afresh,   stinks  the ground, or raises his  amplified  nostrils, as if "he snuffed the  set about  of  hazard  in every  stained  breeze." The hunter  is seated   still,  and  nearly  breathless, waiting until the animal  will  get  inside  rifle-shot, and until its  place,  in  relative  to the hunter and the  lightweight,   will  be favourable, when he  blazes  with an  certain  aim. A  couple of  deer only can be  therefore  taken in one  evening,  and after a  couple of  nights, these timorous animals are  propelled  from the haunts which are  therefore  disturbed. Another  procedure  is called  going by car,  and is only  skilful  in those  components  of the  homeland  where this kind of game is scarce, and where  searching  is  chased  as an amusement. A large party is made up, and the hunters  travel   ahead  with their dogs. The  searching  ground is  chosen,  and as it is  attractive  well  renowned  what tracts are  generally  taken by the deer when  begun,  an  one-by-one  is  put  at each of those  routes  to intercept the  withdrawing  animal. The  view  of  activity  being in some  assess,   enclosed,   little  parties  accelerate  with the  canines  in  distinct   main headings,  and the startled deer, in  soaring,   usually   go by plane  by some of the  individuals  who are  hid,  and who  blaze  at them as they pass.

* * * * *

WOLVES OF NORTH AMERICA.

(From Featherstonehaugh's Journal.)
