the hunter slides from his horse,On beholding a 
deer,and while the deer is observing the horse,creeps upon him,by keeping the largest trees between the object of pursuit and himself untill he comes near to fire.An expert woodsman fails to hit the game.Approaching a wounded deer is extremely dangerous.this animal is Timid and harmless at other times.he can't find deprived of the power of flight,than he becomes furious,and ran upon his enemy,making injuries with his sharp horns.then it striking and trampling furiously with his forelegs.it is extremely muscular and armed with sharp hoofs.it causes severe wounds.A hunter who know this circumstance approaches him with caution, and either secures his prey by a second shot,when the first hasn't been successful,or while he watches his own opportunity to stab him with his hunting-knife,he causes his dog to seize the wounded animal.sometimes the hunter is impatient,and a noble buck is the victim.terrible conflicts ensue on such occasions.Another mode is to watch at night, in the neighbourhood of the salt-licks. These are spots where the earth is impregnated with saline particles, or where the salt-water oozes through the soil. Deer and other grazing animals frequent such places, and remain for hours licking the earth. The hunter secretes himself here, either in the thick top of a tree, or most generally in a screen erected for the purpose, and artfully concealed, like a mask-battery, with logs or green boughs. This practice is pursued only in the summer, or early in the autumn, in cloudless nights, when the moon shines brilliantly, and objects may be readily discovered. At the rising of the moon, or shortly after, the deer having risen from their beds approach the lick. Such places are generally denuded of timber, but surrounded by it; and as the animal is about to emerge from the shade into the clear moonlight, he stops, looks cautiously around and snuffs the air. Then he advances a few steps, and stops again, smells the ground, or raises his expanded nostrils, as if "he snuffed the approach of danger in every tainted breeze." The hunter sits motionless, and almost breathless, waiting until the animal shall get within rifle-shot, and until its position, in relation to the hunter and the light, shall be favourable, when he fires with an unerring aim. A few deer only can be thus taken in one night, and after a few nights, these timorous animals are driven from the haunts which are thus disturbed. Another method is called driving, and is only practised in those parts of the country where this kind of game is scarce, and where hunting is pursued as an amusement. A large party is made up, and the hunters ride forward with their dogs. The hunting ground is selected, and as it is pretty well known what tracts are usually taken by the deer when started, an individual is placed at each of those passages to intercept the retreating animal. The scene of action being in some measure, surrounded, small parties advance with the dogs in different directions, and the startled deer, in flying, generally fly by some of the persons who are concealed, and who fire at them as they pass.
