On beholding a deer, the hunter slides from his horse, and, while the deer is observing
the latter, creeps upon him, keeping the largest trees between himself and the object of pursuit,
until he gets near enough to fire. An expert woodsman seldom fails to hit his game. It is extremely
dangerous to approach a wounded deer. Timid and harmless as this animal is at other times,
he no sooner finds himself deprived of the power of flight, than he becomes furious, and rushes
upon his enemy, making desperate plunges with his sharp horns, and striking and trampling furiously
with his forelegs, which, being extremely muscular and armed with sharp hoofs, are capable
of inflicting very severe wounds. Aware of this circumstance, the hunter approaches him with
caution, and either secures his prey by a second shot, where the first has been but partially
successful, or, as is more frequently the case, causes his dog to seize the wounded animal,
while he watches his own opportunity to stab him with his hunting-knife. Sometimes where a
noble buck is the victim, and the hunter is impatient or inexperienced, terrible conflicts
ensue on such occasions. Another mode is to watch at night, in the neighbourhood of the salt-licks.
These are spots where the earth is impregnated with saline particles, or where the salt-water
oozes through the soil. Deer and other grazing animals frequent such places, and remain for
hours licking the earth. The hunter secretes himself here, either in the thick top of a tree,
or most generally in a screen erected for the purpose, and artfully concealed, like a mask-battery,
with logs or green boughs. This practice is pursued only in the summer, or early in the autumn,
in cloudless nights, when the moon shines brilliantly, and objects may be readily discovered.
At the rising of the moon, or shortly after, the deer having risen from their beds approach
the lick. Such places are generally denuded of timber, but surrounded by it; and as the animal
is about to emerge from the shade into the clear moonlight, he stops, looks cautiously around
and snuffs the air. Then he advances a few steps, and stops again, smells the ground, or raises
his expanded nostrils, as if "he snuffed the approach of danger in every tainted breeze." The
hunter sits motionless, and almost breathless, waiting until the animal shall get within rifle-shot,
and until its position, in relation to the hunter and the light, shall be favourable, when
he fires with an unerring aim. A few deer only can be thus taken in one night, and after a
few nights, these timorous animals are driven from the haunts which are thus disturbed. Another
method is called driving, and is only practised in those parts of the country where this kind
of game is scarce, and where hunting is pursued as an amusement. A large party is made up,
and the hunters ride forward with their dogs. The hunting ground is selected, and as it is
pretty well known what tracts are usually taken by the deer when started, an individual is
placed at each of those passages to intercept the retreating animal. The scene of action being
in some measure, surrounded, small parties advance with the dogs in different directions, and
the startled deer, in flying, generally fly by some of the persons who are concealed, and who
fire at them as they pass.

       *       *       *       *       *

WOLVES OF NORTH AMERICA.

(From Featherstonehaugh's Journal.)

