On beholding a deer, the huntsman slide from his horse, and, whilst the deer is observe the concluding, creep ahead him, detention the prevalent plants between himself and the entity of tracking down, awaiting he get near sufficient to fire. An expert woodsman hardly ever fails to hit his game. It is tremendously unsafe to move toward a injured deer. shy and undamaging as this mammal is at other period, he no more rapidly finds himself depressed of the power of voyage, than he become enraged, and rush upon his opponent manufacture worried plunge with his pointed horns, and arresting and trample wrathfully with his forelegs, which, being tremendously brawny and equipped with pointed hoofs, are competent of inflict very stern wound. Aware of this condition, the huntsman approach him with concern, and either secure his prey by a second shot, where the first has been but partially successful, or, as is more frequently the case, cause his dog to seize the injured mammal, as he watch his own occasion to attempt him with his hunting-knife. Occasionally where a decent buck is the sufferer, and the seeker is intolerant or inexpert, dreadful conflict ensues on such occasions. a further mode is to pocket watch at nighttime, in the neighborhood of the salt-licks. These are acne where the mud is impregnate with salty particle, or someplace the salt-water ooze throughout the soil. Deer and other graze birds numerous such seats, and stay for hours hammering the earth. The seeker secrete himself here, moreover in the broad top of a tree, or most usually in a observe erect for the intention, and artfully concealed, like a mask-battery, with logs or green boughs. This practice is pursued only in the summer, otherwise early on in the autumn, in sunny nights, when the moon shines radiantly, and substance may be readily revealed. At the increasing of the moon, or in a while after, the deer have rise from their beds draw near the lick. Such seats are in general denude of lumber, but surrounded by it; and as the mammal is about to appear from the shadow into the obvious moonlight, he stop, look carefully just about and snuffs the air. Afterward he advances a few steps, and stop again, smells the ground, or raises his expanded nostrils, as if "he snuffed the approach of danger in every tainted breeze." The hunter sits motionless, and almost breathless, waiting until the animal shall get within rifle-shot, and until its position, inside family member to the huntsman and the brightness, shall be favorable, when he fires with a positive aim. A few deer only can be thus taken in one night, and after a few nights, these frightened animals are driven from the haunts which are thus disturbed. a new method is called driving, and is only practiced in those parts of the state where this kind of game is limited, and where hunt is pursue as an laughter. A large party is made up, and the hunters ride forward with their dogs. The hunting ground is selected, and while it is attractive well recognized what tracts are frequently taken by the deer when ongoing, an human being is placed at each of those passage to interrupt the retreating animal. The prospect of exploit being in a few measure, bounded, small party advance with the dogs in dissimilar information, and the anxious deer, in on the wing, in general fly by some of the people who are obscured, and who combustion at them as they overtake.  


THE STORY
