The wharfinger, as expected, was completely off his guard by the ingenuity and cunning thief, and gave them to him. 
On April 3, two Jews, and Gaspar Lewis Ellis, father and son, were bred in Lambeth Street Police Station to be involved in the robbery, then two other prisoners, Emanuel Moses and his daughter, Alice Abrahams, were arrested, and all were committed for trial, the Caspars for stealing the gold, the other two for the receipt of the criminal himself, and knowing it is stolen. They were tried at the Central Criminal Court on 24 June, the trial that lasted eight days. The jury found guilty at all, but recommended to the mercy of Alice Abrahams, believing that she acted under the advice and influence of his father. Judgement did not rule on the matter until Feb. 3, 1840, when the three prisoners were sentenced to fourteen years transportation, and women to work four months hard labor. The Jewish community tried all his influence to get these sentences modified, but the pirates sailed for Sydney in October next. The costs of the prosecution in relation to the trial amounted to £ 2,900! 

CHAPTER IX. 

Times, 25 Ap .- "Workers employed for some time to tear down an old house adjoining public Church St. Dunstan, Fleet Street, discovered in the cellars of the old stone statue of Queen Elizabeth, before the ship was in the old church. The parish authorities have decided on the far east of the church, in front of Fleet Street. " An unfortunate position for many commodities, Irish illiterate, or women have been confused due to their environment, to be a statue of the Virgin Mary, and have devoutly crossed themselves and said that his "Birds." 

At this time there was a political complication with great potential for gossip, and showed that it was time for the Queen was released from his female followers, and with the advice of the protection of a husband. In the May 7, Lord Melbourne, after being beaten by a small majority, the bill on the suspension of the Constitution of Jamaica, resigned, and Sir Robert Peel was commissioned by the Queen to form a new Ministry. He did, but for valid reasons, the waiver is required as it was, and is, always, the ladies of the house. In order that there will be no bias on this divergence of opinion between the king and his minister, I quote a part of speech of Sir Robert Peel in the House of Commons on 13 May, taking him by the authorized version of Hansard. Sir Robert said there was only a matter of discord between him and His Majesty. 

"The difficulty arose with respect to certain portions of the establishment which is filled by the ladies of the house. Sir, I think is infinitely better, at this point, that of the difficulty that arose, I think it's infinitely better after of mature consideration, which should not come in the first instance at least, not unless they are invited by the noble Lord (John Russell), in any statement of any of the prints in my own mind about what happened, but that must refer exclusively to the letters that passed over the issue, because if I go to another, hence, the impressions of my own, I have details of verbal communication happened when two parties only were present, and I was one of parties, being alone in this House to provide explanations of what happened.
