The wharfinger, as might be
expected, was completely put off his guard by the ingenuity and cunning of the thief, and delivered
them over to him.

On 3 April, two Jews, Ellis and Lewis Caspar, father and son, were brought up at Lambeth Street
Police Station for being concerned in the robbery; afterwards, two other prisoners, Emanuel
Moses and his daughter, Alice Abrahams, were arrested, and all were committed for trial, the
Caspars for stealing the gold, the other two for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing
it to be stolen.  They were tried at the Central Criminal Court on 24 June, the trial lasting
eight days.  The jury found them all guilty, but recommended Alice Abrahams to mercy, believing
that she acted under the advice and influence of her father.  Judgment was not pronounced on
them until 3 Feb., 1840, when the three male prisoners were sentenced to fourteen years’ transportation,
and the female to four months’ hard labour.  The Jewish community tried all their influence
to get these sentences modified, but the convicts sailed for Sydney in the following October.
The expenses of the prosecutor in connection with the trial amounted to £2,900!

CHAPTER IX.

Times, 25 Ap.—“The workmen engaged some time since in taking down an old public house adjoining
St. Dunstan’s Church, in Fleet St., discovered in one of the cellars the ancient stone statue
of Queen Elizabeth, which formerly stood in the nave of the old church.  The parochial authorities
have resolved to place it on the east end of the church, fronting Fleet Street.”  An unfortunate
position, for many raw, unlettered Irishmen, or women, have mistaken it, owing to its environment,
to be a statue of the Virgin Mary, and have devoutly crossed themselves, and said their “Aves.”

About this time occurred a political complication which afforded great scope for gossip, and
which showed that it was about time that the Queen was freed from her female entourage, and
had the protective advice of a husband.  On the 7th May, Lord Melbourne, having been beaten,
by a small majority, on the Bill concerning the Suspension of the Constitution in Jamaica,
resigned, and Sir Robert Peel was commissioned by the Queen to form a new Ministry.  He did
so, but, for valid reasons, he required the resignation, as was, and is, usual, of the ladies
of the household.  In order that there shall be no bias on this divergence of opinion between
the Sovereign and her Minister, I quote a portion of Sir Robert Peel’s speech in the House
of Commons, on 13 May, taking it from the authorised version of Hansard.  Sir Robert said that
there was but one subject of disunion between himself and Her Majesty.

“The difficulty arose with respect to certain portions of that part of the establishment which
is filled by the Ladies of the household.  Sir, I think it infinitely better, on this point—the
one on which the difficulty arose—I think it infinitely better, after mature consideration—that
I should not enter—in the first instance, at least, nor unless invited by the noble Lord (John
Russell)—into any statement whatever of impressions on my own mind with respect to what took
place—but that I should refer exclusively to the letters which passed on the subject; because
if I were to state, here, impressions of my own, I must detail verbal communications that passed,
where two parties only were present; and myself one of the party, being alone in this House
to offer explanations of what occurred.
