He gain philosophical results for his good work from the society's where he worked with unessential in great extent cleared up; but the former remained all the more clearly defined in logical nakedness for the removal of the side issues and the personal idiosyncrasies. Indeed which often obscured the main issues. When the origins and consequeces of the fundametal principles on either side had been fully discussed and mutual misunderstandings removed to the utmost, so that only the fundamentals themselves remained in debate There was nothing left to be done. The society, in fact, as Huxley expressed it,] "died of too much love."     

Indeed, it is to be noticed that, despite the strong antagonism of principle and deductions from principle which existed among the members, the rule of mutual toleration was well kept. after ten years the state of feeling ' open struggle seemed likely to produce active collision between representatives of the opposing schools at close quarters. After so many years we all thought it would be a case of Kilkenny cats. Hats and coat left in the hall, but there would be no owners left to put them on again, but only one flash of the sort was elicited.At an early meeting one of the speakers insisted on the necessity of avoiding anything like moral disapprobation in the debates.There was a pause; then W.G. Ward said: "While acquiescing in this condition as a general rule, I think it cannot be expected that Christian thinkers shall give no sign of the horror with which they would view the spread of such extreme opinions as those advocated by Mr. Huxley."Another pause; then Huxley, thus challenged, replied: "As Dr. Ward has spoken, I must in fairness say that it will be very difficult for me to conceal my feeling as to the intellectual degradation which would come of the general acceptance of such views as Dr. Ward holds." ("Life of W.G. Ward" by Wilfrid Ward page 309.) 

No amount of argument could have been more effectual in supporting the claim for mutual toleration than those two speeches, and thenceforward such forms of criticism were conspicuous by their absence. And where honesty of conviction was patent, mutual toleration was often replaced by personal esteem and regard. "Charity, brotherly love," writes Huxley, "were the chief traits of the Society. We all expended so much charity, that, had it been money, we should every one have been bankrupt.

The special part played in the society by Huxley was to show that many of the axioms of current speculation are far from being axiomatic, and that dogmatic assertion on some of the cardinal points of metaphysic is unwarranted by the evidence of fact. To find these seeming axioms set aside as unproven, was, it appears from his "Life," disconcerting to such members of the society as Cardinal Manning, whose arguments depended on the unquestioned acceptance of them. It was no doubt the observation of a similar attitude of mind in Mr. Gladstone towards metaphysical problems which provoked Huxley to reply, when asked whether Mr. Gladstone was an expert metaphysician--"An expert in metaphysics? He does not know the meaning of the word."

In addition to his share in the discussions, Huxley contributed three papers to the society. A summary of the argument appears in the essay on Hume ("Collected Essays" 6 201 sq.)
