The net philosophical result of the society's work was to distinguish the essential and the
unessential differences between the opposite parties; the latter were to a great extent cleared
up; but the former remained all the more clearly defined in logical nakedness for the removal
of the side issues and the personal idiosyncrasies which often obscured the main issues. Indeed,
when this point was reached by both parties, when the origins and consequences of the fundamental
principles on either side had been fully discussed and mutual misunderstandings removed to
the utmost, so that only the fundamentals themselves remained in debate, there was nothing
left to be done. The society, in fact, as Huxley expressed it,] "died of too much love."

[Indeed, it is to be noticed that, despite the strong antagonism of principle and deductions
from principle which existed among the members, the rule of mutual toleration was well kept.
The state of feeling after ten years' open struggle seemed likely to produce active collision
between representatives of the opposing schools at close quarters.] "We all thought it would
be a case of Kilkenny cats," [said Huxley many years afterwards.] "Hats and coats would be
left in the hall, but there would be no owners left to put them on again." [But only one flash
of the sort was elicited. One of the speakers at an early meeting insisted on the necessity
of avoiding anything like moral disapprobation in the debates. There was a pause; then W.G.
Ward said: "While acquiescing in this condition as a general rule, I think it cannot be expected
that Christian thinkers shall give no sign of the horror with which they would view the spread
of such extreme opinions as those advocated by Mr. Huxley." Another pause; then Huxley, thus
challenged, replied: "As Dr. Ward has spoken, I must in fairness say that it will be very difficult
for me to conceal my feeling as to the intellectual degradation which would come of the general
acceptance of such views as Dr. Ward holds." ("Life of W.G. Ward" by Wilfrid Ward page 309.)

No amount of argument could have been more effectual in supporting the claim for mutual toleration
than those two speeches, and thenceforward such forms of criticism were conspicuous by their
absence. And where honesty of conviction was patent, mutual toleration was often replaced by
personal esteem and regard. "Charity, brotherly love," writes Huxley, "were the chief traits
of the Society. We all expended so much charity, that, had it been money, we should every one
have been bankrupt."

The special part played in the society by Huxley was to show that many of the axioms of current
speculation are far from being axiomatic, and that dogmatic assertion on some of the cardinal
points of metaphysic is unwarranted by the evidence of fact. To find these seeming axioms set
aside as unproven, was, it appears from his "Life," disconcerting to such members of the society
as Cardinal Manning, whose arguments depended on the unquestioned acceptance of them. It was
no doubt the observation of a similar attitude of mind in Mr. Gladstone towards metaphysical
problems which provoked Huxley to reply, when asked whether Mr. Gladstone was an expert metaphysician--"An
expert in metaphysics? He does not know the meaning of the word."

In addition to his share in the discussions, Huxley contributed three papers to the society.
A summary of the argument appears in the essay on Hume ("Collected Essays" 6 201 sq.)
