philosophical net result of the work of society is to distinguish what is essential and nonessential differences between the opposing parties, the latter were largely cleared, but the former is still more clearly defined in the software to eliminate nudity of the issues and personal idiosyncrasies that often obscures the main issues. In fact, when this point was reached by both parties, if the origins and consequences of the fundamental principles of both sides under consideration and mutual misunderstandings eliminated to the maximum, so that only the foundations remained in the debate, there was nothing to be done. The company, in fact, as Huxley said,] "died of love." 
[In fact, it is noteworthy that, despite the strong differences of principle and the deductions of principle that existed between the members, the rule of mutual tolerance was well cared for. The mood after an open ten-year struggle seemed likely to produce the active collision between representatives of opposing schools nearby.] "We all thought it would be a case of the Kilkenny cats," said [Huxley many years later.] hats and coats left in the hall, but the owners would not have failed to put them back. "[However, only a glimpse of the kind was obtained. One of the speakers at an early meeting stressed the need to avoid something like the moral disapproval in the discussions. There was a pause, then WG Ward, said: "Although consent to this condition generally do not think you can expect that Christian thinkers give any sign of horror to those who could see the spread of views as extreme as those advocated by Mr. Huxley. "Another pause, then Huxley, challenged him, he replied:" As Dr. Ward has spoken, I have to say in justice to be very difficult for me to hide my feelings about the intellectual degradation that would come from the general acceptance of views such as Dr. Ward says. "(" Life of WG Ward "by Wilfrid Ward page 309.) 

No amount of argument could have been more effective in supporting the claims of mutual tolerance of the two speeches, and since these forms of criticism were conspicuous by their absence. And where the honesty of conviction was evident, mutual tolerance was often replaced by the esteem and respect. "Charity, brotherly love," writes Huxley, "were the main features of the Company. All spent so much charity, that being the money, we have each been in bankruptcy." 

The special part they play in society Huxley was to show that many of the axioms of the current speculation is far from axiomatic, and that the dogmatic assertion in some of the cardinal points of metaphysics is not justified by the evidence of the facts . To find these axioms that seem to ignore is not proven, was apparently in his life, "" disconcerting for some members of society such as Cardinal Manning, whose arguments depend on the unquestioning acceptance of them. No doubt it was the observation of a similar attitude of mind in Gladstone into metaphysical problems that caused Huxley for responding, when asked if Mr. Gladstone was a metaphysician of experts - "An expert in metaphysics? He did not know the meaning of the word. " 

In addition to participating in the discussions, Huxley contributed three papers to the society. A summary of the argument appears in the essay on Hume ("Collected Essays" 6201 sq)
