The net result of the philosophical work of society is essential to distinguish the differences between partners and insignificant, as these were largely clear, but the first was kept more clearly defined logic in the nakedness of the abolition of child issues and personal characteristics that often obscures the main issues. In fact, when this matter was reached by both parties on the origins and consequences of the fundamental principles of each country are examined in depth and mutual understanding to remove the limit, so I was only based on the discussion, nothing is left the 'do. In society, in fact, as Huxley expresses] died of love too. "

[Actually, it is noteworthy that even strong antagonism of principles and deductions from the principle that existed among members, the state of mutual tolerance is maintained well. The mood after a ten years open struggle seemed likely to provoke confrontation between the representatives of active opposition to the schools in person.] "All we would be a case of Kilkenny cats," he that [Huxley years beyond.] "The hats and coats in the hallway would be, but there the owners were leaving again." [However, only a spark of the class was. One of the speakers for a quick meeting stressed the need to avoid something like the debates in moral disapproval. There was a pause, then WG Ward, said: "Although consent in this state, in general, I think you can not expect that Christian thinkers did not give examples of horror with which the propagation of these points extreme view according to the request by Mr. Huxley. "Another pause, then Huxley, was the challenge, said:" As Dr. Ward has spoken, I must say that justice will be very difficult for me to hide My opinion about the intellectual degradation, which will come into general acceptance of views such as Dr. Ward. "(" Life of JC Ward "by Wilfrid Ward page 309.)

No amount of argument could be more effective in support of the application of mutual tolerance of these two speeches, and since these forms of criticism are deduced from their absence. And where is the justice of mutual tolerance of patent verdict is often replaced by the personal honor and respect. "The charity, brotherly love," writes Huxley, "were the main features of society. All donations went so that if he had money, we each have been declared bankrupt."

special functions in the society of Huxley's view that many of the axioms of the current speculation, far from being axiomatic and dogmatic assertions of some of the addresses of the metaphysical world is not justified by evidence of facts. To find these axioms appear as reserved founded, that his life was confusing to those members of society such as Cardinal Manning, the arguments depend on the unquestioned acceptance of them. It is certainly the fulfillment of this type of mentality in Gladstone metaphysical problems that led Huxley to respond when asked if Mr. Gladstone is a metaphysical experts - Experts metaphysics? He does not know the meaning of the word. "

In addition to its participation in the debates, three reports Huxley contributed to society. Summary of the arguments appear in an essay on Hume ("Collected Essays" 6201 SQ)
