In this noisome confinement Uruj
could hear above the crash of the seas and the whistling of the wind the shrieks of the hapless
slaves as the whips of their taskmasters bit through skin and flesh: the galley-slave rowed
stark naked chained to his bench. This was to be his fate, and he was well aware of the fact.

At last, after nightfall, the galley anchored under the Isle of Castel Rosso, at the entrance
of the Gulf of Satalie. It still blew hard, but, in the comparative peace of the anchorage,
sounds hitherto hidden by the war of the elements now made themselves manifest. There were
the snores of the sleepers, the clank of the leg-chains as the wretched slaves shifted their
positions in the attempt to gain an easier place on the bench, there was also the sound of
men carousing with loud laughter in the stern of the vessel; but above them all rose the hollow
groaning as of one in mortal agony. This proceeded from a slave who was quite close to Uruj.
There came a spell in the laughter and loud voices in the stern, and presently an imperious
voice spoke: "That noise disturbs me; see that it ceases at once." An obsequious answer came
from out of the prevailing darkness: "It shall cease at once, Excellency." Then came men with
lanterns, who unshackled the wretch who groaned and--flung him overboard.

The night grew worse, the wind backed, and the galley began to drag her anchors. The slaves
were roused, and the oars got ready to shift her from her dangerous position on what had now
become a lee-shore. Uruj had managed to slip his shackles, a defective bolt having given him
his liberty; for him it was now or never, and he was a bold swimmer. He had seen enough and
heard enough of Our Lady of the Conception, and, as the great oars plunged once more into the
sea, the corsair, preferring the mercy of the elements to that of the knights, slipped over
the side unobserved and swam for the shore. He reached dry land by a miracle, and from Satalie
he found his way to Egypt, where he took service as a mariner in a ship of the Soldan of Egypt
which was bound for the coast of Caramania, from which province the Egyptians, as well as the
knights, drew the timber which they required for shipbuilding. But again this neighbourhood
proved disastrous to Uruj, as the ship in which he sailed was attacked by a Christian galley,
and he once more had to save himself by swimming on shore. There was no lack of incident in
the life of a corsair of the sixteenth century.

This time he presented himself to Khorkud, the Governor of Caramania, brother to Sultan Selim,
the Grand Turk. The Governor, recognising him as an intrepid mariner, ordered the Basha of
Smyrna to furnish him with a ship fitted for that guerre de course, which he desired to pursue
against the Christians. The value of the corsair as an auxiliary was beginning to be recognised
among the high Turkish officials. For the complaisance of Khorkud there were two reasons: in
the first place, he was acting in the interests of his brother in sending to sea any really
capable man to make head against his enemies, and the fact that Uruj was a pirate pure and
simple did not weigh for a feather in the balance; in the second place, it was a decidedly
good mercantile speculation as he ordered his inferior, the Basha of Egypt, to bear the expense
of fitting out the necessary ship--which came to some 5,000 ducats--and doubtless received
a handsome percentage on all captures from his grateful protégé.
