In this prison lack Uruj could hear above the din of the seas and the wind whistled through the cries of the unfortunate little slave whipping of their oppressors through the skin and flesh, chained naked slave rowed to the bank marked. This was her fate, and he was very aware of the fact. 
Finally, after nightfall, the kitchen on the island of Castel Rosso, in the Gulf of Satalia. However blew hard, but in the relative peace of the anchors, sounds hitherto concealed by the war of the elements already evident. There were the snores of the sleepers, the sound of chains like the legs of the miserable slaves changed their positions in an attempt to get an easier place on the bench, there was the sound of men carousing with a smile on stern of the vessel, but above all rose the cry of a hole as in mortal agony. This left a slave who was very close Uruj. There was a time of laughter and voices in the stern, and now a commanding voice spoke: "The noise bothers me more than once to stop." An obsequious response came from outside the prevailing darkness: "It will at once, your Excellency." Then came the men with torches, which separate the moaning and miserable - tossed overboard. 

The night became worse, the wind changed and the kitchen began to drag their anchors. The slaves were awakened, and the oars are willing to change their dangerous position as it had become a protective barrier on the ground. Uruj had managed to slip his shackles, a defective bolt having given their freedom, as it was now or never, and he was a fearless swimmer. He had seen enough and heard enough of Our Lady of Conception, and, as the great oars once more plunged into the sea, the corsair, preferring the mercy of the elements of the knights, slipped overboard without seen and swam to shore. He came to the mainland by a miracle, and Satalia found its way to Egypt, where he took service as a seaman on a ship from the sultan of Egypt, toward the coast of Caramania, of which the province of the Egyptians and men , said they needed the wood for shipbuilding. But again this quarter was disastrous for Uruj, as the boat was attacked by a Christian galley, and once again had to save themselves by swimming ashore. There was no lack of incidents in the life of a corsair of the sixteenth century. 

This time it introduced Khorkud, the Governor of Caramania, brother of Sultan Selim, the Grand Turk. The Governor, recognizing him as an intrepid sailor, ordered the Basha of Smyrna will provide a ship ready for war, of course, wanted to go against Christians. The value of the pirate as an assistant was beginning to be recognized among the top Turkish officials. For the pleasure of Khorkud two reasons: First, that he was acting in his brother's interest in sending to sea any man able to face their enemies and the fact that it was pure Uruj pirates simply does not weigh a feather in the balance and secondly, it was definitely a good trade speculation as he ordered his inferiors, the Basha of Egypt, to cover the cost of fitting out the vessel is necessary - which totaled about 5000 ducats - and undoubtedly received a fair percentage in all catches of his protege grateful.
