In this prison foul Uruj could hear above the din of the seas and the wind whistling through the shrieks of the unfortunate as flogging slaves from their oppressors bit through the skin and flesh rowed the galley slave chained to the bare marked bank. This would be his fate, and he was very aware of the fact.

Finally, after nightfall, the kitchen on the island of Castel Rosso, into the Gulf of Satalia. Still blew hard, but in the relative peace of the anchors, sounds hitherto concealed by the war of the elements are now manifest themselves. There were the snores of the sleepers, the sound of the leg-like strings of wretched slaves changed their positions in an attempt to get an easier place on the bench, there was the sound of men carousing with a laugh in the stern of the vessel, but above all rose the wail of a hole as in mortal agony. This left a slave who was very close Uruj. There was a time in the laughter and voices in the stern, and now a commanding voice spoke: "The noise bothers me more to stop once." An obsequious response came from outside the prevailing darkness: "It will at once, Excellency." Then came the men with flashlights, which separate the moaning and miserable - tossed it overboard.

The night became worse, the wind shifted and the kitchen began to drag their anchors. The slaves were roused, and the oars are prepared to change their dangerous position as it had become a guardrail on the ground. Uruj had managed to slip his shackles, a defective bolt having given their freedom, for it was now or never, and he was a fearless swimmer. He had seen enough and heard enough of Our Lady of Conception, and, as the great oars once more plunged into the sea, the corsair, preferring the mercy of the elements of the knights, slipped overboard without being seen and swam to shore. He came to the mainland by a miracle, and Satalia found his way to Egypt, where he took service as a sailor on a ship from the sultan of Egypt, heading for the coast of Caramania, of which the province of the Egyptian and the gentlemen, said the wood which they required for shipbuilding. But again this quarter was disastrous for Uruj, as the sailing ship was attacked by a Christian galley, and once again had to save themselves by swimming ashore. There was no lack of incidents in the life of a corsair of the sixteenth century.

This time it introduced Khorkud, the Governor of Caramania, brother of Sultan Selim, the Grand Turk. The Governor, recognizing him as an intrepid sailor, ordered the Basha of Smyrna will provide a ship ready for guerre of course, he wanted to go against Christians. The value of the pirate as an assistant was beginning to be recognized among the top Turkish officials. For the pleasure of Khorkud were two reasons: first, that he was acting in the interest of his brother in sending to sea any man capable of facing his enemies, and the fact that it was a pure pirate Uruj simply did not weigh a feather in the balance, and secondly, it was a commercial speculation decidedly good as he ordered his inferiors, the Basha of Egypt, to meet the costs of fitting out the vessel is necessary - which reached about 5000 ducats - and certainly received a very handsome percentage on all catches of his protege grateful.
