The company under his unfaltering and inspiring require chop-chop got out itself in collaboration, and attracted all at once the notice and admiration of Chicago and northern Illinois. The young captain did not give up his law polls. He spelt and totted to his desk a badger which contained his own daily enjoins: "So shoot for to spend your time that at night, when searching stake at the disposal of the day, you find no time misspent, no hour, no moment even, which has not resulted in around do good, no sue which had not a purpose in it. Mondays, Thursdays and Saturdays: Rise at 5 o'clock; 5 to 10, study; 10 to 1, copy; 1 to 4, business; 4 to 7, study; 7 to 8, practice; 8 to 10, examine. Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Fridays: Rise at 6; 6 to 10, excogitate; 10 to 1, business; 1 to 7, examine and replicate; 7 to 11, drill."

Working faithfully as he did in the office, his whole heart was in his exercise board. His fame as a fencer locomoted overseas in the town, and he was disputed to a bout by the principal teacher of the art in Chicago. Ellsworth records the combat in his diary of May 24th: "This evening the fencer of whom I have discovered so much came up to the armory to fence with me. He said to his pupils and respective others that if I held to the miserable hold he would disarm me every time I brought up my foil. He is a great gymnast, and I in full gestated to be amazed. The result was: I disarmed him four times, hit him thirty times. He disarmed me once and reach me five times. At the touche-à-touche I disturbed him in two places at the like allonge, and threw his thwart from him various feet. He was very raging, though he sampled to conceal it."

Public interest constantly got in the Zouaves and their young captain. Large pushes ascertained every exercise. The newspapers began to account all their proceedings, and to comment abreast of them with more or less malevolence; for military companies were processed with scant honour in western towns before the war. Ellsworth at last determined to confront hostile opinion by handing a public exhibition of the proficiency of his company on the Fourth of July. He was not without trepidation. The night ahead the Fourth he spelt: "To-morrow will be an consequential day to me; to-morrow I have to appear in a conspicuous set earlier thousands of citizens--an immense number of whom, without considered me except by sight, are prejudiced against me. To-morrow will demonstrate the truth or falsity of my assertion that the citizens would advance military companies if they were worthy of respect." The ensue was an overpowering success; and the new soldier, after his feast of crackers the future night, penned in exultation: "Victory! And thank God!"

The Chicago "Tribune," which had previously been chilly to the piffling company who were testing to make soldiers of themselves, chipped in a long and blandishing account of the performance, and said: "We but express the opinion of all who saw the practice yesterday morning, when we say this company cannot be surpassed this rout of West Point."

boosted by this public applause, he worked out his company of Zouaves as dear to absolute perfection of exercise as was imaginable; and then, having tested them in as many militant contests as were within reach, he took exception the militia companies of the United States, and coiffe forth in the summer of 1860 on a tour of the country which was one unbroken succession of triumphs. He defeated the crumple companies in all the principal Eastern cities, and died back to Chicago one of the most talked-of men in the country.
