The company under his firm
and inspiring command rapidly pulled itself together, and attracted all at once the notice
and admiration of Chicago and northern Illinois. The young captain did not give up his law
studies. He wrote and affixed to his desk a card which contained his own daily orders: "So
aim to spend your time that at night, when looking back at the disposal of the day, you find
no time misspent, no hour, no moment even, which has not resulted in some benefit, no action
which had not a purpose in it. Mondays, Thursdays and Saturdays: Rise at 5 o'clock; 5 to 10,
study; 10 to 1, copy; 1 to 4, business; 4 to 7, study; 7 to 8, exercise; 8 to 10, study. Tuesdays,
Wednesdays, and Fridays: Rise at 6; 6 to 10, study; 10 to 1, business; 1 to 7, study and copy;
7 to 11, drill."

Working faithfully as he did in the office, his whole heart was in his drill room. His fame
as a fencer went abroad in the town, and he was challenged to a bout by the principal teacher
of the art in Chicago. Ellsworth records the combat in his diary of May 24th: "This evening
the fencer of whom I have heard so much came up to the armory to fence with me. He said to
his pupils and several others that if I held to the low guard he would disarm me every time
I raised my foil. He is a great gymnast, and I fully expected to be beaten. The result was:
I disarmed him four times, hit him thirty times. He disarmed me once and hit me five times.
At the touche-à-touche I touched him in two places at the same allonge, and threw his foil
from him several feet. He was very angry, though he tried to conceal it."

Public interest constantly grew in the Zouaves and their young captain. Large crowds attended
every drill. The newspapers began to report all their proceedings, and to comment upon them
with more or less malevolence; for military companies were treated with scant respect in Western
towns before the war. Ellsworth at last determined to confront hostile opinion by giving a
public exhibition of the proficiency of his company on the Fourth of July. He was not without
trepidation. The night before the Fourth he wrote: "To-morrow will be an eventful day to me;
to-morrow I have to appear in a conspicuous position before thousands of citizens--an immense
number of whom, without knowing me except by sight, are prejudiced against me. To-morrow will
demonstrate the truth or falsity of my assertion that the citizens would encourage military
companies if they were worthy of respect." The result was an overwhelming success; and the
young soldier, after his feast of crackers the next night, wrote in exultation: "Victory! And
thank God!"

The Chicago "Tribune," which had previously been unfriendly to the little company who were
trying to make soldiers of themselves, gave a long and flattering account of the performance,
and said: "We but express the opinion of all who saw the drill yesterday morning, when we say
this company cannot be surpassed this side of West Point."

Encouraged by this public applause, he brought his company of Zouaves as near to absolute perfection
of drill as was possible; and then, having tested them in as many competitive contests as were
within reach, he challenged the militia companies of the United States, and set forth in the
summer of 1860 on a tour of the country which was one unbroken succession of triumphs. He defeated
the crack companies in all the principal Eastern cities, and went back to Chicago one of the
most talked-of men in the country.
