THE MIRROR OF LITERATURE, AMUSEMENT, AND INSTRUCTION.

VOL. 12, No. 326.] SATURDAY, AUGUST 9, 1828. [PRICE 2d.

       *       *       *       *       *

REGENT BRIDGE, EDINBURGH.

Edinburgh, "the Queen of the North," abounds in splendid specimens of classical architecture.
Since the year 1769, when the building of the New Town commenced, its improvement has been
prosecuted with extraordinary zeal; consequently, the city has not only been extended on all
sides, but has received the addition of some magnificent public edifices, while the access
to it from every quarter has been greatly facilitated and embellished. Of the last-mentioned
improvement our engraving is a mere vignette, but it deserves to rank among the most superb
of those additions.

The inconvenience of the access to Edinburgh by the great London road was long a subject of
general regret. In entering the city from this quarter, the road lay through narrow and inconvenient
streets, forming an approach no way suited to the general elegance of the place. In 1814, however,
a magnificent entrance was commenced across the Calton Hill, between which and Prince's street
a deep ravine intervened, which was formerly occupied with old and ill-built streets. In order
to connect the hill with Prince's-street, all these have been swept away, and an elegant arch,
called Regent Bridge, has been thrown over the hollow, which makes the descent from the hill
into this street easy and agreeable. Thus, in place of being carried, as formerly, through
long and narrow streets, the great road from the east into Edinburgh sweeps along the side
of the steep and singular elevation of the Calton Hill; whence the traveller has first a view
of the Old Town, with its elevated buildings crowning the summit of the adjacent ridges, and
rising upon the eye in imposing masses; and, afterwards, of the New Town finely contrasted
with the Old, in the regularity and elegance of its general outline.

Regent Bridge was begun in 1816, and finished in 1819. The arch is semicircular, and fifty
feet wide. At the north front it is forty-five feet in height, and at the south front sixty-four
feet two inches, the difference being occasioned by the ground declining to the south. The
roadway is formed by a number of reverse arches on each side. The great arch is ornamented
on the south and north by two open arches, supported by elegant columns of the Corinthian order.
The whole property purchased to open the communication to the city by this bridge cost 52,000l,
and the building areas sold for the immense sum of 35,000l. The street along the bridge is
called Waterloo-place, as it was founded in the year on which that memorable battle was fought.

The engraving[1] is an interesting picture of classic beauty; and as the "approaches" and proposed
"dry arches" to the New London Bridge are now becoming matters of speculative interest, we
hope this entrance to our metropolis will ultimately present a similar display of architectural
elegance. LONDON, with all her opulence, ought not to yield in comparison with any city in
the world; and it is high time that the march of taste be quickened in this quarter.

    [1] from an exquisite lithograph by J. Goldicutt.

       *       *       *       *       *

ON THE DEATH OF CARL MARIA VON WEBER.

  Weep, for the word is spoken--
    Mourn, for the knell hath knoll'd--
  The master chord is broken,
    And the master's hand is cold!
