HE MIRROR OF LITERATURE, AMUSEMENT, AND INSTRUCTION. 
VOL. 12, No. 326.] SATURDAY, AUGUST 9, 1828. [PRICE 2d. 

  
       In the late 1769,commencement of New town in Edinburgh took place,which is known as "the queen of north" due to its antique specimens of classical architechture.According to literature,the city got its new looks by making it extend from all sides and receiving public edifices providing good facilities to access the city from every corner.The extraordinary zeal city deserve ranking among all additions.

Pitfall of connecting Edinburgh by great london road was regreted,as it makes passengers to go through narrow and inconvenient streets,which degrades the general elegance of the city.later in the year 1814,the old and ill build streets was substituted by commencing roads across the Calton Hill, between which and Prince's street a deep ravine intervened.Easy navigation from the hill into the street got possible by construction of Regent Bridge.providing singular elevation of the Calton Hill;Road from the east into Edinburgh moves along the side of the steep.It makes the visitors,view the Old Town,with its elevated buildings crowning the summit of the adjacent ridges and now the new town makes them more attracting by its improved elegance.


The construction of Regent Bridge started in the year 1816 and continued for 3 years.Design in such a way that:it should be 50 feet high in whole and in semicircular in shape;measurement from north front is 45 feet in height and from south front it is 64 feet and 2 inches,mounting toward the south.construction of roadways by reverse archs is done on each side. The great arch is ornamented on the south and north by two open arches, supported by elegant columns of the Corinthian order.the total cost fixed for the open property communacating to the city was 52,000 and for building area it was 35000.The street was named as Waterloo-place,was founded in same year battle was fought. 

like wise the engraving is an interesting picture of classic beauty;and proposed "dry arches" to the New London Bridge provides the visitors  speculative interest, let this new approach makes our metropolis give a similar display of architectural elegance.Thus the city LONDON,with its opulence, ought not to stand back in comparison with any city in the world.hoping for it.

ON THE DEATH OF CARL MARIA VON WEBER. 

cry for his death,as the master chord is broken when his hands get cold.
