Have you ever been to Brighton? There it 's t' other way.' 
Not long after he had mentioned that the time of the early evening for their entry into his port of Harwich,the coach turned quietly over a bank of the roadside, depositing outside the passengers quite safely, in matter-of- course a way, that only the screams of an uninjured lady inside repressed their roars of laughter. One of the wheels had come loose, half a mile off the nearest town. Their entry into the Harwich was thereby delayed until half-past nine at night. Full of consideration for the new mates, now fast wedded to his heart by an accident. Matthew Shale proposed to Matthew Weyburn, instead of the bother of crossing the ferry with a portmanteau and a bag at that late hour, to sup at his house, try the neighbouring in, for a short sleep, and ship on board his yawl, the honest Susan, to be rowed a shore off the Swin to Felixstowe sands not later than six o'clock of a summer's morning, in time for a bath and swim before breakfast. It sounded well-it sounded sweetly. Weyburn suggested that the counter proposal of the supper for three at the inn. But the other Matthew said: 'I have married a cook. She expects a big appetite, and she always keeps warm evertime when I 'm held away, no matter how late. Sure to be enough. 

Beds were secured at the inn; after which came the introduction to Mrs. Shale, exhibition of Susan Shale's bar of amber, dish of fresh- fried whiting, steak pudding, a grog, tobacco, rest at the inn, and rousing bang at the sleepers' doors when the unwonted supper in them withheld an answer to the intimating knock. Young Matthew Shale, who had slept on board the Susan, conducted them to her boat. His glance was much drawn to the very white duck trousers Weyburn had put on, for a souvenir of the approbation they had won at Marlow. They were on, and so it was of no use for young Matthew to say that they were likely to bear away a token from Susan. She was one among the damsels of colour, free of her tokens andespecially to the spotless. 

How it occurred, nobody saw; though everybody saw how naturally it must occur for the white ducks to 'have it in the eye' by the time they had been on board a quarter of an hour. Weyburn got some fun out of them, for a counterbalance to a twitch of sentimental regret scarcely decipherable, as that the last view of him should bear a likeness of Browny's recollection of her first. 

A glorious morning of flushed open sky and sun on sea chased all the small thoughts out of it. The breeze was coming from the west, and the Susan, lightly laden, took the heave of smooth rollers with a flowing current-curtsey in the motion of her speed. Fore-sail and afterwards were at their gentle strain; her shadow rippled fragmentarily along to the silver rivulet and boat of her wake. Straightly, she flew to the ball of fire, now at spring above the waters and raining red gold on the line of her bows. By the  comparison she was an ugly yawl and as the creature of wind and wave beautiful. 

They passed an English defensive fort, spared its walls, in obedience to Matthew Shale's good counsel that they should forebear from sneezing. Little Collett pointed to the roof of his mother's house twenty paces rearward of a belt of tamarisks, green amid the hollowed yellows of shorebanks yet in shade, crumbling to the sands. Weyburn was attracted by a diminutive white tent of sentry-box shape, evidently a bather's, quite as evidently a fair bather's. He would have to walk on some way for his dip.
