The associated tonnage at French ports during this time only 16,988 tons, or 0.009 percent, were lost through enemy action, and the tonnage escorted out of French ports only 27,858, or 0.013 percent, were lost in the same way. During the same period, July and August this year, 259,604 American troops in France was accompanied by United States vessels to follow without losing one man through enemy action. Features in the preceding paragraph refer to the United States naval forces operating in the war zone from French ports.

During the same time - in July and August - British destroyers based at ports supplied 75 percent of follow-up to 318 ships, totaling 2,752,908 tonnes, and including the monitoring of vessels carrying 137,283 troops the United States. Destroyers in the task have been at sea an average of 67 percent of the time, and are in process for a period of about 16,000 hours, steaming over a total of 260,000 miles. There were no losses due to enemy action.

The story of convoy operations in which our naval forces have taken part, because of which we have been able so successfully to transport such a large number of our military forces abroad, and so many supplies for the army, is a chapter in itself. This is probably our biggest operation in this war, and will remain in the future as a monument to both the army and navy forces as the greatest and most difficult transportation effort that has ever been conducted in the sea .

(Secretary says the convoy system was "suggested by President Wilson." He continues:)

The entire force under command of Rear-Admiral Albert Gleaves, skills and resources which have been tested and established in this great service in cooperation with destroyer flotilla operating abroad, has developed an anti-submarine and convoy tracking system which results have exceeded even the most sanguine expectations.

Troops conducted overseas

American and British ships carried out more than two million troops overseas. The United States does not possess enough ships to carry on our troops as soon as they were ready to sail or as soon as they were needed in France. Great Britain furnished under contract with the Department of War, many ships and transported safely more U.S. troops, the numbers have increased greatly in the spring and summer. A few bodies have been transferred from other allied ships. The actual number transported in British ships was more than a million.

Until November 1, 1918, the total number of United States troops in Europe, over 924,578 made to United States naval convoys under escort of cruisers and destroyers of the United States. As of November 1, 1917, there were 289 sailings from the ports of American shipping. In these operations, the cruiser and transport force of the Atlantic Fleet eastbound U.S. did not transport or damaged has been torpedoed by the enemy and only three were sunk on the return flight.

Our destroyers and patrol boats, in addition to convoy duty, have continued an offensive war against submarines. Despite all this, our naval losses have been gratifyingly small. Just three American troopships - Antilles, President Lincoln, and Covington - were absorbed into the return flight.

OTHER POINTS summarized

Secretary Daniels achievement data many other ships and personnel, including service overseas shipping.
