"The women of England," of Polydore Virgil says, "not only pay tribute to their relationship with a kiss, but all men promiscuously, and this ceremony they repeat, gently hold them to their lips, not only in grace, but not the least roughness. This, however, as the blood-royal was not kissing their inferiors, but offer the back of the hand, as men do, the way of saluting each one. "

Erasmus too - the grave, the cold Erasmus, melts with love and playful thought, when he thinks of kisses - "Did you but know, my Faustus," he writes in one of his friends, "the pleasures which affords England, would you have wings to fly here on foot, and your gout not allow you, would you ask yourself a Daedalus. To mention to you one of many things, here are nymphs of the loveliest appearance, good head, and who would you even in your favorite muses. Here also prevails a custom not enough to be commended, where you arrive, each receive a kiss, and when you take your leave, each giving you a kiss, when you get back to you, kisses you meet again. If any leaves they can give you a kiss, if you meet any one, was the first greetings a kiss, in short, anywhere you go, where each kisses abound, which, my Faustus, did you ever taste how sweet and how very very fragrant they are, do not want, such as Solon, wishing for ten years exile in England, but would desire to spend it all your life. "

Oh what miracle will make a kiss! Philosophers, stoics, hermits, and became misers people in the world, taste, and generosity of, idiots are educated, and, the truth is, smart people idiots - Warriors have been cowards, and cowards brave - became statesmen poets, political economists and human reason. Oh, wonderful art, which can produce such different effects? you, the magic power of steam seems humdrum and tedious; wizard might break his hand in despair, and the king of his power the king, for thou canst effect in a moment what might they have Making pride years to accomplish. The poet might well celebrate your praises in words that breathe and thoughts that burn, the choir could also fire in sudden inspiration and strike the lute with rapture when he thinks of you, also be the usual times brave knight Each risk when you wert its bright reward; Vortigern may as well resign his kingdom, or Mark Antony in the world, when you are tempted. Long, long may England was praised for his dominance of this sacred custom! Long may British women are known as for the fragrance of their kisses, as they have ever, and ever will be for their accomplishments and their beauty.

CHILDE WILFUL.

* * * * *

NOTES of a reader.

* * * * *

"Companion Sat theaters."

An inveterate play-member announces a small manual under the title, for publication within a few days. Such a work, if executed well, is very acceptable to the novice and visitors, as well as attractive to general readers. The outline or plan looks good, and next week we can possibly give our readers some idea of implementing it.

* * * * *

Voyage to India.

The majority of our society board is reputable, and some of its members are men of education and talents. But no woman in the party, it is composed of common materials found in the table caddy, an outward bound Indiaman.
