
"The women of England," says Polydore Virgil, "not only salute their relations with a kiss,
but all persons promiscuously; and this ceremony they repeat, gently touching them with their
lips, not only with grace, but without the least immodesty. Such, however, as are of the blood-royal
do not kiss their inferiors, but offer the back of the hand, as men do, by way of saluting
each other."

Erasmus too--the grave, the phlegmatic Erasmus, melts into love and playful thoughts, when
he thinks of kisses--"Did you but know, my Faustus," he writes to one of his friends, "the
pleasures which England affords, you would fly here on winged feet, and if your gout would
not allow you, you would wish yourself a Dædalus. To mention to you one among many things,
here are nymphs of the loveliest looks, good humoured, and whom you would prefer even to your
favourite Muses. Here also prevails a custom never enough to be commended, that wherever you
come, every one receives you with a kiss, and when you take your leave, every one gives you
a kiss; when you return, kisses again meet you. If any one leaves you they give you a kiss;
if you meet any one, the first salutation is a kiss; in short, wherever you go, kisses every
where abound; which, my Faustus, did you once taste how very sweet and how very fragrant they
are, you would not, like Solon, wish for ten years exile in England, but would desire to spend
there the whole of your life."

Oh what miracles have been wrought by a kiss! Philosophers, stoics, hermits, and misers have
become men of the world, of taste, and of generosity; idiots have become wise; and, truth to
tell, wise men idiots--warriors have turned cowards and cowards brave--statesmen have become
poets, and political economists sensible men. Oh, wonderful art, which can produce such strange
effects! to thee, the magic powers of steam seem commonplace and tedious; the wizard may break
his rod in despair, and the king his sceptre, for thou canst effect in a moment what they may
vainly labour years to accomplish. Well may the poet celebrate thy praises in words that breathe
and thoughts that burn; well may the minstrel fire with sudden inspiration and strike the lute
with rapture when he thinks of thee; well might the knight of bygone times brave every danger
when thou wert his bright reward; well might Vortigern resign his kingdom, or Mark Antony the
world, when it was thee that tempted. Long, long, may England be praised for her prevalence
of this divine custom! Long may British women be as celebrated for the fragrance of their kisses,
as they ever were, and ever will be for their virtue and their beauty.

CHILDE WILFUL.

       *       *       *       *       *

NOTES OF A READER.

       *       *       *       *       *

"COMPANION TO THE THEATRES."

An inveterate play-goer announces a little manual under this title, for publication in a few
days. Such a work, if well executed, will be very acceptable to the amateur and visitor, as
well as attractive to the general reader. The outline or plan looks well, and next week we
may probably give our readers some idea of its execution.

       *       *       *       *       *

VOYAGE TO INDIA.

The generality of our society on board was respectable, and some of its members were men of
education and talent. Excepting that there was no lady of the party, it was composed of the
usual materials to be found at the cuddy-table of an outward bound Indiaman.
