Once again our thoughts and actions are severely altered by the soldier with us, that suddenly burst on the floor face down. Before I had time to wonder why a German shell made a hole in the area in question, not a hundred yards away. I asked the officer if we had seen, and if they were shooting at us. He said he did not believe it, but maybe we had better move. As a matter of fact, they were hunting for the battery that had so clearly demonstrated their trenches a short time before. 

Instead of returning to the point where we had left our motors of the ditch, crossed an open field in another direction that I thought was right. All the time we have heard high overhead, the sound of the earth like giant wings. Sometimes, when a projectile hit the neighborhood, heard the shrill whistling sound, and half a dozen times during the walk great holes were torn in our field, sometimes very closely. But the artillery does not cause fear easily, guns that do that. The shrill whistle of the bullet that closely resembles the sound of a cat spitting seems so personal - as if designed just for you. 

The artillery is totally impersonal, you know that the gunners can not see you, they are shooting for arithmetic in a certain range, your deposit is not directed at anyone in particular. Then you go on strike on its hands with his stick in the daisies and buttercups that the border road. You figure, almost casually, the distance between you and the bomb explodes. Somehow I feel that nothing will harm you. They have no fear, and if you're lucky, like us, the car is waiting right there beyond the top of the hill. 

The Modern Platea 

By Frederick Pollock 

[From King Albert's book.] 

Nearly 2,400 years ago Boeotian city of Plataea was a minor between the republics many Greeks. Its citizens won immortal fame by joining with the leading states of Athens and Sparta in the decisive battles, fought in their own territory, which delivered Greece from the Persian conquest of fear and saved the light of freedom and the Greek civilization be extinct. Today the name of Platea is held in honor of the whole world for many years that the honor was unique. Belgium has done and dared for the freedom of modern Europe as much as Plataea was old: she has, unfortunately, suffered much more. As its value has been equal and suffering greater your reward will be no less immortal. Belgium will be remembered centuries after the military dictatorship Platea Hohenzollern has vanished like a bad dream. 

A call for British recruits 

* * * * * 

Is your conscience clear? 

Ask your conscience for what you are staying comfortably at home instead of doing his part for king and country. 

1. Are you too old? 

The only man who is too old is the man who has more than 38. 

2. Are you physically fit? 

The only man who can honestly say that is not in good physical shape is the man who has been told by a doctor. 

3. Do you suggest that they can not leave your business? 

In this great crisis the only man who can not leave his business is the man who is actually doing the work for the government. 

If your conscience is not clear on these points that his duty is clear. 

Get a daily basis. 

God save the King. 

* * * * * 

This announcement, which occupy entire pages have been executed recently in the British press.
