The old hero's has sent to the public meeting in Portland the message which celebrated his ninety-third birthday that the purpose of his life work will be fully accomplished and my hoped  the obstacles which now obstructed will not long block the way. The reverses saddened  Neal Dow, who will be always memorable as one of the truest, bravest and purest philanthropists of the nineteenth century.

The National Temperance Society and Publication House is the most important organization for the promotion of temperance in our country, was founded in 1865. Its constitution was prepared by me,thethe committee which organized it met in the counting room of that eminent Christian merchant, the late Hon. William E. Dodge.William E. Dodge, the Shaftesbury of America, was introduced to the Earl of Shaftesbury at a Lord Mayor's reception in London. To this day he is remembered as an ideal Christian merchant and philanthropist. With him conscience ruled everything, which was ruled by God.  He was one of the founders of a great railway and cut the first sod for its construction. The Board of Directors of the road proposed to drive their trains and traffic through the Lord's day. Mr. Dodge said to his fellow directors by resigning from the Board that  God's law for a dividend is broken.He went out, and disposed of his stock, the stock sank to thirty cents on the dollar within a few years the road went into the hands of a receiver.

General Dix and his military staff gave Mr. Dodge a complimentary dinner at Fortress Monroe, during the Civil War, General Dix hitted on the table and said to his brother officers: "Gentlemen, you are aware that our honored guest is a water-drinker. I propose that to-day we join him in his favorite beverage."  Every wine-glass was turned upside down as a silent tribute to the Christian conscience of their guest. When the whole Christian community of America shall imitate the wise example of that great philanthropist  a tremendous influence for avoiding of all intoxicants from the public and private hospitalities of society. Mr. Dodge was elected the first president of the National Temperance Society, and served it for eighteen years. He closed his useful and beneficent life in February, 1883, and he was succeeded in the presidency of the Society by Dr. Mark Hopkins of Williams College, by the writer of this book, by General O.O. Howard and by Joshua L. Bailey, who is at present the head of the organization. The society has done a benevolent work by receiving and spending a million and a half dollars, with publishing  and widely circulated tracts.

The limits of this chapter will not allow  to pay tribute to the venerable Dr. Charles Jewett, Dr. Cheever, Albert Barnes, Dr. Tyng and the great Christian statesman, Theodore Frelinghuysen, Miss Frances Willard, Lady Henry Somerset, Joseph Cook and many others who have been prominent in the promotion of this great Christian reform. I have prepared thirty or forty tracts, written a great number of articles and delivered hundreds of addresses in behalf of it, and preached many a discourse from my own pulpit.
