A sudden  ray of sunshine danced across the floor of the room, before which it grew brighter and stronger   until of and electrified its occupants in the midst of their work.

The sun! in chorus cried altogether, and rushed to the door to see if the omen be true. The ground was soaking with moisture,the freshness and sweetness and merriness of earthiness of the scent  was felt. Nan cried, opening her mouth wide to to deep breath.
Agatha gasped in ecstasy.

Christabelcried  elegantly, Do my eyes deceive me and actually stopped raining and Jim expressed victory on the doorstep.

The sun is coming out, clouds have rolled away, will be beaming, and  have such a day as you have not had for weeks past. If you had only listened to me, you would have been spared all your misery.

Nothing of the kind done by you did . You told on my arrival that it looked `bad, and that it was going to be a brute of a day, interrupted Kitty severely. Jim affected a convenient deafness.

All hands to the pumps, I'll set James to work to mow the lawn, and by the time it is cut and swept and the sun has shone on it for a couple of hours it will be as dry. The  paths will be swept , put few planks across the water stagnation,  will be as right as a trivet. Put on thick boots, and set to work to undo all you have done this morning. There is no time to lose.

Willing hands made light work, it is difficult to find happy band of workers. Clad in a short bicycling skirt  Nan was wandering of the house,with snow-shoes covering her slippers. Jim's cap stuck on the back of her head, was a sight funny enough to have cheered the most melancholy of patients. She  danced of triumph before her completed stall, her sisters held their hands to their sides in convulsions of laughter. A lazy musical joined in with theirs laugh, a deeper laugh, which could only have come from one person, Nan, hearing it, turned round prepared to see Gervase Vanburgh standing before her.  But, holding out her skirt on either side, to display the huge cloth boots to the fullest advantage, she dropped him a curtsy told, "Pleased to see you, sir! I hope you admire me!"

"I do!" said Gervase in his softly; and there was an accent of sincerity in his voice which brought Jim's eyes upon him in curious scrutiny.He had heard so much of heir of the Mr Vanburgh,  a word from Lilias introduced to him eyed him narrowly and  formed his conclusion. Fine face of good expression.I have to admit him a decent fellow, if the nonsense were knocked out of him. Uncommonly pleased to see Nan, too. This must be looked into. Then he was obliged to laugh again at the downright fashion in which his sister demanded the reason of the stranger's sudden appearance.

Gervase raised his hand deprecatingly "What have I come for?". To find whether I could be of any use. My uncle was anxious to know if he could lend anything in the way of tents or bunting or if you would like one of his gardeners to come across and help your man.
