Brighter and brighter it grew,
stronger and stronger, until of a sudden a ray of sunshine danced across the floor of the room,
and electrified its occupants in the midst of their work.

"What's that?  What's that?  The sun!  The sun!" cried every one in chorus, and a stampede
was made to the door to see if the good omen could possibly be true.  The ground was soaking
with moisture, but oh, the freshness, the sweetness, the delightful earthiness of the scent
which greeted their nostrils!

"Mff!" cried Nan, opening her mouth wide to draw in deep breaths.

"Ouf!" gasped Agatha rapturously.

"Do my eyes deceive me?  Has it actually stopped raining?" cried Christabel elegantly; and
Jim executed a jig of triumph on the doorstep.

"It has stopped indeed!  The clouds have rolled away, the sun is coming out; in another hour
it will be beaming, and you will have such a day as you have not had for weeks past.  I told
you so!  If you had only listened to me, you would have been spared all your misery.  I told
you so--"

"Excuse me!  You did nothing of the kind.  You remarked to me on my arrival that it looked
`Jolly bad, and that it was going to be a brute of a day,'" interrupted Kitty severely; but
Jim affected a convenient deafness.

"Now then," he cried, "all hands to the pumps!  I'll set James to work to mow the lawn, and
by the time it is cut and swept and the sun has shone on it for a couple of hours it will be
as dry as tinder.  We'll have the paths swept too, and put a few planks across where the water
has settled, and all will be as right as a trivet.  Put on thick boots, and set to work to
undo all you have done this morning.  There is no time to lose!"

There was not, indeed; but willing hands made light work, and a more cheery band of workers
it would have been difficult to find.  To see Nan rushing in and out of the house, clad in
a short bicycling skirt, with snow-shoes covering her slippers, and Jim's cap stuck on the
back of her head, was a sight funny enough to have cheered the most melancholy of patients;
but when she executed a dance of triumph before her completed stall, her sisters held their
hands to their sides in convulsions of laughter.  A deeper laugh joined in with theirs, a lazy
musical laugh, which could only have come from one person; and Nan, hearing it, wheeled round
fully prepared to see Gervase Vanburgh standing before her.  Not one whit disconcerted did
she appear at the sight; but, holding out her skirt on either side, so as to display the huge
cloth boots to the fullest advantage, she dropped him a curtsey and cried, "Pleased to see
you, sir!  I hope you admire me!"

"I do!" said Gervase in his soft drawl; and there was an accent of sincerity in his voice which
brought Jim's eyes upon him in curious scrutiny.  A word from Lilias had introduced him to
this heir of the Mr Vanburgh of whom he had heard so much, and now he eyed him narrowly, forming
his own swift conclusion.

"Dandified!  Affected!  Fine face, though; good expression!  Decent fellow, I should say, if
the nonsense were knocked out of him. Uncommonly pleased to see Nan, too.  This must be looked
into!"  Then he was obliged to laugh again at the downright fashion in which his sister demanded
the reason of the stranger's sudden appearance.

"What have I come for?"  Gervase raised his hand deprecatingly.  "To see if I could be of any
use, of course.  My uncle was anxious to know if he could lend anything in the way of tents
or bunting, or if you would like one of his gardeners to come across and help your man.
