
The revolutions of society are almost as sure if not as regular as those of the planets. The
inventions of a generation weary after a while, but they are very likely to be revived if they
have once ministered successfully to pleasure or ambition. The famous coteries in which learning
was inter-blended with fashion in the golden age of French intelligence, are being revived
under the new Republic, and women are again quietly playing with institutions and liberties,
perhaps as dangerously as when Mesdames de Tencin, Pompadour, Geoffrin, Deffant, Poplinière
and L'Espinasse assembled the destinies nightly in their drawing rooms.

The tendency to such associations is displayed also in most of our own cities. The Town and
Country Club of Boston, the Wistar Parties in Philadelphia, the Literary Club in Charleston,
the recent converzaziones at the houses of President Charles King of Columbia College, and
others, and the well-known Saturday Evenings at Miss Lynch's, where literature and art and
general speculation have for some seasons had a common center, all illustrate the disposition
of an active and cultivated society, not engrossed by special or spasmodic excitements, to
cluster by rules of feeling and capacity: and clusters of passion and mind are rarely for a
long period inert. When they become common they are apt to assume the direction of private
custom and public opinion and affairs.

In view of these things, we are sure that the readers of the International will be interested
in the following translation of Professor Schlosser's brilliant survey of those bureaux d'esprit
which so much distinguished society and influenced its history in Europe, from the beginning
to the middle of the last century. Schlosser is a Privy Councillor and Professor of History
in the University of Heidelberg. He is chiefly known in continental Europe by his great work,
the History of the Eighteenth Century, and of the Nineteenth till the overthrow of the French
Empire, a work which derives its value not merely from the profound and minute acquaintance
of the author with the subject, from the new views which are presented and the hitherto unexamined
sources from which much has been derived, but from his well-known independence of character--from
the general conclusions which he draws from the comparative views of the resources, conduct,
manners, institutions and literature of the great European nations, during a period unparalleled
in the history of the world for the development of the physical and mental powers of mankind,
for the greatness of the events which occurred, for the progress of knowledge, for the cultivation
of the arts and sciences, for all that contributes to the greatness and prosperity of nations.

       *       *       *       *       *

If we venture to bring the Parisian evening, dinner and supper parties into connection with
the general history of Europe, and the ladies also at whose houses these parties took place,
we can neither be blamed for scrupulous severity, nor for paradoxical frivolity. It belongs
to the character of the eighteenth century, that the historian who wishes to bring the true
springs of conduct and sources of action to light, must condescend even so far. It must also
be borne in mind, when the clever women and societies of Paris are spoken of, that the demands
of the age and progressive improvement and culture were altogether unattended to at the court
of Louis XV., as well before as after the death of Cardinal Fleury, and that all which was
neglected at Versailles was cultivated in Paris.
