The revolutions of society are almost as safe if not as regular as those of the planets. The inventions of a generation tired after a while, but it is very probable that if once ministered successfully revived for pleasure or ambition. The famous cliques that learning is a blend of fashion in the golden age of French intelligence, are being revived in the new Republic, and women are playing quietly with the institutions and freedoms, perhaps as dangerous as when the ladies Tencin, Pompadour, Geoffrin Deffant, L'Espinasse Popliniere and destinations together every night in their classrooms. 

The tendency to this type of partnership is also shown in most of our own cities. The Town and Country Club of Boston, Wistar Parties Philadelphia, Literary Club in Charleston, converzaziones houses recently by President Charles King of Columbia University, and others, and Saturday night, very famous Miss Lynch, where literature and art in general and speculation, some stations have a common center, these are examples of the disposition of assets and cultivated, will enjoy no special emotions or spasmodic, the group according to the rules and the ability to feel and groups of passion and mind are rarely over a long period of time inert. When they become common tend to assume the leadership of the private habits and public opinion and issues. 

In view of these things, we are confident that readers will be interested in the International the following translation of the teacher survey Schlosser brilliant esprit d'offices and influenced society in the distinguished history of Europe from the beginning to mid-century past. Schlosser is a private counselor and professor of history at the University of Heidelberg. He is best known in continental Europe for his great work, Historia del siglo XVIII, XIX and until the fall of the French Empire, a work that derives its value not only deep and thorough knowledge of the author with the subject, from new points view are presented and discussed so far, the sources from which so much has been derived, but since independence known character - from the general conclusions based on comparative views of resources, behavior, customs, institutions and literature of the major European nations, for a period unprecedented in world history for the development of physical and mental faculties of mankind, for the greatness of the facts, for the advancement of knowledge to the cultivation of the arts and science, for all that contributes to greatness and prosperity of nations. 

* * * * * 

If we dare to make the Parisian night, dinner and gala dinners in connection with the general history of Europe, and the ladies whose houses were also carried out these parts can not be blamed for the severity scrupulous, or paradox frivolity. Property belonging to the eighteenth century, the historian who wishes to point out the true causes of behavior and the sources of light action, should condescend so far. Should also be taken into account, where intelligent women and societies of Paris is talk that the age requirements and the gradual improvement and culture were completely forgotten in the court of Louis XV., Both before and after death Cardinal Fleury, and all forgotten that was grown in Versailles, Paris.
