Everything necessary was to be found there,--large
brass bedsteads with snowy coverings, all the modern contrivances for the toilet, chests of
drawers, each surmounted by a bright looking-glass; even a number of tiny and curious gimcracks
ornamented the narrow mantelpiece; but to a French eye the absence of curtains to the bed,
and the unconcealed display of washing utensils, suggested a cabinet de toilette rather than
a bedroom. This simplicity has now become quite fashionable among wealthy French people, on
account of its healthiness: the fresh air playing more freely and remaining purer than in rooms
crowded with stuffed seats, and darkened by elaborate upholstery.

On the upper story were four other rooms, used as laboratory, store-room, and servants' rooms;
whilst on the ground-floor we had a scullery, a large kitchen, a laundry,--that I used afterwards
as a private kitchen, when my husband provided it with a set of French brass pans and a charcoal
range,--a spare room, which was turned into a nursery by and by, and lastly, a repository for
my husband's not inconsiderable paraphernalia.

The first days after our arrival were devoted to sailing or rowing on the lake, to acquaint
me with its topography; soon, however, we made rules to lose no time, for we had both plenty
of work before us.

My husband, at that time, knew French pretty well; he could express everything he wished to
say, and understood even the nuances of the language, but his accent betrayed him at once as
an Englishman, and there lingered in his speech a certain hesitation about the choice of words
most appropriate to his meaning. As for me, my English had remained that of a school-girl,
and my husband offered me his congratulations on my extremely limited knowledge, for this reason--that
I should have little to unlearn. We agreed, to begin with, that one of us ought to know the
other's language thoroughly, so as to establish a perfect understanding, and as he was so much
more advanced in French than I in English, it was decided that for a time he should become
my pupil, and that our conversations should be in my mother-tongue.

On my part I devoted two hours a day to the study of English grammar, and to the writing of
exercises, themes, and versions. This task was fulfilled during my husband's absence, or whilst
he was engaged with his correspondence; and in the afternoon I used to read English aloud to
him, while he drew or painted either at home or out of doors. It was his own scheme of tuition,
and proved most satisfactory, but required in the teacher--particularly at the beginning--an
ever-ready attention to correct the pronunciation of almost every word, and to give the translation
of it, together with a great store of patience to bear with the constantly recurring errors;
for not to mar my interest in the works he gave me to read, I was exempted from the slow process
of the dictionary. He was himself the best of dictionaries--explaining the differences of meaning,
giving the life and spirit of each term, and always impressing this truth, that rarely does
the same expression convey exactly the same idea in two languages. He frequently failed to
give word for word, because he would not give an approximate translation; but he was always
ready with a detailed explanation, and so taught me to enter into the peculiar genius of the
language; so that if I did not become a good translator, I learned early to think and to feel
in sympathy with the authors I was studying.

If the weather allowed it, Gilbert generally took me out on the lake, and according to the
prevailing wind, chose some particular spot for a study.
