Everything needed was there - big brass bed covered with snow, all the tricks modern bath, comfortable, each topped by a bright mirror, even a small amount of trinkets and curious ornamented the mantelpiece close but the French view the absence of curtains to the bed, and the display of washing utensils undeniable, proposed a toilet instead of a bedroom. This simplicity has become very fashionable among the rich of the French, because of its healthy appearance: outdoors playing with more freedom and more pure than in other rooms filled with plush seats, upholstery and dark for more details.

On the top floor were four other rooms, used as a laboratory room, pantry and servants, while on the ground floor which had a sink, a kitchen, a laundry, - that I later used as a private kitchen, when my husband has provided a series of French brass pots and a number of coal - a spare room, which became a nursery and finally, a repository for my husband is not negligible paraphernalia.

The first few days after our arrival were spent sailing or rowing on the lake, to get familiar with its topography, soon, however, we made the rules to save time, because there was so much work ahead.

My husband, at the time, knew French, could express all he meant, and understood to the nuances of the language, but his accent betrayed him at once as an Englishman, and stood there in his speech some hesitation about choosing the most appropriate words to their meaning. As for me, my English had remained that of a schoolgirl, and my husband offered me his congratulations on my limited knowledge, for this reason - they should have little to unlearn. We agreed to begin one of us must know the language of another fund in order to establish a perfect understanding, and being much more advanced in French than in English, it was decided that for once must be my disciple, and that our discussions should be in my native language.

For my part, I spent two hours a day to study English grammar and writing exercises, themes and versions. This task was accomplished during my husband's absence, or while busy with his correspondence, and in the afternoon I used to read aloud to English, while he or painted on the house or outdoors. It was his own scheme of registration, and proved more satisfactory, but it takes on the master - especially at the beginning - an attention always ready to correct the pronunciation of almost every word, and proceed with the translation thereof, together with a large store of patience to bear with the errors occur repeatedly, not to spoil my interest in the works that gave me to read, I was exempted from the slow process of the dictionary. He himself was the best of dictionaries - explain the differences in meaning, giving life and spirit of each quarter, and this truth always impressive, rarely exactly the same expression to convey the same idea in two languages. Often did not word for word, because it would give a rough translation, but he was always ready with a detailed explanation, so that taught me to get into the genius of the language, so if you did not become a good translator I learned early to think and feel in sympathy with the authors studied.

If time allows, in general, Gilbert took me out on the lake, and according to the prevailing wind, chose a particular place for a study.
"Do not you ask your name When I enter?"

"Yes, ma'am, but he said that advertise. "When the footman had withdrawn himself, Mrs. Haughton said plaintively:" I've been guilty Colonel, the, I see it. But Lionel will tell you how I got a study Knight - The Knight That Almost stepped over me, Lionel, and then! I speak so kindly about Your dear father. "

"Oh, THAT is the person! - I guess if you scream" Albert, a mother kissing her, that he would one mourn a lie. " I can explain it all now, Colonel Morley. Anyone who speaks a kind word warms my father was my mother's heart FOR once, do not Yes, mother? "

"And It Will Weather the sea," said Colonel Morley, grateful with Seriousness, services and CAN trust my passport as his, Mrs. Haughton. Charles was my old schoolmate, - A Child When I and Darrell Stephen in The Sixth shape, and, sorry, if I add, that if ever that a close friend of Carlos M. Haughton, he could not have been a very successful.
