Everything needed was to be initiate there,--large nerve bedsteads with snow-white covering, all the modern contrivance for the bathroom, chest of drawers, each surmounted by a intense looking-glass; even a numeral of tiny and curious gimcracks ornamented the narrow mantelpiece; but to a French eye the nonattendance of curtains to the bunk bed, and the blatant demonstrate of wash tackle, recommended a cupboard de toilette slightly than a bedroom. This cleanness has now become quite stylish among affluent French nation, on story of its robustness: the clean air singing more generously and lingering purer than in accommodation packed with swollen seats, and poorly lit by complicated upholstery.

On the higher story were four additional rooms, worn as laboratory, lumber room, and servants' somewhere to live whilst on the ground-floor we had a scullery, a outsized kitchen, a laundry,--that I used afterwards as a personal kitchen, when my husband provide it with a set of French nerve pan and a charcoal variety,--a standby space, which was twisted into a nursery by and by, and finally a storehouse for my husband's not negligible equipment. 

The first days after our advent were dedicated to seafaring or rowing on the lagoon, to explicate me with its landscape; quickly, though, we complete rules to mislay no occasion, for we had both abundance of labor previous to us. 

My partner, at that time, know French pretty fine; he could state the lot he wish to say, and unstated level the nuance of the talking, but his accent betray him at once as an Englishman, and there linger in his language a assured indecision about the selection of terms most suitable to his sense. As for me, my English had remain that of a school-girl, and my partner obtainable me his good for you on my tremendously partial information, for this reason--that I must have small to unlearn. We decided, to start with, that one of us must to know the other's speech carefully, so as to organization a ideal sympathetic, and as he was so a great deal more sophisticated in French than I in English, it was determined that for a occasion he ought to become my novice, and that our conversation ought to be in my mother-tongue.

On my piece I dedicated two hours a day to the revise of English syntax, and to the lettering of exercises, themes, and versions. This task was fulfilled during my husband's absence, or whilst he was engaged with his communication; and in the daylight I used to read English out loud to him, whilst he drew or tinted moreover at house or out of door. It was his own method of instruction, and proved most acceptable, but requisite in the teacher--particularly at the beginning--an ever-ready concentration to accurate the articulation of approximately every statement, and to give the transformation of it, collectively with a great store up of endurance to bear with the continually returning error; for not to mar my attention in the mechanism he gave me to read, I was exempt from the slow procedure of the vocabulary. He was himself the best of dictionaries--explaining the differences of meaning, giving the life and spirit of each term, and always impressing this truth, that rarely does the same expression convey exactly the same idea in two languages. He frequently failed to give word for word, since he would not give an estimated conversion; but he was forever ready with a detailed clarification, and so trained me to come into the peculiar brains of the speech; so that if I did not become a high-quality translator, I educated early to consider and to suffer in compassion with the author I was studying.

  

If the climate tolerable it, Gilbert usually takes me out on the lake, and according to the customary wind, choose some exacting mark for lessons.
