He despised Philip, but he despised still more Philip the usurper who had brought shame to the escutcheon of Bercy. There was also at the job another and deeper design to be shown in good time. Philip had retired from the English navy, and went back to his duchy of Bercy. Here he embraced the struggle with the Austrians against the French. Accepted with passion by the people, who as yet knew little or nothing of the doings in the Cohue Royale, he now led the army and proved himself  in the field as he had been at sea. Of these things Detricand knew, and knew also that the lines were closing in round the duchy; that one day soon Bonaparte would come forth and smother the little army and its Austrian allies. The game then would be another step nearer the end. He visited the Courts of Prussia, Russia, Spain, Italy, and Austria, and presented before them his claims to the duchy, urging an insistence on its neutrality, and a trial of his cause against Philip. With unmitigating passion, he toiled towards his end, the way made easier by tales told of his prowess in the Vendee. He had offers to do battles in foreign armies, but opted not. Gossip of the Courts said that there was some strange romance behind this tireless pursuit of an inheritance, but he paid no heed. If at last there crept over Europe wonderful tales of Detricand's past life in Jersey, of the real Duchesse de Bercy, and of the new Prince of Vaufontaine, Detricand did not pretend to hear them; and the Comtesse Chantavoine had disappeared from public knowledge. The few who guessed his romance were puzzled to understand his cause: for if he dispossessed Philip, Guida must also be dispossessed. This, certainly, was not lover-like or friendly.

But Detricand was not to be denied; his mind and purpose were clear. Guida should come to no injury through him--Guida who, as they left the Cohue Royale that day of days, had turned on him a look of heavenly trust and gratitude; who, in the midst of her own great happenings, found time to tell him by a word how well she knew he had kept his promise to her, even beyond belief. Justice for her was now the supreme and immediate object of his life. There were others ready also to care for France, to fight for her, to die for her, to struggle towards the hour when the King should come to his own; but there was only one man in the world who could achieve Guida's full justification, and that was himself, Detricand of Vaufontaine.

He was more than happy to turn to the Chevalier's letters from Jersey. It was from Chevalier's himself, he had learned the whole course of Guida's life during the four years of his absence from the island. It was the Chevalier who drew for him pictures of Guida in her new home, none other than the house of Elie Mattingley, which the Royal Court having confiscated now handed over to her as an act of homage. The little world of Jersey no longer pointed the finger of scorn at Guida Landresse de Landresse, but bent the knee to Princess Guida d'Avranche.

Detricand wrote many letters to the Chevalier, and they with their entertainings allusions were read aloud to Guida--all except the one about Philip. Writing of himself to the Chevalier on one occasion, he laid bare with a merciless honesty his nature and his career. Concerning neither had he any illusions.

"I do not mistake myself, Chevalier " [he wrote], " nor these late doings of mine. What credit shall I take to myself for coming to place and some little fame?"
