There was something
peculiarly charming in the lighter side of Stephen's nature; a simplicity and boyishness, which
was the secret of his popularity far more than his weightier qualities. The women of Harmouth
called him handsome, but he had small claims to beauty. A well set-up figure rather above the
medium height, dark hair grizzled at the temples, eyes that seemed to laugh because of a slight
contraction of the muscles at the outer corners, and a nose decidedly too high and bony. The
expression of the mouth was shrewd, almost sarcastic, and possibly a little coarse, but his
smile redeemed it and illumined his face like sunshine. What dazzled the ladies of Harmouth
was really a certain easy luxury in dress and habits not common in the little town. It is always
the exotic we prize in our conservatories.

This summing up of French's outer man was not Deena's estimate, as she watched his approach--she
was too familiar with his appearance to receive any especial impression. She accepted his apologies
for his cigar and for keeping her waiting with an indifferent air, and turned once more toward
the sea.

CHAPTER II.

The beach at Wolfshead was pebbly, with rocks thrown untidily about and ridges of blackened
seaweed marking the various encroachments of the tide. Stephen brushed the top of a low bowlder
with his handkerchief and invited Deena to sit down.

"You would be more comfortable," he said, "if Ben would come with the cushions."

"I am quite comfortable without them," she answered, "though I cannot but resent the Paul and
Virginia attitude of the young Minthrops. One would think a year of married life would have
satisfied their greed for tête-à-têtes. I wonder whether they would continue sufficient to
each other if they really were stranded on a desert island."

"Could you be happy on such an island with the man of your heart, Mrs. Ponsonby?" asked Stephen.

And Deena, feeling that Simeon was perforce the man of her heart, and that he was quite unfitted
to live on sea air and love, answered, smiling:

"Not unless there were a perfectly new flora to keep him contented."

Stephen saw his opportunity to make his communication, and said, quickly:

"I suspect you have been reading those articles of Simeon's in the Scientist on the vegetation
of Tierra del Fuego. They are very able. He ought to go there and verify all he has gleaned
by his reading. We fully appreciate we have a remarkable man at Harmouth in our professor of
botany."

Deena colored with pleasure.

"Poor Simeon," she said; "his limited means have stood in the way of such personal research,
and then, also, the college holidays are too short for extended trips."

"Let him throw over his classes in the cause of science," said Stephen, with excitement. "Why,
such a book as Simeon would write after an exploration of--Fuegia, let us say--would place
him among the scientists of the world."

The thought that raced across Deena's mind was what dull reading it would be, but she recognized
the impropriety of the reflection and said, simply:

"It is too bad we haven't a little more money."

Stephen put his hand in his breast pocket and half drew out a letter, and then let it drop
back, and then he walked a little apart from Deena and looked at her thoughtfully, as if trying
to readjust his previous ideas of her to the present coquetry of her appearance. The way her
thoughts had flown to Simeon when a desert island existence was mooted seemed as if she did
care, and Stephen hated to give pain, and yet the letter had to be answered, and the opportunity
was not likely to occur again. The thing he had always admired most in his friend's wife was
her common sense--to that he trusted.
