There was something peculiar charm in the lighter side of the nature of Stephen, a simplicity and childishness, which was the secret of his popularity much more than their weight qualities. Women Harmouth called him handsome, but had small claims to beauty. A figure well set-up above the middle height, black hair graying at the temples, eyes that seemed to laugh due to a slight contraction of the muscles at the outer corners, and a nose much too tall and bony. The expression of the mouth was cunning, almost sarcastic, and possibly a bit thick, but redeemed himself and his smile lit her face as the sun. What stunned the ladies Harmouth was really true luxury in dress and easy to habits that are not common in the small town. It is always the exotic we appreciate in our conservatories.

This summary of the French foreign man was not estimated Deena, watching their approach - that was very familiar with their appearance to receive a special print. She accepted his apology for his pure and to keep their hopes with an indifferent air, and turned again toward the sea.

CHAPTER II.

The pebble beach Wolfshead was by stones thrown on haphazardly and ridges of black algae marking various encroachments of the tide. Stephen touched the top of a rock bass with his handkerchief and Deena invited to sit.

"You would be more comfortable," he said, "if Ben would come with the cushions."

"I'm very comfortable without them," she said, "I can not help but resent the attitude of Paul and Virginia Young Minthrops. One would think a year of married life would have satisfied his ambition to tête-à-têtes. I wonder if sufficient follow each other, if you really were on a desert island. "

"Would you be happy on an island like the man of your heart, Mrs. Ponsonby" asked Stephen.

And Deena, the feeling that Simeon was necessarily the man of her heart, and that was quite inadequate to live on air sea and love, he replied, smiling:

"Not unless there was an entirely new plant to keep it happy."

Stephen saw his opportunity to make their communication, and said quickly:

"I suspect you've been reading articles in the scientific Simeon on the vegetation of Tierra del Fuego. They are very capable.'d Have to go there and check everything has been taken in Reading. We fully recognize that we have an extraordinary man in Harmouth our professor of botany. "

Deena blushed with pleasure.

"Poor Simeon," she said, "have brought limited resources in the way of personal research, and then also the university holidays are too short for long trips."

"Let's take more classes in the cause of science," said Stephen, of emotion. "Why, a book like Simeon to write after a scan - Tierra del Fuego, say - would place him among the world's scientists."

The idea that raced Deena's mind was what would be dull reading, but acknowledged the inappropriateness of reflection and said, simply:

"It's a shame not to have a little more money."

Stephen put his hand in his pocket and pulled out half letter, and then dropped back a bit and then walked outside and looked Deena thoughtfully, as if trying to readjust their previous ideas of for this coquetry of her appearance. The way his mind had flown to Simeon when a desert island existence was proposed seemed as if he cared, and Stephen hated to give pain, yet, the letter had to be answered, and the opportunity was not likely to become occur. What had always admired most his friend's wife was common sense - that trust.
