In the small cemetery in Hamlin, one reads: "Beautiful Things" in a modest stone at the head of your bed.
 
EMMA TANNER WOOD. 

Mrs. Emma Tanner Wood (Caroline Cunningham), a Topeka woman, began to work everyday in 1872. The result of the work of those early years was "Spring Rain", a volume of prose. After thirty years of study and experience among the defectives, she wrote: "Very fit for the unfit", advocating surgery for the feeble-minded. The story of Mrs. Benton, one of the characters, led Mrs. Wood to introduce a law preventing children being sent to the poor house. This was the first law in the interests of children ever passed in Kansas. Later, a traveling hypnotist law preventing the use of school children as subjects in public exhibitions have been prepared by Mrs. Wood and passed. 

Several years ago, a book on hypnotism, long before the thought of the public, was written and published this year. 

Mrs. Wood is seventy years young as she says, "is the sweetest part of the age in life. It is no small satisfaction of laughing at the follies of others and know that you are making more than them. It is equally beautiful was responsible only to oneself and one's life as you want. Every day is a holy day for me now and the sweetness of common things, grass, flowers, love of neighbor, grandchildren, and amenities a home filled me with satisfaction. think kindly of all things under the sun (except sin), and speaking kindly to all, do unkind deeds is a greater good for the world at large than we think when we are in the heat of battle. " 

Cornelia M. Stockton. 

A cheerful little room in the east wing of St. Margaret Hospital, Kansas City, Kansas, a wheelchair invalid by a window overlooking the street, his face anxious, expectant, and the warm hand clasp of the occupant, Mrs. Cornelia M. Stockton, assures visitors a warm welcome. 

Greatly weakened by the long illness and short-sighted, this bright and keen young woman today and the last "best seller" puts to shame the zeal half of the average woman. 

For four years, Mrs. Stockton has lived in Santa Margarita, depending on the visits of friends and memories of an eventful life for a day. Prominence in the work of the club in its early years has brought reward. The History of the Club of Kansas City, Kansas, which was a member, each week sends a member to read it and these are red-letter days to this brave, patient, little woman. 

Mrs. Stockton began writing very young. When a girl, back in the village of Walden, New York, stole up to the pulpit of the church and wrote in her pastor's Bible: 

"I have not seen the eyes of the minister, and can not describe His divine eyes, because when he locked up now And when he preaches to close the mine." 

Born in 1833 in Shawangunk, New York, and came to Kansas City in 1859, living in Missouri a few years, but most of the time in Kansas City, Kansas. 

In 1892, he published a limited edition of poems, "Shan Dancing Girl and Other Poems." dedicated to Mrs. Bertha M. Honore Palmer, her ideal of the perfect type of charming grace and femininity. "Shan Dancing Girl" was written first to the Friends in Council, a literary club of Kansas City, Mo. It has received praise from Thomas Bailey Aldrich, John J. Ingalls and others for their beauty and qualities of dramatic expression. "Invocation", a romance in April; "The Sea-shell" and "Mountain Born" sing the love of nature. "In the Conservatory," "My Heart of Summer" and "Tired of the Storm" touch of sadness and anxiety and nostalgia. Then in 1886, "Compensation" was written.
