In the  tiny  graveyard at Hamlin, one reads "Beautiful Things" on a  unassuming  stone at the  head  of her  tiny  bed.

EMMA TANNER WOOD.

Mrs. Emma Tanner Wood (Caroline Cunningham), a Topeka female, started newspaper task in 1872. The issue of those early years' task was "Spring Showers," a volume of prose. After thirty years of examine and experience among the defectives, she wrote "Too Fit For The Unfit," promulgating doctors for the feeble-minded. The story of Mrs. Benton, one of the characters, led Mrs. Wood to introduce a law preventing youngsters being sent to the broke house. This was the first law purely in the spare-time activity of youngsters ever surpassed in Kansas. Later, a law preventing traveling hypnotists from engaging educational institution youngsters as subjects in public shows was drawn higher by Mrs. Wood and passed.

Several years ago, a retain on hypnotism, far in enhance of the public thought, was written and is to be issued this year.

Mrs. Wood is seventy years young and as she says: "finds age the very sweetest component of life. It is no small satisfaction to laugh at the follies of others and know that you are past committing them. It is steadily pleasurable to be responsible simply to one's self and lead one's life as one chooses. Every day is a holy day to me now and the sweetness of regular item, grass, flowers, neighborly love, grand-children, and home encourages fill me with satisfaction. To think kindly of all item below the sun (but sin); to articulate kindly to all; to do tiny kindly acts is a greater good to the world at many than we think where we are in the heat of battle."

CORNELIA M. STOCKTON.

A cheerful tiny room in the East wing of St. Margaret's Hospital, Kansas City, Kansas; an invalid stool wheeled higher to a window through staring the street; and the hopeful, expectant face and the sultry hand clasp of the occupant, Mrs. Cornelia M. Stockton, assures the tenant of a hearty welcome.

Greatly enfeebled by prolonged illness and with severely harmed sight, this sparkling, tiny woman's enthusiastic spare-time activity in existing functions and the fresh "best seller" puts to sympathise with the half-hearted zeal of the average woman.

For four years, Mrs. Stockton has survived at St. Margaret's, depending upon the visits of associates and the memory of an eventful life to surpass the days. Prominence in club task in her quicker years has brought reward. The History Club of Kansas City, Kansas, of which she was once a member, each week sends a member to read to her and these are red letter days to this gallant, patient, tiny woman.

Mrs. Stockton started writing very young. When a tiny girl, behind in the township of Walden, New York, she stole higher to the pulpit of the church and wrote in her pastor's Bible:

"I have not supposed the minister's eyes, And cannot describe his glance divine, For after he prays he shuts them higher And after he preaches he shuts mine."

She was born in 1833 in Shawangunk, New York, and joined Kansas City in 1859, vibrant in Missouri numerous years but bulk of the time in Kansas City, Kansas.

In 1892, she issued a limited edition of poems, "The Shanar Dancing Girl and Other Poems." committed to Mrs. Bertha M. Honore Palmer, her ideal of the faultless breeding of courteous and lovely womanhood. "The Shanar Dancing Girl" was first written for the Friends in Council, a literary club of Kansas City, Mo. It has received the encomiums of Thomas Bailey Aldrich, John J. Ingalls and others for its beauty of expression and dramatic qualities. "Invocation," an April idyl; "The Sea-shell;" and "Mountain Born" sing of the love of nature. "In the Conservatory;" "My Summer Heart;" and "Tired of the Storm" hint of anguish and unrest and longing. Then in 1886, "Compensation" was written.
