In a small cemetery in Hamlin, one reads "Beautiful Things" over a simple stone at the head of his little bed.

EMMA TANNER WOOD.

Mrs. Emma Tanner Wood (Caroline Cunningham), a Topeka woman, began working papers in 1872. The work of the early years "is" Spring Rain, "a volume of prose. After thirty years of research and experience among the broken, he wrote" Too Fit To inept, "advocate for the weak-heart surgery. The Story of Mrs. Benton, one of the characters, led Mrs. Wood to introduce legislation to prevent children who are sent to the poorhouse. This is the first law purely for the sake of the children ever passed in Kansas. Then, the law that prevents travel hypnotists from using school children as subjects in a public exhibition was made by Mrs. Wood and passed.

Several years ago, a book on hypnotism, far in advance of public thinking, written and will be published this year.

Mrs. Wood is seventy years young and when he said: "The age found a very nice part of life. There is no small satisfaction to laugh at the stupidity of others and know that you have passed to them. It is equally enjoyable responsible only for yourself and order one's life as one chooses. Every day is a holy day for me now and the sweet things in general, grass, flowers, love, friendly, grand-children, and the comforts of home fill me with satisfaction. To think kindly of all things under sun (but sin), to speak good to all, to do a little good deed is better for the world in general than we think when we're in the heat of battle. "

Cornelia M. Stockton.

A cheerful little room in the East wing of St. Margaret's Hospital, Kansas City, Kansas, an invalid wheelchair into the window above to find a way; and face, trying to get pregnant and the warm clasp of the hands of the occupant, Mrs. Cornelia M. Stockton, ensuring guests of a warm welcome.

Very weak by the long illness and with impaired eyesight, this bright, little interest in women in the latest current events and sellers 'best' to put the embarrassment of half-hearted spirit of the average woman.

For four years, Mrs. Stockton has lived in St. Margaret's, depending on the requests of friends and the memory of life is important to get through the day. Prominent in club work in previous years he has brought a gift. History Club of Kansas City, Kansas, where she was a member, each week sends a member to read to her and this is a red letter day of this courageous, patient, little woman.

Mrs. Stockton began writing very young. When a little girl, back in the village of Walden, New York, he stole up to the pulpit of the church and his pastor wrote in the Bible:

"I do not see the eyes of the priest, and his gaze can not describe the divine, For when he prays he closes them, and when he told him he closed the mine."

He was born in 1833 in Shawangunk, New York City, and came to Kansas City in 1859, lived in Missouri a few years but most of the time in Kansas City, Kansas.

In 1892, she published a limited edition of poems, "The Shanar Dancing Girl and Other Poems." dedicated to Mrs. Bertha M. Honore Palmer, ideally perfect type of a friendly and beautiful femininity. "The Shanar Dancing Girl" was first written for the Friends in Council, a literary club in Kansas City, Mo. It has received the encomiums of Thomas Bailey Aldrich, John J. Ingalls and others for beauty of expression and dramatic qualities. "Prayer," an idyll April: "The sea-shell;" and "Mountain Born" singing about the love of nature. "In the Conservatory;" "My Summer Heart;" and "Tired Storm" instructions grief and unrest and longing. Later in the year 1886, "Compensation" was written.
