Few, except the fourth-year men have the temerity to address him as "Parsons" on the face, it seems something so awful to do, like keeping a chapel in slippers or walk arm in arm with a blue one. You feel uncomfortable about it. 
To give you an idea of the dark majesty Parsons: "I have a moment to recall a particular day in November 1914 when Biffin and I, after a brief flirtation with CUOTC, left Cambridge to join our regiments. It was raining, but were surprised in their spirit, we had our committees, things would happen if we were almost pushing a constable. When passing through the goal Parsons sat down at his table, imperturbable and austere, his eagle eyes flashing beneath his bushy eyebrows and his venerable beard swept his breast. Biffin At that time, overwrought with emotion, he forgot. 

"Cheerio, Parsons, cracker old," he shouted wildly: "How's the weather suits your whiskers?" 

Then, realizing the enormity of his act, he turned suddenly pale, he rushed into the street and got in the taxi waiting panic. We made good our escape. 

* * * * * 

The seven stars represent the war. I can take a childish pleasure in rejecting the so abrupt Armageddon. If you have had nothing to do with you will understand. 

After being demobilized in a relatively early date, out of respect to our central intelligence, Biffin and headed to Cambridge to take up the thread of learning where Wilhelm had broke a few years ago. They've changed a bit. Biffin was burnt brown by the sun of Egypt, while I use a small memory of Flanders in my upper lip. 

"I wonder if Parsons will remember us," he said as the train thundered into the station Biffin. 

"Absolutely," I replied. "Parsons never forgets anything." 

"I doubt it," said Biffin. 

As our taxi pulled up outside the portals of Alma Mater in the first person he saw standing on the steps of the goal, Parsons. It was as Olympic as ever. As soon as he saw it felt that, although you can cancel or introduce a compulsory Greek Finance Tripos, he would never be able to bring the old spirit of the university. A unique look of Parsons, standing in all its traditional glory, showed the people like Mr. HG Wells in perspective at a time. He did good. 

We approached him. "Good afternoon, Parsons," he said with a brave attempt in cold blood. 

Parsons looked at us. "Good evening, Mr. Jones," he said. Then his eyes fell on Biffin. "Good evening, sir." 

Biffin nudged me: "He has forgotten me," she whispered. Parsons still subject to relentless scrutiny. At last he spoke. "As for your question, Mr. Biffin, I have not had a chance to respond before, I can say I had pleasure in referring to my mustache - a colloquial expression which do not use myself - are completely waterproof and affected by climatic variations whatsoever. The rooms are, sir, in the stairwell B. " 

* * * * * 

True hospitality. 

"Lecture by Rev. W. ----." The dragon, the beast and false prophet. "Everyone is welcome." - The Scotsman. 

* * * * * 

"Scottish reels, dances corner, and waltzes were the favorites in the dance of the Masons on Tuesday night. Dancers fought shy of the fog-trot that has proved so popular in other dances." - Scottish Book. 

Maybe they were afraid of losing his footsteps in the dark. 

* * * * * 

"Detroit-to-day, his first year as the biggest" dry world of the city.
