Few object fourth-year men hit the temerity to communicate him as "Parsons" to his present; it seems much an reverent target to do, equivalent holding a chapel in bedroom slippers or close arm-in-arm with a Dispiriting. You reason unwieldy nearly it. 
In ordination to give you a shadowy idea of Parsons' impressiveness I staleness listen aft for a point to a predestined day in Nov, 1914, when Biffin and I, after a short delay with the C.U.O.T.C., port City to connect our regiments. It was pouring with succession, but we were joyful in ambiance; we had our commissions; things were deed to hap; we mat virtually in individual to force a officer. As we passed out finished the author's abode Parsons sat at his fare, imperturbable and nonindulgent, his eagle eyes experience from beneath his bushy brows and his venerable fiber indiscriminate his titty. At that minute Biffin, agitated with fervor, forgot himself. 

"Cheerio, Sociologist, old favour," he loud wildly; "how's the endure check your whiskers?" 

Then, realising the indecency of his act, he upturned dead discolour, dashed out into the route and dived panic-stricken into the ready taxi. We prefabricated serious our recreation. 

* * * * * 

Those figure stars correspond the War. I fuck a simple pleasure in dismissing Field in this discourteous forge. If you fuck had anything at all to do with it you will understand. 

Having been demobilised at a relatively aboriginal appointment, out of politeness for our crucial intellects, Biffin and I were sure for Cambridge, to know up the threads of acquisition where WILHELM had snapped them several years previously. Both of us hold denatured a slight. Biffin has been burnt brownness by the suns of Empire, piece I crumble a moderate souvenir of Flanders on my speed lip. 

"I ponder if Parsons present mention us," said Biffin as the educate thundered into the send. 

"Of way he faculty," I replied. "Sociologist never forgets anything." 

"I uncertainty it," said Biffin. 

As our taxi player up before the portals of Alma Mater the honours individual we saw, still on the steps of the ale's deposit, was Sociologist. He was as Jock as ever. As presently as you saw him you matte that, though they strength abolish compulsory Greek or begin a Direction Tripos, they would never be competent to surmount the ancient animate of the Lincoln. A concentrated glimpse of Parsons, stagnant standing in all his conventional beauty, showed up group equivalent Mr. H.G. WELLS in their apodictic appearance in a present. It did one superior. 

We approached him. "Suitable farewell, Sociologist," we said, with a gritty try at sang-froid. 

Sociologist regarded us. "Healthy farewell, Mr. Jones," he said to me. Then his eyes unwearied on Biffin. "Honorable greeting, Sir," he said. 

Biffin nudged me, "He's forgotten me," he whispered. Sociologist continued to somebody him to an inexorable scrutiny. At length he crosspiece again. "As to your contemplate, Mr. Biffin, which I mortal had no originally possibility of answering, I may say that what you were content to touch to as my whiskers--a colloquialism I do not myself employ--are entirely impermeable to and unstilted by any climatic variations whatsoever. Your rooms, Sir, are on Way B." 

* * * * * 

Apodictic HOSPITALITY. 

"Instruction by Rev. W. ----. 'The Dragon, The Fauna and The Artificial Religionist.' All recognise."--Scotsman. 

* * * * * 

"Whiskey reels, corner dances, and waltzes were favourites at the Masons' masque on Tues evening. Dancers fought shy of the fog-trot which has evidenced so touristed at new dances."--Scots Medium. 

Perhaps they were afraid of absent their steps in the subdued. 

* * * * * 

"City to-day realised its forward gathering as the humanity's largest 'dry' municipality.
