Certainly, the analysis of Chaucer's life does not confirm the theory that John of Gaunt exercises a dominant influence over their destiny. Also a study of the connections of its members indicating their dependence on John of Gaunt. His friend William de Beauchamp was at a later date no doubt a member of the Gloucester - Warwick faction. But in 1378 and 1380, when Chaucer was apparently connected with it, Beauchamp, was a member of the family of the King (from 1379 the chamberlain of the house), obviously in favor with the king and not a supporter of the faction Lancaster-Gloucester. We also know that Chaucer in a business associated with at least Brembre, Philipot and Walworth, who probably knew Thomas Usk, the latter admired him, and that the king's house was related to some men as Juan de Beauchamp and John Salesbury they were not friends of John of Gaunt. However, towards the end of the reign of Richard II, Chaucer are somehow connected with John of Gaunt, son, and when a few years after the son took the throne as Henry IV, Chaucer received new annual aid. The fact that Chaucer was then a friend of the prominent men in both factions makes unbelievable that his fate depended on those of John of Gaunt. 

A suggestion to others, John of Gaunt was likely to have had enough interest in poetry to sponsor a poet? I have found no evidence that he did attend other poets or artists of any kind, and the impression of his character has acquired a careful scholar as Mr. Trevelyan of a study of his career, not that he was a man as be interested in the arts. 

From all these facts, do not see how one could argue that John of Gaunt was "great patron of Chaucer. "The evidence, as far as I could ascertain at present, leads to the conclusion that Chaucer must have had their offices and real income and not King John of Gaunt, at a time when the influence of John of Gaunt would have effects detrimental rather than beneficial, or when John of Gaunt was in England not to exercise it. 

RELATIONSHIP TO RICARDO Chaucer 

Recent research has suggested that Richard II and his consort Anne may have been a patron of Chaucer. For this theory derives the clearest evidence of the references to Queen Anne in several of the poems. The most obvious of these references is that LBV prologue Version F. 11. 496, 7, and another is implicit in Koch's explanation for the drafting of PF, and Lowes teacher finds two more in their interpretations of a line in the TR (MLN XIX, 240 242) and one in the Troilus. (2 p. MLA 32285 et seq) Since this research has to do entirely with external evidence of Chaucer's life is not my business to deal with these references. I simply say that can be obtained without the active support of the facts we know about Chaucer's life, since there is no outstanding feature of his career as a squire pointing sponsored by anyone. We have no right to the circumstances of their awards and nominations to believe that Ricardo did not even know he was a poet, no doubt to believe that Richard enjoyed his poetry and because of her condescension. 

We do have some evidence of interest in Richard II in the literature, especially the familiar stories of his proposal that the poet Gower wrote the Confessio Amantis, his gift of Froissart to the latter's book of poems, and payment Expedition came in 1380 in the list of twenty pounds of the Bible written in French, the note [: translation of Devon, p. 213, is incorrect, the phrase in the document is "lingua gallica. Questions p. 301, mem.
