Of course, analysis of life Chaucer did not confirm the theory that John the Terrible exercised by the ruling influence over their fate. No study of connections of his associates suggest depending on his John the Terrible. His friend William de Beauchamp was certainly later a member of Gloucester - The faction. But in 1378 and 1380, when Chaucer was apparently connected with it, Beauchamp was a member of the household of the King (from 1379 the Chamberlain of household), obviously in favor with the king and not a partisan faction Lancaster-Gloucester. Furthermore we know that Chaucer in business-related way at least with Brembre, Philipot and Walworth, he probably knew Thomas Usk, that she admired, and that the household of the King, he was associated with some men like John de Beauchamp and John de Salesbury that were not friends to John the Terrible. However, at the end of the reign of Richard Chaucer II to find some way connected with John the son of Grozny, and when several years later that his son ascended the throne as Henry IV, Chaucer received new annuities and aids. The fact that Chaucer was then friendly with prominent people in both factions makes it unlikely that his fortunes were dependent on those of John the Terrible.

Another proposal was likely John Grozny had enough interest in poetry to stick poet? I have found no evidence that he supported other poets or artists of any kind, and the impression of his character, who has gained a careful scholar as Mr. Trevelyan from a study of his career, not that he is such a man as you would are interested in art.

From all these facts, I do not see how it can be argued that John the Terrible was a "great patron of Chaucer. Evidence, as far as I can make out at present, leads one to conclude that Chaucer must have received his royal offices and annuities instead of King John of Grozny, at the time of John the Terrible impact will be harmful and helpful, or when John of Grozny was in England to use.

RELATING TO Chaucer Richard II

Some recent surveys suggest that Richard II and his consort Anna can be patrons of Chaucer. This theory has received the most definitive evidence of references to Queen Anne in several songs. The most obvious of those references is that in the Prologue to LGW, F version. 11th 496, 7; another one implied in the explanation of Koch for writing the wing, and Professor Lowes is two more in his interpretations of a line in high school (millions of XIX century, 240.242) and one in the Troilus. (2 pages MLA 32, 285 ff) This research has to be done entirely by external evidence of life Chaucer, it is not my job to deal with these recommendations. I would only point out that they can be performed without active support from the facts we know about Chaucer's life, because there is no outstanding feature of his career as a nobleman who points to the patronage of anyone. We have no right on the circumstances of his awards and appointments to assume that Richard even knew he was a poet, certainly not to assume that Richard enjoyed his poetry and the patron of him because of it.

To be sure we have some indications of interest in Richard II in literature, especially well-known stories about his proposal to write the poet Gower Confessio Amantis, his ability to Froissart for the last book of poems, and the payment entered the 1380 Donor Registry £ 28 for a Bible written in French, [footnote: Devon's translation, p. 213, is not true; phrase in the document is the "lingua gallica." Question. 301, mem.
