perform as you would be complete by is my maxim and till. I can find a better as a result .I take myself away, send-off my better part behind me, if it will be of any repair to you, madam. As he agreed by Miss Warwick, he drop his purse into her lap, and he was gone before she could recover from her surprise. Sir! Madam only cried she, rising quickly, "at this time he has been some mistake. I am not a beggar. I am much, very much thankful to you.
Keep my friend your itself. Thought Dinah Plait, press the purse upon Angelina, John Barker is as rich as a Jew, and as noble as a prince. Keep it, friend, and you'll thank both of them his danger in this world for one is young and is pretty as you are to be in great hardship. I am be proud. "I am not proud," said Miss Warwick, taking purse from her pocket; "but my hardship is not of a of money Convince yourself. I am a best friend.
"he touch my brain.  Told Dinah. “Coot ale!" exclaimed Betty Williams. Coot eggs and pecan. The lady name Araminta--Miss Hodges. I am in lodge said Miss Warwick. Friend, I do you not let lodging, and I know of no such person as Miss Hodges. "Well, I swear her name, the coachman told me, did begin with a p, and end with a t," cried Betty Williams, "or I would never have let him knock at her tour." 
"Oh, my Araminta ! my Araminta!" cried Angelina, turning up her eyes towards heaven " when, oh when I find her. That i am the un lucky person of the earth. Had not her patter. he eat  the egg, and a pit of pecan. here's one pit left," said Betty: "her must be hungry, for 'this two o'clock past, and we breakfast at nine hour must be hungry  and Betty pressed her to try the Pac cheese monger on but Angelina through it away,      in the proper style he motioned the bacon from her. 
 I want food she cried rising. happy they who have no conception of any but material . madam told farewell is conducting may the feeling, of which you’re allow is so strongly expressive, never be a source of unhappiness to you. and which depth of sigh which suited the close of such a speech, Angelina withdrew. If I could but have felt her pulse. said Dinah Plait to her itself. I could have prescribed something that, maybe, would have done her good, poor distracted thing! Now it was well done of John Barker to leave this purse for he but how is this poor thing! she's not fit to be trusted with money with here she has left her own purse full of guineas. 
Dinah ran immediately to her home in hopes of being able to catch Angelina; but the coach had turned down into another street, and was out of sight. Mrs. Plait sent for her constant counselor, John Barker, to deliberate on the means of returning the purse. It should be mentioned, to the credit of Dinah's kindness, that at the moment when she was broken up by the entrance of Betty Williams and Angelina, she was hearing the most flattering things from a person who was not disagreeable to her: her friend, John Barker, was a rich hosier, who had retired from business; and who, without any ostentation, had a great deal of real feeling and generosity. But the fastidious taste of fine, or sappy readers, will probably be disgusted by our talking of the feelings and generosity of a hosier and a cheese monger's widow. It belongs to a certain class of people to indulge in the luxury of sentiment: we shall follow our heroine, therefore, who, both from her birth and education, is properly qualified to have exquisite feelings. The next house at which Angelina stopped, to search for her amiable Araminta, was at Mrs. Porter’s academy for young ladies.
