Do as you will by my saying until I have a better - so I can take you to find, leaving the better part of me behind my back, if it be for you to any service may be ma'am. "

Miss Warwick as he passed by, she dropped her purse in her lap, and it was gone before he could recover from her surprise.

"Sir! - Madame!" He cried, quickly rising here, "Something strange has been wrong - I'm not a beggar - I am very, very much obliged to you, but -"

Dina Top, Angelina said the purse down, "Nay, to keep it up, buddy, keep it up"; "John Barker as rich as a Jew, and as generous as a prince Keep it up, man. And you will oblige both him and me - dangerous' tis the world for a very young and as beautiful as you are in great distress, not be proud. "
"Miss Warwick, drawing her pocket of her purse that I'm not proud of," but the nature of an economic crisis I convince myself - - I have a friend, an unknown friend in crisis will only have.

Dina thought "touched his brain, I doubt it"

"Code ale!" Betty Williams exclaimed "- code heggs and pacon."

"Araminta name - Ms. Hodges is a woman, I - Enter here mean?" Miss Warwick said

"Dude, I get no lodgings, and I know of a person like Miss Hodges."

"Well, I swear named Hur, coachman told me, started with P and end with Betty Williams cried,", "or I will never knock at toor Hur."
"Oh, my Araminta! My Araminta!" exclaimed Angelina, turning his eyes up to heaven - "? When, oh when I'll get you the most unfortunate person on earth I am."

"Hur Betty did not eat a hegg Petter, and a pit pacon? Here's one pit left:" Hur will be hungry, "for the 2:00 tis past, and we will be hungry at nine preakfasted Hur -, "And her daughter to try pacon pressed but Angelina put it away, or in appropriate style, her bacon motioned.
", He cried I want a meal, rising:" whoever they please, but tangible goodbye. Madam! - May be suffering, sensitivity, which may be meaningful to your face so strongly is a never-no concept of pain! "- And such a speech lamenting the depths to which source you with friendly, Angelina withdrawn.

I, "but for myself I could feel her pulse" peak Dina said, "something that, maybe, her best, poor thing would have upset could have been fixed, now it well John Barker This had to leave the purse - the purse full of it but how he Guineas? - Poor thing to fit it with money is not being trusted! - left here."

Dina immediately ran home- door, Angelina is expected to be able to catch, but the coach had turned down another street, and was out of sight. Mrs. Braid her frequent consultant, John Barker, to consider means for returning purse sent. The Dinah benevolence, that moment when he was interrupted by the entrance of Betty Williams and Angelina, it was not unpleasant to a person who was listening to the credit of the most flattering things may be mentioned him: his friend, John Barker, a wealthy hosier; and who retired from the business without any brag, did a great deal of genuine emotion and generosity. But well or emotional fastidious tastes of readers, perhaps our feelings and generosity of a hosier, and by referring to a cheesemonger widow will be disappointed. It belongs to a certain group of people the luxury of indulging in sentiment: We our heroine, so that, both his birth and education, all right - the "good feelings will follow lol."

The next house, at which Angelina stopped, to search for her amiable Araminta, was at Mrs. Porett's academy for young ladies.
