What would you do to my maximum until I can find a better - so take me, leaving my best side behind me, if he be of any service to you, ma'am. "

When passing by Miss Warwick, dropped her purse on her lap, and he went before he could recover from his surprise.

"Lord - Lord!" She exclaimed, rising quickly, "was a big mistake - I am not a beggar - I'm very, very thankful to you, but -"

No, keep it up buddy, keep, "said Dina plaît, pushing the stock to Angelina," John Barker is as rich as a Jew, and as generous as a prince. Keep it up buddy, and you are obligated to both him and me - 'tis dangerous in this world for someone so young and so beautiful like you to be in great distress, so do not feel proud. "

"I'm not proud," said Miss Warwick, taking advantage of your wallet from his pocket, but my anxiety is not a financial one - Check it out - I'm in trouble just for a friend, an unknown friend . "

"Touched in his brain, I wonder, 'thought Dinah.

"Coot beer!" Exclaimed Betty Williams - "Hegg PACON and coot."

"Does a woman by the name of Araminta - Miss Hodges, I mean - placed in this list?" Ms. Warwick said.

"Friend, I do not leave establishments, and I do not know anyone like Miss Hodges. "

Well, I swear Hur name, the driver told me, began with a p and ending at Williams exclaimed Betty, "or I would never have let him call toor Hur."

"Oh, my Araminta! Araminta mine!" Angelina exclaimed, popping his eyes to heaven - "When, oh when will I find? I am the most unlucky person on earth."

"If not Hur Petter eat Hegge, and a well PACON? Here is a hole on the left," said Betty, "Hur must be hungry, for 'tis past two and nine preakfasted - Hur have be hungry - and Betty shook PACON to judge, but Angelina aside, or the style, it said bacon.

"I'm not the lack of food," he exclaimed, rising, "Blessed are those who have no concept of suffering, but body. Goodbye, lady! - Can the sensitivity of your face that is so strongly expressive never be a source of suffering for you! "- And with this deep sigh that more suited to the close of this discourse, Angelina withdrew.

"If I could, but I sense your pulse," said Dina braid itself, "I could have planned something, perhaps, had done its good, bad distracted! Now it was well done Juan Barreto leave this portfolio for her - but how is this? - poor thing! is unable to be trusted with money - that has been left to its own bag full of Calais.

Dina immediately ran to the door of the house, hoping to be able to capture Angelina, but the manager had refused to another street, and lost sight of. The lady braid sent by his constant adviser, John Barker, to deliberate on ways of returning the bag. It should be mentioned that the credit of the benevolence of Dina, who at the time when he was interrupted by the entrance of Betty Williams and Angelina, who was feeling things more flattering than one person that was not unpleasant for her : her friend, John Barker, was a wealthy hosier, who had retired from business and without ostentation, there was a large amount of real feeling and generosity. But the demanding tastes of the fine, or sentimental readers, will probably be disgusted by our feelings and talk about the generosity of the widow of a hosier and cheese. Belongs to a particular class of persons to afford feeling: we will continue our heroine, so that, from his birth and education, is duly qualified because - "exquisite feelings."

The house next door where Angelina stopped to seek your kind Araminta was at the Academy of Mrs. Poretta for ladies.
