White population was only seven hundred thousand less, while black and white population was one million more than all the free states. 
The North was only half the size of the surface of the States: two hundred and seventy thousand miles square, with only one hundred thousand square miles in the allocation of territory dedicated to freedom. With equal representation in the United States Senate, and firm control of all branches of government, the prospect of the oligarchy to success was brilliant. In every nation gets the first possession aristocracy, organized the first, and proceeds deliberately to develop and manage the government. People are always suspicious, slow, late of the organization, and it seems that the success or failure that led to it by Providence than themselves. This government established the first slave aristocracy, and in 1820 appeared boldly on the sand, claiming the superiority and threatens the ruin of the republic in the event that the failure of his plans. Had managed so well that there was no division in their ranks, and for the last forty years has advanced in solid column of repeated attacks on freedom. 

The people, as usual, did not suspect the existence of this concentrated power until 1820. They made a brave fight, then the militias against the aristocracy, and compelled it to recognize a battle drawn up by the admission of Maine to balance Missouri, and establishing a line of compromise, which would leave all the territory north of latitude 36 ° 30 'consecrated to freedom. Slave Power submitted by anger, with the intention of breaking the negotiation as soon as it was strong enough, and continues its relentless struggle for power. Is determined to gain possession of the United States Senate, make it a noble house, control over her foreign policy, the Executive and the Supreme Court, and with this advantage, told the House could always manage of Representatives and rule the nation. The key to any political policy of the slave power through the last forty years is the effort to capture the United States Senate, and holding it by bringing a larger number of slave states. So well did they play this card, until 1850, maintained an equal Senate representation and, with the help of allies in the North and political master the skill of the aristocracy, controlled by our foreign policies, maintains its own representatives in all the major courts of Europe, made peace or war at will; Executive achieved through a veto over appointments, and has tried to fill the Supreme Court with men in favor of his policy, but never the House of Representatives was able to pass a bill without your consent. Under the reign of the last forty years "of the Slave Power, the United States Senate has been a farce higher in the Republic of the crown and the House of Lords in the British Empire. In fact, how well you did aristocracy play its role, which was supposed by the world as the American Government and news that the people of the United States had refused in 1860 to record their mandates, was received abroad with the same awe and indignation, as if there had been a revolt of the subjects of any European nation against their rulers anointed. 

But despite these great advantages from the start - despite his incredible political activity and admirable concentration, the slave-owning aristocracy was defeated by the people. How this became more interesting is the narrative of modern history. Never has the inherent superiority of a democratic aristocratic order of society been so magnificently vindicated as during the last forty years of our national race.
