It had a white population only seven hundred thousand less, While its white and black population was a million more than all the Free States, it had a white population only seven hundred thousand less.


The North was barely half as large in area of States. It was two hundred and seventy thousand square miles. Of that, only one hundred thousand square miles were in reserve of the territory dedicated to liberty. Having both an equivalent representation in the Senate of the United States, and a firm hold of all the branches of the Government, there was a high chance for success with by oligarchy. In every nation it seems that the people are always unsuspicious, slow, late in organizing, and seem to blunder into success or be led to it by a higher power. Meanwhile, the aristocracy first gets possession, organizes first, and proceeds deliberately to seize and administer the powers of government. In this Government, the slave aristocracy first consolidated, and in 1820, appeared boldly on the arena, claiming superiority, and threatening ruin to the republic if their designs were impeded. It had managed so well that there was now no division in its ranks, and for the last forty years, it had moved forward with a solid front of repeated attacks on the obstruction of liberty.


Per usual, the people did not suspect the existence of this concentrated power till it's 1820 appearance. Once they had, they made a brave fight against the aristocracy, and compelled it to acknowledge a draw by the allowance of Maine to balance Missouri. Then was established a line of compromise, which would leave all territory north of 36° 30' consecrated to freedom. The Slave Power unwillingly submitted, fully intending to break the bargain as soon as it was strong enough, and continue on its relentless struggle for power. It determined to gain possession of the Senate of the United States and make it a house of nobles, controlling through it the foreign policy, the Executive, and the Supreme Court. With this advantage, it reckoned it could always manage the House of Representatives and govern the nation.  Through these last forty years all the political policy of the Slave Power is with the endeavor to capture the Senate of the United States, and hold it, by bringing in a superior number of Slave State representation. So well did it play this card that, till 1850, it maintained an equality of senatorial representation, and, with the help of Northern allies and the superior political dexterity of the aristocracy, controlled our foreign policy. It kept its own representatives in all the great courts of Europe, making peace or war at will. The Slave Power reigned the Executive through a veto on his appointments and endeavored to fill the Supreme Court with men in favor of its policy, while the House of Representatives never was able to pass a measure without its consent. For the past forty years', while under the reign of the Slave Power, the Senate of the United States has been a greater farce in the republic than the crown and House of Lords in the British empire. It was supposed by the whole world to be the American Government, but so well did this aristocracy play its part, that the news that the people of the United States had refused, in 1860, to recognize, was received the world over with the same shock and distate as if there had been a revolt of the subjects of any European nation against their embrocated rulers.


But in spite of these great advantages at the outset, in spite of its incredible political activity and ferocious concentration, the slave aristocracy was eventually defeated by the people. How this was done is one of the most interesting tales in modern history. Never has the certain superiority of democracy over aristocracy been so completely vindicated as during the last forty years of our national career.
