preventing the central power the economists are interested to of extending its action. 
Instead of setting up new dikes against it they interest themselves only in destroying what is left of the old dikes still interfering with it.Let the government have a full comprehension of its duties and be left free. . . 
quesnay ideas about "The system of counter-forces in a government",is a fatal idea,the statements are chimerical,and comprehension of its duties and be left free for the government.where as in the essential laws of order,unlimited power is requisite." On the approach of the Revolution the same doctrine reappears

 in the sovereignty point of view of the king the "Contrat social" substitutes the sovereignty of the people.latter,there is much more absolute than the former, and, in the democratic convent which Rousseau constructs, on Spartan and Roman model,this model states that the individual is nothing and the State everything.the clauses of the social contract decreases the total transfer of each associate with all his rights to the community.

      as the act in "[3420] Every one surrenders himself entirely,and There is no exception nor reservation;what ever he may have in present and what ever he may had in past is no longer belongs to him,he becomes,possess the delegation of the social body, 

as he enjoyed the  property via tolerance,based upon the second concept ,which is completely based upon the ocial contract,he had surrendered it in the year[3421],which conclude into a national estate,makes a depositary way,which may consider as a restitution,the property of individuals society encourages in the unsurpation of their rights.



the rejoices in realstate,related to the social contract he himself possess but not by rights but by leadership,
he stated his comments by saying "every man has naturally a right to whatever he needs,"
and he agrees his misbehaviour and he cheated the state,State being under obligation to me,State may impose conditions on its gift,
, 


as per the rule of According to nature,[3422],it restric and 
regulate the property which cant extend beyond the owner,and when he dies the possessions are no longer his own.he later dispose.
than to extend it in effect." In any event as my title is an effect of the social contract 
it is precarious like the contract itself; a new stipulation suffices to limit it or to destroy it.
