Hence, far from restricting the central power the economists are desirous of extending its
action. Instead of setting up new dikes against it they interest themselves only in destroying
what is left of the old dikes still interfering with it. "The system of counter-forces in a
government," says Quesnay and his disciples, "is a fatal idea. . . The speculations on which
the system of counter-balance is founded are chimerical. . . . Let the government have a full
comprehension of its duties and be left free. . . The State must govern according to the essential
laws of order, and in this case unlimited power is requisite." On the approach of the Revolution
the same doctrine reappears, except in the substitution of one term for another term. In the
place of the sovereignty of the king the "Contrat social" substitutes the sovereignty of the
people. The latter, however, is much more absolute than the former, and, in the democratic
convent which Rousseau constructs, on Spartan and Roman model, the individual is nothing and
the State everything.

In effect, "the clauses of the social contract reduce themselves to one, namely, the total
transfer of each associate with all his rights to the community."[3420] Every one surrenders
himself entirely, "just as he stands, he and all his forces, of which his property forms a
portion." There is no exception nor reservation; whatever he may have been previously and whatever
may have belonged to him is no longer his own. Henceforth whatever he becomes or whatever he
may possess devolves on him only through the delegation of the social body, the universal proprietor
and absolute master. All rights must be vested in the State and none in the individual; otherwise
there would be litigation between them, and, "as there is no common superior to decide between
them" their litigation would never end. One the contrary, through the complete donation which
each one makes of himself, "the unity is as perfect as possible;" having renounced himself
"he has no further claim to make."

This being admitted let us trace the consequences.--

In the first place, I enjoy my property only through tolerance and at second-hand; for, according
to the social contract, I have surrendered it;[3421] "it now forms a portion of the national
estate;" If I retain the use of its for the time being it is through a concession of the State
which makes me a "depositary" of it. And this favor must not be considered as restitution.
"Far from accepting the property of individuals society despoils them of it, simply converting
the usurpation into a veritable right, the enjoyment of it into proprietorship." Previous to
the social contract I was possessor not by right but in fact and even unjustly if I had large
possessions; for, "every man has naturally a right to whatever he needs," and I have robbed
other men of all that I possessed beyond my subsistence. Hence, so far from the State being
under obligation to me, I am under obligation to it, the property which it returns to me not
being mine but that with which the State favors me. It follows, accordingly, that the State
may impose conditions on its gift, limit the use I may make of it, according to its fancy,
restrict and regulate my disposition of it, my right to bequeath it. "According to nature,[3422]
the right of property does not extend beyond the life of its owner; the moment he dies his
possessions are no longer his own. Thus, to prescribe the conditions on which he may dispose
of it is really less to change his right in appearance than to extend it in effect." In any
event as my title is an effect of the social contract it is precarious like the contract itself;
a new stipulation suffices to limit it or to destroy it.
