The speculations on which the system of counter-balance is founded are of fanciful imaginations. . Let the government have a full comprehension of its duties and be left free. Restricting the central power, the economists are desirous of extending its action. Only in destroying what is left of the old regions are still interfering with it,instead of setting up new dikes,. In the place of the sovereignty of the king the "Contrat social" substitutes the sovereignty of the people. The State must govern according to the essential laws of order, " On the approach of the Revolution the same doctrine reappears, except in the substitution of one term for another term. The individual is nothing and the State is everything. The latter, however, is much more absolute than the former, in the democratic convent which Rousseau constructs, on Spartan and Roman model. 

The clauses of the social contract reduce themselves to one, namely, the total transfer of each associate with all his rights to the community.In effect, "."[3420] Every one surrenders himself entirely, "just as he stands, he and all his forces, of which his property forms a portion." There is no exception nor reservation. Whatever  have been previously belonged to him is no longer his own. Whatever he becomes or whatever he may possess devolves on him only through the delegation of the social body. The universal proprietor and absolute master.As there is no common superior to decide between them, All rights to be vested in the State and none in the individual. otherwise there would be litigation between them, and,  their litigation would never end. One the contrary, through the complete donation which each one makes of himself. The unity is as perfect as possible, having renounced himself, he has no further claim to make.


This being admitted let us trace the consequences.--

I enjoy my property only through tolerance and at second-hand, first of all. According to the social contract, I have surrendered it;[3421] "it now forms a portion of the national estate;" If I retain the use of its for the time being it is through a concession of the State which makes me a "depositary" of it. This favor must not be considered as restitution. Far from accepting the property of individuals society despoils them of it, simply converting the usurpation into a veritable right, the enjoyment of it into proprietorship. Previous to the social contract I was possessor not by right but in fact and even  if I had large possessions; for, "every man has naturally a right to whatever he needs," and I have robbed other men of all that I possessed beyond my subsistence. Hence, so far from the State being under obligation to me, I am under obligation to it, the property which it returns to me not being mine but that with which the State favors me. It follows, accordingly, that the State may impose conditions on its gift, limit the use I may make of it, according to its fancy, restrict and regulate my disposition of it, my right to bequeath it. "According to nature,[3422] the right of property does not extend beyond the life of its owner; the moment he dies his possessions are no longer his own. Thus, to prescribe the conditions on which he may dispose of it is really less to change his right in appearance than to extend it in effect." In any event as my title is an effect of the social contract it is precarious like the contract itself; a new stipulation suffices to limit it or to destroy it.
