Oh, ma'am, you may trust him to me safely.  Young men should
see Life!"  Here Jasper tipped Lionel one of those knowing winks with which he was accustomed
to delight and ensnare the young friends of Mr. Poole, and hurried on: "But in an innocent
way, ma'am, such as mothers would approve.  We'll fix an evening for it when I have the honour
to call again.  Good morning, Mrs. Haughton.  Your hand again, sir (to Lionel).  Ah, we shall
be great friends, I guess!  You must let me take you out in my cab; teach you to handle the
ribbons, eh?  'Gad, my old friend Charles was a whip.  Ha! Ha!  Goodday, good-day!"

Not a muscle had moved in the Colonel's face during Mr. Losely's jovial monologue.  But when
Jasper had bowed himself out, Mrs. Haughton, courtesying, and ringing the bell for the footman
to open the street- door, the man of the world (and, as a man of the world, Colonel Morley
was consummate) again raised those small slow eyes,--this time towards her face,--and dropped
the words,

"My old friend's particular friend is--not bad looking, Mrs. Haughton!"

"And so lively and pleasant," returned Mrs. Haughton, with a slight rise of colour, but no
other sign of embarrassment.  "It may be a nice acquaintance for Lionel."

"Mother!" cried that ungrateful boy, "you are not speaking seriously? I think the man is odious.
If he were not my father's friend, I should say he was--"

"What, Lionel?" asked the Colonel, blandly, "was what?"

"Snobbish, sir."

"Lionel, how dare you?"  exclaimed Mrs. Haughton.  "What vulgar words boys do pick up at school,
Colonel Morley."

"We must be careful that they do not pick up worse than words when they leave school, my dear
madam.  You will forgive me, but Mr. Darrell has so expressly--of course, with your permission--commended
this young gentleman to my responsible care and guidance; so openly confided to me his views
and intentions,--that perhaps you would do me the very great favour not to force upon him,
against his own wishes, the acquaintance of --that very good-looking person."

Mrs. Haughton pouted, and kept down her rising temper.  The Colonel began to awe her.

"By the by," continued the man of the world, "may I inquire the name of my old friend's particular
friend?"

"His name? upon my word I really don't know it.  Perhaps he left his card; ring the bell, Lionel."

"You don't know his name, yet you know him, ma'am, and would allow your son to see LIFE under
his auspices!  I beg you ten thousand pardons; but even ladies the most cautious, mothers the
most watchful, are exposed to--"

"Immense temptations,--that is--to--to--"

"I understand perfectly, my dear Mrs. Haughton."

The footman appeared.  "Did that gentleman leave a card?"

"No, ma'am."

"Did not you ask his name when he entered?"

"Yes, ma'am, but he said he would announce himself."  When the footman had withdrawn, Mrs.
Haughton exclaimed piteously, "I have been to blame, Colonel; I see it.  But Lionel will tell
you how I came to know the gentleman,--the gentleman who nearly ran over me, Lionel, and then
spoke so kindly about your dear father."

"Oh, that is the person!--I supposed so," cried Lionel, kissing his mother, who was inclined
to burst into tears.  "I can explain it all now, Colonel Morley.  Any one who says a kind word
about my father warms my mother's heart to him at once; is it not so, Mother dear?"

"And long be it so," said Colonel Morley, with grateful earnestness; "and may such be my passport
to your confidence, Mrs. Haughton.  Charles was my old schoolfellow,--a little boy when I and
Darrell were in the sixth form; and, pardon me, when I add, that if that gentleman were ever
Charles Haughton's particular friend, he could scarcely have been a very wise one.
