Oh, Madam, you can trust him to me safely. Young men should look at life! "Here Lionel Jasper tip one of those winks of intelligence with which he was accustomed to delight and catch the young friends of Mr. Poole, and hurried on:" But somehow innocent, lady, as mothers would approve. Let's set a night when I have the honor to call again. Good morning, Mrs. Haughton. His hand again, Mr. (Lionel). Ah, we are great friends, I guess! You have to let me take you out to my cabin to handle the tapes show, eh? "Gad, my old friend Charles was a whip. Ha! Ha! Goodday, good morning!"

Not a muscle moved on the face of Colonel during the jovial monologue Mr. Losely. But when Jasper had bowed out, Mrs. Haughton, courtesying, and ringing the bell for the servant to open the front door, the man in the world (and, as a worldly man, Colonel Morley was consummated) returned a little slow to raise those eyes, - this time to the face - and dropped words

"My friend in particular is an old friend - not bad looking, Mrs. Haughton!"

"And so alive and so nice," Mrs. Haughton said, with a slight increase in color, but no other sign of embarrassment. "It can be a pleasant known Lionel.

"Mother!" Exclaimed the ungrateful boy, "you're not serious?" I think the man is odious. If it was not a friend of my father, I say it was - "

"What, Lionel?" The colonel asked, softly, "was what?"

"Lord snob."

"Lionel, how dare you?" Cried Mrs. Haughton. "What curse words kids are excited at the school, Colonel Morley."

"We must be careful not worse than pick up the words when they leave school, my dear lady. You will forgive me, but Mr. Darrell has explicitly - of course, with your permission - this young gentleman commended my stewardship and guidance , so I openly confessed his views and intentions - that maybe it would do me the great favor to force upon him, against his will, the knowledge - very pretty person. "

Mrs. Haughton pouted, and held until his temper rising. The Colonel began to wonder.

"Certainly," continued the man in the world "," I can ask the name of the particular friend of my old friend? "

"Your name?" On my word I really do not know. Maybe he left his card, ring the bell, Lionel. "

"I do not know his name, but you know, ma'am, and allow your child to see life under its auspices! I beg ten thousand pardons, but are even more cautious ladies, the most attentive mothers exposed to - "

"Immense Temptations - ie - a - a -"

"I understand perfectly, my dear Mrs. Haughton."

The footman appeared. "That gentleman leave a card?"

"No, ma'am. "

"Do not ask your name when he came in?"

"Yes, ma'am, but he said he would announce. "When the footman had retired, Mrs. Haughton said plaintively:" I have been the culprit, Colonel, I see it. But Lionel will tell you how I came to know the gentleman - the gentleman who almost ran over me, Lionel, and then spoke so kindly about her beloved father. "

"Oh, that's the person! - I suppose so," cried Albert, kissing his mother, who was willing to lie to mourn. "I can explain everything now, Colonel Morley. Anyone who says a kind word from my father warms the heart of my mother to him once, is not it, mother? "

"And as long as well," said Colonel Morley, seriously grateful, and may be my passport and your confidence, Mrs. Haughton. Charles was my old classmate - a child when I and Darrell were in the sixth shape, and, sorry, if I add that if this man once a close friend of Charles Haughton, he could not have been very successful.
