It is clear, we think, that those who have represent her as plunged headlong in a career of vice and dissipation, the companion of all that is low and trivial, have slandered similar her acts and her intentions. Like the rest of us, she is the child of her antecedents and surroundings. Her education was as exceptional as her character. Her marriage brought refusal moral influence to bear upon her. Her separation opened before her a new and strange way, never to be trodden by any with impunity. Yet we do not believe, that, in the most unwanted circumstances of her life, she ever long lost sight of its ideal object. We do not doubt that her zeal for human progress, her understanding for the wrongs of the race, and her distrust of existing institutions were deep and sincere. We do not doubt that she was devoted in friendship, disinterested in love, ardent in philanthropy. She has seen the poverty and insincerity of society; she has quarreled with what she calls the shams of sacred things, the merely conservative marriage, the God of bigotry and hypocrisy, the government of domination and fraud; but she ends by recognizing and demanding the marriage of heart, the God of enlightened faith, the government of order and progress. Responding to the dominant chord of the nineteenth century, she strove to exalt individuality on top of sociality, and passion above decorum in addition to usage. Nor would she allow any World's Congress of morals to settle the delicate limits between these opposing vital forces, between what we owe to ourselves and what we owe to others. If there be a divine of passion for which it is noble to suffer and sacrifice, there is also a deeper divine of duty, far transcend the other both in sacrifice and in reward. To this divine, too often obscured to all of us, her later life increasingly renders homage; and to its gentle redemption, our loving, pitying hearts--the more loving, the more pitying for her story--are glad to leave her. 
Ave, thou long laborious! Ave, thou worker of wonders, thou embalmer of things most fleeting, most precious, so sealed in thy amber, 
"That Nature yet remembers what was so fugitive!" 
Thou hast wrought a lot of a picture of wild and guilty passion,--yet methinks thou didst always paint the mean as mean, the kind as generous. Nobler stories, too, thou hast told, and thy Consuelo is as pure as holy charity and lofty art could make her. They complain that, in the world of thy creations, women are sublime and men weak; may not these things, then, be seen and judged for once through woman's eyes? Much harm hast thou done? Nay, that can only God know. They misquote thee, who veil a life of low intrigue with high-flown dicta borrowed as of thy works. Thou art not of their sort,--or, if it be indeed thee they seek to imitate, 
"Deceit exemplar vitas imitable." 
Thy faults have attracted them, not the virtues that redeem them. Shake you free of such, and with those who have loved much, and to whom much has been forgiven, go in peace! The shades of the Poets will greet thee as they greeted Dante and Virgil, when, thyself a shade, thou guest towards them. The heart that fainted at Francesca's sorrows will not refuse a throb to thane. For there is a gallery of great women, great with and without sin, where thou must sit, between Sappho and Cleopatra, the Magdalene thy neighbor,--nor yet removed wholly out of sight the Mother of the Great pardon of God. 
* * * * * 
HAIR-CHAINS. 
It was really a wonderful ball! The host had determined so as to his entertainment should minister to all the sanity of his guests, and had succeeded so well that there was only room to regret there were but five senses to be gratified. 

HAIR-CHAIN
It was really a wonderful ball! The host had determined so as to his entertainment should minister to all the sanity of his guests, and had succeeded so well that there was only room to regret there were but five senses to be gratified.
