At the appointed hour, too, we went to the office of the coach and saw the arrival of the machine which contained him and his lovely Baroness. 
Those who have frequented the society of gentlemen of his profession (and more delicious?) Should be aware that, when the rest of humanity looks horrible, dirty, angry, sad, after an hour forty-trip coach , appears as a gay Bagman and spruce as when you started, having been in it a thousand little conveniences for the trip, travelers who neglect common. Pogson had a little portable toilet, which had not failed to take advantage, and with his curly long blond hair flowing under a seal-skin cap with a tassel of gold, with a silk handkerchief, blue and gold a crimson velvet waistcoat, a light green coat cross-section, a pair of pants brickdust prescribed color and a neat waterproof, presented together, so elegant and distingue appearance as anyone could want. She had on a clean collar at breakfast, and a couple of white boys to enter the barrier, and looked, as he rushed into my arms, more like a man out of a hat, a descendant of a vehicle that has just perform one of the laziest, most boring most flat, stale, dirty travel in Europe. 

To my surprise, there were two ladies in the car with my friend, not one, as I had expected. One of them, a strong woman, carrying sundry baskets, bags, umbrellas and women's coats, was evidently a maid, the other black, was just a Pogson, of course. I could see a gleam of curl on a sallow face, - a dark hat flapping in the curl, - but these were hidden by a veil of lace and a huge velvet hat, of which birds coronation-paradise where obviously in a state of mute. He was locked in many shawls and wrappers, and she put it, hesitant, a little walk of transport - Pogson was by her side in an instant, and, gallantly putting one of his white kids around the waist, with the help of this creature interesting to descend. I saw on your walk, which was five and forty years, and my little Pogson was a lost man. 

After a brief parliament among them - which was lovely to hear how my friend Samuel was about to speak, what he called French, a woman who could not understand a word of his jargon - rental cars developed mutual, Baroness waved the French captain bowed gracefully. "Adyou!" Said Samuel, and waved his lily hand. "Adyou-addimang." 

A brisk little gentleman, who had made the trip in the same car with Pogson, but had more modestly to the background in the Imperial, which here happens to us, and greeted me with a "How are you?" He has assumed its own small suitcase, and walked off, scattering a cloud of commissioners, who would gladly have saved him the trouble. 

"You know that chapter?" Pogson says, "surly fellow, right?" 

"The kindest man in existence," he replied, "All the world knows little Major British." 

"It's a Major, right? - Why, that's the man who dined with us; Killyax is fortunately not call me the captain before him, could not have liked, you know, "and then Sam fell into a dream - what was the object of his thoughts soon appeared. 

"Have you ever seen a foot and ankle?" Said Sam, after sitting for some time, regardless of the novelty of the scene, his hands in his pockets, deep in thought. 

"Is not it a slap-up woman, eh, now?" continued, "and began listing its attractions, like a horse-rider that the points of a pet. 

"You seem to have gone long enough and I said," with the promise of his visit tomorrow. " 

"A good length? - I believe you. Leave me alone for that."
