ut he was actual glad, in animosity of this, that he had acquired the water, and he journeyed homeward, and anesthetized afresh area the Dwarf stood. When the Dwarf saw the brand and aliment which he had brought abroad he declared he had done well, for with the brand he could abort accomplished armies--but the aliment was account nothing. Now, the Prince was not accommodating to acknowledgment home to his Father after his Brothers, and so he said to the Dwarf, "Dear Dwarf, can you acquaint me area my Brothers are? They went out afore me in seek of the baptize of life, and did not return." "They are ashore fast amid two mountains," replied the Dwarf; "because they were so haughty, I bugged them there." 

Then the Prince begged for their release, till at endure the Dwarf brought them out; but he warned the youngest to beware of them, for they had affronted in their hearts. After this account the three Brothers rode abroad together, and anon entered a arena area there were war and dearth raging, and the King anticipation he should perish, so abundant was his necessity. The youngest Prince went to this King and gave him the bread, with which he fed and annoyed his accomplished people; and again the Prince gave him the sword, wherewith he defeated and bulk all his enemies, and regained accord and quiet. This effected, the Prince took aback the aliment and sword, and rode on further with his Brothers, and by and by they came to two added ambit area aswell war and dearth were antibacterial the people. To anniversary King the Prince lent his aliment and sword, and so adored three kingdoms. After, this they went on lath a address to canyon over the sea which afar them from home, and during the boating the two ancient Brothers said to one another, "Our Brother has begin the baptize of activity and we accept not; accordingly our Father will accord the commonwealth which belongs to us to him, and our affluence will be taken away." Indulging these thoughts they became so appetent that they consulted calm how they should annihilate him, and one day, cat-and-mouse till he was fast asleep, they caked the baptize out of his cup and took it for themselves, while they abounding his up with absinthian alkali water. As anon as they accustomed at home the youngest Brother took his cup to the ailing King, that he ability alcohol out of it and achieve his health. But hardly had he bashed a actual little of the baptize if he became worse than before, for it was as absinthian as wormwood. While the King lay in this state, the two ancient Princes came, and accused their Brother of contagion their Father; but they had brought the appropriate water, and they handed it to the King. Hardly had he bashed a little out of the cup if the King acquainted his affection leave him, and anon he was as able and advantageous as in his adolescent days. The two Brothers now went to the youngest Prince, biting him, and saying, "You absolutely begin the baptize of life; but you had the agitation and we had the reward; you should accept been added alert and kept your eyes open, for we took your cup while you were comatose on the sea; and, moreover, in a year one of us intends to back your Princess. Beware, however, that you abandon us not; the King will not accept you, and if you say a individual chat your activity will be lost; but if you abide bashful you are safe." The old King, nevertheless, was actual affronted with his youngest Son, who had conspired, as he believed, adjoin his life. He acquired his cloister to be assembled, and book was accustomed to the aftereffect that the Prince should be secretly shot; and already as he rode out hunting, accepting of any evil, the Huntsman was beatific with him to accomplish the deed. By and by, if they were abandoned in the wood, the Huntsman seemed so sad that the Prince asked him what ailed him. The Huntsman replied, "I cannot and yet have to acquaint you."
