This HIT requires JavaScript! Please activate JavaScript before continuing, or release the HIT.

Once there was a kingdom, in which there is a prince and he had brothers. He went out in search of his brothers. The prince was not willing to return home to his father without his brothers .He was in search of his brothers where he have seen a dwarf  and they left the kingdom in search of water and food. He was very happy, that he had secured water ,and he is moving home and passed again where the dwarf  stood. The dwarf have seen the sword and bread which was brought by him and  stated that he had made it well ,by using the sword he could  destruct the total armies-but the bread cost nothing.

The prince was asking the dwarf” Dear dwarf  can you show me where my brothers are? They went out in front of me in search of water of life and didn’t return. “They have been stucked between mountains ,said the dwarf. They were  so imperious and I enchanted them there.”

The prince begged the dwarf for there release, but gave warning to the younger brother about them as they have evil in their hearts. After this story was completed the three brothers went away ,and soon entered a state where there was war and the king thought he should go, there was urgent necessity. The youngest prince went there to the king and gave him bread, with which  he fed and the total people were satisfied  his people and the sword was got by the prince and thereby he defeated all the enemies and peace was all over there in the kingdom. After this they are traveling on a ship to pass over the sea thereby they left home. During the journey the two elder brothers  said that” Our brother have found  the water of life and we didn’t find that ,our father will give the kingdom which belongs to us to him and our future will be destroyed”.They planned of killing the king.One day they brought  salt water instead of water when his father was fast asleep and  accused his brother  of poisoning their father,but they had brought  the right water ,and handed it to the king .his father praised them though water of life was brought by the prince.The brothers are saying that you have found the water of life but we got the reward, they said that they have theft the water when he was asleep at the sea and in one year one of us are going to fetch the princess. Whatever you say the king will not  believe you and if you say about us you will loss your life ,but if you are silent you are out of danger. the king was very angry on his youngest son ,who did wrong things as he believed him .he was submitted to court and was sentenced that the prince should be shot secretly. The huntsman was ordered to do the work. When Huntsman were alone in the wood ,they are so sad that the prince questioned him that what ailed him. The Huntsman gave the reply as “I cannot tell you  but I should.”
