In turn is brought blue and white calicoes, Indian piece goods, Indian prints, silk scarves and a red cotton yarn, silk yarn, beads, incense, copper wire, and zinc.

In two weeks, rolled away the hurt this horrible place, which was named Alliot Amba, when the call came from the monarch of the formal words: - "Tarry not, by day, nor ye stay overnight in the heart longeth father to see his children, and that he would not disappointed. "

Now they have moved through the country in a romantic beauty to Machalwan, the place appointed for the interview. Responsible for the Abyssinian embassy, now sent forward to obtain the authorization of fire cannon salute by the 2001 arrival of the regiment at the royal residence. This demand seems to be alarmed by His Majesty in no small degree. Most romantic reports of ammunition had gone before them. It was now felt that their discharge is sufficient to allow the fire to the ground to the rocks shiver, and pull down the mountain fastnesses. Men would come with "power leg" who serve this huge engines, and alert the security of his palace, capital, and treasures, suspicious monarch has peremptorily insisted on retaining the desired license until he had seen the battery "with his own eyes." It rained constantly during the night, which was held prior to the date of presentation, and until morning broke out when a large amount of white mist rose from the deep valleys and the wolf as a scene-curtain across the summit of the giant Mamrat. The whole crowd now began to ascend the mountain, and as they approached within sight of the stockaded castle, a fire began to escort him matchlocks. The view here is described as very nice, and giving some of the concepts of the various vegetation of tropical luxury. The farm buildings, fields of rich, foaming cascades, and the bright green meadows covered with flowers, met the eye on each side, and above all towered the great Abyssinian range of a few thousand feet perpendicularly above the head of the summits crested with clouds. Spectator crowd was huge, and was repelled only by the strokes of the bamboo. Long large tent was pitched Embassy reception, the floor was strewed with health, Myrtle, and other aromatic shrubs and weather, having stated that "the mission, the radiation of plumes and gold embroidery, he moved on." As they reached the precincts of the castle, artillery fired in salute, which is equally awed and surprised many, discharge, followed by shouts general is a native speaker - "Excellent English Well done, well done!"

After a number of additional downtime, they entered the reception hall. It was round and bright. High walls gleamed with a profusion of silver jewelry, emblazoned shields matchlocks and double-barreled guns. Persian carpets and rugs of all sizes, colors and patterns on the floor and driving the crowds, chiefs and officers, the court of their holiday attire, standing posture tribute, opened on the Strip. Two large alcoves fell on both sides, one of which blazed cheerful wood fire, struck by the indolent cats, while the other, a flowered satin Ottoman, surrounded by slaves and minors withered leaves, and supports gay velvet cushions, adopt "His most Christian majesty, Sahel Selassie! " Dech Agulari (State doorman,) as the master of ceremonies, was standing by the bar of green rushes, to keep an exact distance access fees, and the British entered and made their bows, pointed to the chairs, which are done, had commanded that all should be charged.

The monarch was not listed in this worthy pomp.
