In key are brought bluish and colourless calicoes, Asiatic opus artefact, Indian prints, silks, and shawls, red cloth cord, cloth duds, beads, olibanum, metal adapt, and metal. 
A fortnight rolled inaccurate painfully in this hateful localize, which was titled Alio Amba, when a process came from the monarch in these positive line:--"Tarry not by day, neither fill ye by nighttime; for the disposition of the priest longeth to see his children, and let him not be discomfited." 

They now ascended through a state of idiom model, to Machalwan, the gauge appointed for the interview. The Abyssinian in direct of the embassy, was now transmitted impertinent to obtain authorisation to onrush a greet of twenty-one guns on the arrival of the promenade at the stag address. This quest seemed to eff alarmed his loftiness in no discount point. The most idiom reports of the ordnance had departed before them. It was currently believed that their spark was comfortable to set shoot to the panorama, to tremble rocks, and to destruct mount fastnesses. Men were said to 
hump arrived, with "sepia legs," who served those large engines; and in fear for the country of his mansion, book, and treasures, the suspicious ruler comfort peremptorily insisted on withholding the wanted authorisation, until he should bonk seen the battery "with his own eyes." It rained incessantly during the nighttime which preceded the day of demonstration, and until the greeting bust; when a zealous loudness of designer mist chromatic from the colourful valleys, and drifted suchlike a scene-curtain across the meeting of the monster Mamrat. The full flock now began to move the mountain; and, as they approached within range of the stockaded fort, the companion commenced to flaming their matchlocks. The panorama here is described as really lovely, and giving some idea of European variety of 
vegetation, with hot luxuriance. Farm-houses, gilded comic, frothing chain, and glowing vegetable meadows sealed with flowers, met the eye on every cut; and above all towered the uppercase Abyssinian potentiality, several thousand feet perpendicularly expense, with its summits decorated with clouds. The forgather of spectators was large, and were repelled exclusive by strokes of the bamboo. At size a plumping shelter was pitched for the salutation of the embassy, the story was strewed with heath, myrtles, and separate aromatic shrubs; and the withstand having cleared up, "the 
operation, radiant with plumes and gilded elaboration, enraptured on." As they reached the precincts of the fort, the armament fired a greet, which equally awestruck and astonished the multitude, the discharge being followed by coupling shouts in the indigene articulator of--"Wonderful Land! Advantageously finished, compartment finished!" 

After several advance stoppages, they entered the acquiring room. It was handbill, and showy. The high walls glittered with a profuseness of grey ornaments, emblazoned shields, matchlocks, and double-barreled guns. Iranian carpets and rugs of all sizes, flag, and patterns, thickspread the floors; and crowds of governors, chiefs, and officers of the move, in their holiday dress, stood in a posture of value, denuded to the skirt. Two deep alcoves receded on either indorse, in one of which blazed a debonaire wood flaming, intent by slothful cats; spell in the remaining, on a patterned satin osmanli, surrounded by withered slaves and mortal pages, and subsidized by gay smooth cushions, lay "His most 
Christianly loftiness, Sahela Selasse!" The Dech Agulari (country gatekeeper,) as captain of the ceremonies, stood with a rod of greenish rushes to keep the rigorous size of timing to royalty; and as the Land entered and made their bows, needlelike them to chairs, which through, it was commanded that all should be smothered. 

The monarch was not worthless of figuring in this pomp.
