A change was blue and white calicos, Indian piece goods, India prints, silks and shawls, red cotton, silk thread, pearls, incense, copper wire and zinc. 
Fifteen days rolling painfully In detestable, who was named Alio Amba, when he got a summons from the king in formal words: - "Stay not for days, or you stay at night because the father's heart that longs to see his children , and it will not be disappointed. " 

At present, rose by a landscape of romantic beauty to Machalwan, the place designated for the interview. The Abyssinian by the embassy, was sent forward to obtain permission to shoot a twenty one gun salute to the arrival of the troops in the royal residence. This request appears to have alarmed his majesty in any slight degree. The most romantic reports of the artifacts had gone before them. It is currently believed that his departure has been enough to set fire to the earth, shaking the rocks, and to dismantle outposts in the mountains. The men are said to have come with "feet of copper, which serves the huge engines, and alarm for the safety of his palace, capital, and treasure, the king is still suspicious peremptorily insisted on the retention of license desired, until the battery should be seen "with their eyes." It rained incessantly during the night preceding the day of presentation, and until the morning broke, when a large volume of white rose mist of the deep valleys, and left a scene of shade on the top of the giant Mamrat. All the troops began to climb the mountain, and as they approached the fence view of the palace, the guard began to fire their muskets. The view here is described as very nice, and give some idea of the European variety of vegetation, with tropical luxuriance. Rural tourism, rich fields, sparkling waterfalls and bright green meadows covered with flowers, met with an eye on each side, and above all rose the large range of Abyssinia, several thousand feet perpendicularly from above, with their summits crowned clouds. The crowd of spectators was immense, and were only repelled by the blows of the bamboo. Finally, a large tent was pitched for the reception of the embassy, the floor was strewn with health, myrtles, and other aromatic shrubs, and while stating, "the mission, radiant with feathers and gold embroidery, and went on . Upon reaching the precincts of the palace, the artillery fired a salute, which also amazed and astonished the crowd, the universal compliance to be followed by screams in the native language - "Wonderful English! Well done, well done! "

After several stops, they entered the reception hall. It was circular, and colorful. The lofty walls glittered with a profusion of silver ornaments, emblazoned shields, muskets and pistols of two guns. Persian carpets and rugs of all sizes, colors and patterns, covering the ground and crowds of governors, chiefs and court officials in their holiday attire, standing in a posture of respect, not covered to the waist . Two large bedrooms on each side retreated, one of which blazed a cheerful wood fire, worried about lazy cats, while in the other, on an ottoman in satin flowers, surrounded by slaves and faded pages of minors, with the support of gay velvet cushions, lay "His Majesty the majority of Christians, Sahel Selasse! "The Agulari Dech (keeper of the state) as master of ceremonies, was left with a green cane rod to keep the exact distance of approach to the royalty, and as the British came and made their bows, said that the chairs, After that, he ordered that all should be covered. 

The monarch was not worthy of inclusion in this pomp.
