A second and no less admirable compendium of data for tourists in the Jura, is the, so-called, "Lectures Jurassiennes," a little work amassed for elementary schools, but in truth "Half-hours with the best Franc-Comtois authors," who heal of the general characteristics, goods, weather, &c., of the Jura, as well as of the people; their famous lore, customs of life, and general characteristics. A charming little capacity this, giving routes from Lamartine, who just missed being a native of the Jura himself, from Xavier Marinier, scribe of "Souvenirs of Franche-Comte," and from Charles Nodier, that gifted and charming author, to who the very title of his native province was a illusion magic charm, awakening all types of happy and blazing recollections. Those who find amusement in a well liked chronicled innovative may confer "Le Medecin des Pauvres," in which they will find delineations of the most loving view of the Jura, interspersed with thrilling incidents. For botanists, there is an admirable Handbook, in two volumes, "La Flore Jurassienne," to be discovered in every village by the way; finally, for exceptional data, "Roussel's Dictionnaire Geographique, Historique, et Statistique;" these two last may be conferred in any localized library by the way. Students of geology will find helpful data in Joanne's little "Geographies Departementales." Excellent charts are to be had everywhere. Real lovers of publications, although, will content themselves with the charming writings of Charles Nodier, and to this fascinating story-teller I am indebted, not only for numerous charming hours in my study, but for the delight of journeying in Franche-Comte myself, and after inserting it to my country-people. Of him, bard, novelist, as of a detractor, naturalist, philologist, essayist, still more illustrious author of our own, it might be said, "Nihil tetigit quod non ornavit." 
The annals of Franche-Comte, which M. Castan devotes in a nutshell, may be substantially simplified by next his partition into periods. Beginning thus from the soonest time span down to the present time. The next are the primary details, simplified by this historic arrangement. 

1st Period. Sequanian. 115-147 B.C.--The province successively called Sequania, Haute Bourgogne, Comte de Bourgogne and Franche-Comte--of which the bigger piece really types the three Departments of the Jura, Haute Saone, and the Doubs--was early identified as one of the most significant strategical and natural partitions of very vintage Gaul. The Sequani, by way of paying them for their help contrary to the Cimbri and Teutons, were obtained as associates and partners of the Roman people. When Caesar went into upon his conquests, he discovered two competitor parties in Gaul, the Aedui and the Sequani, the last cited, being demoralised by Ariovistus, besought his aid. Caesar vanquished Ariovistus, and took up his winter-quarters in the Sequanian territory, 56 B.C. The general increasing of Gaul was quelled after seven years' labour, and the submit of the heroic Auvergnat head, Vercingetorix, at Alesia--according to some administration, Alaise in Franche-Comte, to other ones, Alise la Reine, in Auvergne. This occurred in 47 B.C. (see Julius Caesar's "Gallic War.") 

II. Roman Period, 47 B.C. 407 A.D. The Roman Emperors now tried, in so far as likely, to denationalize the very vintage kingdom of the Gauls, changing not only regulations and dialect, but manners and customs. Roman gods took the location of so-called Druidic rites. Roman streets disperse like a net-work all through the homeland, sumptuous edifices were erected at Vesontio (Besancon), and Epomanduodarum (Maudeure, Doubs). The thermal and ferruginous jumps of Luxovium (Luxueil), and Salinae (Salins), captivated the Roman world of fashion.
