A second and no less admirable collection of information for travelers in Jura, is so called, "Lecture Jurassiennes," compiled a small primary school to work, but in reality half-hour with the best writers Franc-Comtois, " the general features, products, climate, Jura's C, as well as people, their great learning, life habits, and general characteristics and different treatment. This is a delightful little volume, Lamartine, who just missed being himself a native of Jura Xavier Marinier, "Franche-Comte of the passages from the author giving souvenirs" and Charles Nodier, the talented and fascinating writer, to whom the very name of his native province was a magic spell, awakening all sorts of joy and glowing recollections. Find a popular pastime in the historical novel "Le Medecin des Pauvres counseling, which they most romantic scenery of the Jura with delineations exciting events interspersed, can be found. For botanists, there are two versions of an admirable book, "La Flore Jurassienne be found by the way in every city," Finally, for specific information, "said Russell Dictionnaire Geographique, Historique, et Statistique," These are the two last May any way consulted in local libraries. Geology student Joanne Little "geographic Departementales will find useful information." Excellent maps are to be everywhere. Real lover of literature, however, Charles Nodier own stationery with delightful, and the fascinating story teller I owe many delightful hours in their study not only for me, but the Franche-Comte to enjoy the journey itself, and later introduced it to the people of our country. He, poet, critic, naturalist, linguist, novelist as essayist, his own still more brilliant writer, it could be called "Nihil tetigit ornavit quod non.”

Franche-Comte, M. Castan, which briefly gives the history, much time, can be simplified by following their team. The earliest period down to the present time, so start. The following key facts, the historical system are simple.

1 period  Sequanian 115-147 BC - Called serial Sequania Province, Haute Bourgogne, Comte de Bourgogne and Franche-Comte - - which is really three large portion Jura, Haute Saone, Doubs department forms and was quickly recognized as one of the most important strategic and natural ancient French of divisions. Cimbri and Teutons against them for their support through rewarding Sequani, as friends and allies of the Romans were achieved. When Caesar entered her triumph, the French, Aedui and Sequani, after being found Ariovistus humbled by two rival groups, his support besought. Caesar defeated Ariovistus, and Sequanian area, 56 BC Took their winter quarters in Gaul growing normally seven years' struggle, after the surrender of Vercingetorix at Alesia and heroic Auvergnat leading some officials - was quelled, Franche-Comte in the Alaise, for others, Alise la Reine, In Auvergne. The 47 BC Occurred in (Julius Caesar "Gallic War. See")

II. Roman period, 47 BC 407 AD Roman Emperor now as far as possible, Gauls of the ancient kingdom to denationalize, not only tried to change laws and language, but manners and customs. Roman gods of the so-called Druidic rites took place. Roman roads spread across the country like a network work, built sumptuous edifices Vesontio (BESANCON) were, and Epomanduodarum (Maudeure, Doubs). Luxovium the thermal springs and scaly (Luxueil), and Salinae (Salins), attracted Roman world of fashion.
