In fact, during the four days immediately preceding the disaster, a strong wind blew, and a sea so heavy followed the Ramillies, which was always necessary to keep the wind in her room, rarely more than the spirit of sailing up on the bow mast, sail and sometimes not at all, which stated that she would go at a rate of six miles per hour. Whenever the main-top-gallant-sail was set in the stump of the mizzen commonly complain too much, so that it can generate the bow very difficult, and yet taken place, provided it could be, in order to maintain the rate of merchant ships, the slowest of which was almost as fast under his stick. 
Even in the management of Ramillies thus rolled prodigiously, and as she grew clearer every day that his movement became more uncomfortable, so that men could hardly bear to work, or keep your legs without something to grasps. There was no such thing as real to them rest, when sitting or lying on the deck, nor the strength enough to eat or drink to be sure, no meat could be dressed, or any man or officer to go to bed. Until the afternoon of day 20 was not daring to carry it, even for a boat to board, but, despite this desperate situation, when some fell per hour through the fatigue and lack of sleep, and covers were covered with water, the entire crew behaved with extreme obedience, care and sobriety, and sent no effort to preserve the ship. 

After their separation in progress, the officers, which were distributed with the crew between the Jamaica-men, had orders, respectively, to deliver them to the first man of war or the offer must comply with, and give known to the Secretary of the Admiralty, for as soon as possible its procedures. A pendant was hoisted on board the Belle, by way of distinction, which could, if possible, ahead of the rest. Some of the exchanges with her, and others made the best of his way, he feared that soon should be less than those provisions, as there were many to feed. 

The transport of silver eel, which had sailed from Bluefields to the sick of the fleet of Sir George Rodney, and was under the command of a lieutenant in the navy, had been ordered to keep near Ramillies. That ship was due in part on September 21, the day of its destruction, and as a result of several deaths in the passage was not enough space for the receipt of all who were sick or maimed now, and was accused by both, with them being adequately prepared for their accommodation. 

The silver eel Admiral separated in latitude 42 48 N / longitude 45 19 W. after seeing the Ramillies demolished, and ordered to make for the port first met Falmouth on 06 October in the afternoon of the day, a commercial vessel, with a midshipman and sixteen crew the Ramillies, reached Plymouth. Another of the same convoy, having on board another part of the crew, the captain and first lieutenant, anchored in the same place before dawn the next morning. Canada, however, after having served their maximum speed, a priori, all these, 4 of the same month arrived at Portsmouth, where it spread the news of the spread of this miserable fleet, which is transmitted to France, his corsairs immediately into the sea in the hope of those prizes. Some of the Jamaica-men, with part of the crew of the Ramillies, fell into their hands, two of the West East Indiamen were captured in the view of the Belle, but she herself to the admiral and thirty-three of its crew, arrived safely, albeit separately, in the October 10 at the port of Cork, where he was the frigate Myrmidon.
