"I do not know, I do, I always talk to a lot of books. When the Son of Squire 'Christmas - Bird regret the good, and they're always glad to gather round the festlebord comes." 

I started biteulbogohagi. "You 'means the board of the festival'?" 

"That's what I wot sed, 'Em" 

I am the son of Squire, as well as you'd let on. "Well, you get one, Elizabeth, have, I'm going to see that night, but unfortunately, the only person I know who does not repent - not yet. And now I would like to invite one friend said." 

He is "my brother, - Lor 'Yeah, well, kind of like -' er I 'aven't speakin' terms were together five years - but she should not. 'Do not come my friends; the arter her sed about me, my young cousin of the things - sorcy Let luggage, my aunt about two arter way they have me under the same roof does not set up as a bridge ---- " 

"You do not invite people to worry about," I broke in, "We do not need a list of them. Who want to come?" 

"Well, ma'am, lighthouse pool of catfish - a real nice lady, you know, 'Em, Then, in the chef's wot life sister ouse red corner Poly arsk the' Would the air; 'Mary Bexar is.' My crew is such a good brother, 'the first time in 10 years? you can' have an e, 'or' e-mail was not good around the world to come twice. " 

"Well, Elizabeth, and he certainly ought to invite. He has also returned home to repent one, you can enjoy the proper style of the festival will be on board." 

"Oh, okay, luverly it's not, did not do it 'Dogs Christmas. Wot we have a' time wot Ave beano is it time to!" 

* * * * * Of 

For my part, I can not pass a very Merry Christmas. Henry's aunt invited us to the rich, but she's also boring, and found myself envying Elizabeth rather several times. Aunt Jane in her chair, while I nodded, Henry, Elizabeth and her friends, and their infinite joy, their suppression of the wild revels of fun, I've been. We are brothers, so the crew round, he had known for a long miracle story of each country as a wonderful pleasure to hear them, tell them to imagine the gathering was. Henry sighed, and then the so-called lower classes, he enjoyed writing, they would tend capacity. 

Elizabeth returns home to face that we send our greetings. "I 'ope you' ad a good time," she said, "I 'ad I know." 

"So it's really you, Elizabeth, I think it was good?" 

"It was a first-class, 'Em, well, at least orl arter night of drinking tea, we chippin' the beginning and end of each 'avin' went up in a few words. My crew - my brother 'Polly' sounds about red 'chaffin start by She ORF, why not stop the air 'arskin' and 'she' said the Messenger, the 'red' She wondered e 'did not cut off his nose, this objection e'd ORF. Arter led only difference is there might be our side an 'said ---- " 

"Oh, Elizabeth, you argue, do not mean to say?" I interrupted sorrowfully. 

"Oh, no, that quarrellin ',' me - just bargin 'No, you know. Any'ow it to Polly' Mary 'out my brother ended early. Owin wife was indifferent to the Lighthouse Pools' and' uh 'avin' She does not believe that my crew - my brother 'in LA less than Wapping to add a coal barge. I'm not' Ave a 're talking about a fish dinner' if the book 'and' It has brought us together again, like kind. " 

"What book?" I asked bewildered. 

"Manner O 'speakin' of my work with you one on 'em five, the book wot! Some ghost stories. I said,' I cried and then laughed about it later. So did his wife spurge. You read the bits that we have for each other - kep it up at 3 this morning to see, and we did. It was luverly! " 

"And what a book called that?" I asked. 

"It's Christmas Car'l, 'or, as by Mr. DICKINGS. It afore me about why I did not say no? Not that far away - and better pictures.
