"I don't know, missy, but there's always a lot about it in the books. When the Squire's son comes home repentant at Christmas-tide they always gathers round a festlebord and rejoices."

I began to see light. "You mean a 'big board?"

"That's what I said, 'missy."

"Well, you shall have one, Mary, I'll see to that. I'd let you have a Squire's son as well, but unfortunately the only ones I know are not repentant--as of yet. And now you tell me which of your friends you would like to invite."

"There's my sister, I think. I haven't been on speakin' terms with for five years--but she can't. And my friend isn't comin'; I'll see to that arter the things she said about me to my young man's cousin--sorcy baggage! As for my two aunts they don't set foot under the same roof as me arter the way"

"Never mind about the people you're not inviting," I broke in; "we don't need a list of them. Who do you want to come?"

"Well, there's Mrs. Spurge, the real nice lady, as you know, missy. Then I'd like to ask Polly, the sister of the cook that lives in the house at the corner with red air; an there's Claire Morgan. An' isn't it lucky my sailor-brother will be home for the first time in ten years? Can he come too, missy? 'He's been round the world twice."

"In that case, Mary, he certainly ought to be invited. He may even have returned home repentant, so you will be able to rejoice at the festal board in proper style."

"Oh, missy, isn't it luverly? I won't have a beano this Christmas. What a time we'll have, what a time!"

* * * * *

For my part I did not pass a very blithesome Christmas. Charle's aunt, who invited us, is rich, but she is also dull, and several times I found myself rather envying Mary. While Aunt Jane nodded in her chair, Charles and I pictured those boisterous revels of Mary and her friends, their boundless mirth, their unrestrained gaiety. We imagined them too gathered round the sailor-brother, listening with rapt delight as he told them stories of the far-off wonder-lands he had known. Charles sighed then and said there were times when he envied the so-called lower classes their capacity for enjoyment.

When we returned home Mary greeted us with beaming countenance. "I hope you had a good time," she said; "I know I had."

"Then it really was as nice as you thought it would be, Mary?"

"It was first-rate, missy. Leastways orl went well until arter dinner, when we begins chippin' each other and ends in 'avin' a few words. My sailor-brother started it by chaffin' Polly about 'er red 'air an' arskin' why she didn't cut it orf, an' she told 'im then that if 'e'd such an objection to red she wondered 'e didn't cut 'is own nose orf. Arter that one thing led to another; we took sides an'----"

"Oh, Mary, you don't mean to say you quarrelled?" I interrupted sorrowfully.

"Oh, no, it wasn't quarrellin', 'm--just bargin', you know. Any'ow it ended in Fara an' Sara an' my brother goin' off early. I was chilly to Mrs. Spurge owin' to 'er 'avin' said that she didn't believe my sailor-brother 'd ever been further than Wapping in a coal-barge. I shouldn't 'ave spoke to 'er again that evenin' if the book 'adn't brought us together again friendly, like."

"What book?" I asked, bewildered.

"One of yours that I got out of the study, 'm. Oh, wot a book! Sorter ghost story in a manner o' speakin'. I laughed an' I cried over it, turn about. So did Mrs. Spurge. You see we read bits out to each other--kep it up till three o'clock in the mornin', we did. It was luverly!"

"And what was the book called?" I inquired.

"It's called A Christmas Car'l, missy, by Mr. DICKINGS. Why didn't nobody tell me about it afore? It's far better 'n the pictures.
