
"I don't know, 'm, but there's always a lot about it in the books. When the Squire's son comes
'ome repentant at Christmas-tide they always gathers round a festlebord and rejoices."

I began to see light. "You mean a 'festal board'?"

"That's wot I sed, 'm."

"Well, you shall have one, Elizabeth, I'll see to that. I'd let you have a Squire's son as
well, but unfortunately the only ones I know are not repentant--as yet. And now tell me which
of your friends you would like to invite."

"There's my sister-in-lor 'ud like to come--'er that I 'aven't been on speakin' terms with
for five years--but she shan't. An' my friend isn't comin'; I'll see to that arter the things
she sed about me to my young man's cousin--sorcy baggage! As for my two aunts they don't set
foot under the same roof as me arter the way----"

"Never mind about the people you're not inviting," I broke in; "we don't need a list of them.
Who do you want to come?"

"Well, there's Mrs. Spurge, the char--a real nice lady, as you know, 'm. Then I'd like to arsk
Polly, the sister of the cook wot lives in the 'ouse at the corner with red 'air; an' there's
Mary Baxter. An' isn't it lucky my sailor-brother will be 'ome for the first time in ten years?
Can 'e come too, 'm? 'E's been round the world twice."

"In that case, Elizabeth, he certainly ought to be invited. He may even have returned home
repentant, so you will be able to rejoice at the festal board in proper style."

"Oh, 'm, isn't it luverly? I won't 'arf have a beano this Christmas. Wot a time we'll 'ave,
wot a time!"

       *       *       *       *       *

For my part I did not pass a very blithesome Christmas. Henry's aunt, who invited us, is rich,
but she is also dull, and several times I found myself rather envying Elizabeth. While Aunt
Jane nodded in her chair, Henry and I pictured those boisterous revels of Elizabeth and her
friends, their boundless mirth, their unrestrained gaiety. We imagined them too gathered round
the sailor-brother, listening with rapt delight as he told them stories of the far-off wonder-lands
he had known. Henry sighed then and said there were times when he envied the so-called lower
classes their capacity for enjoyment.

When we returned home Elizabeth greeted us with beaming countenance. "I 'ope you 'ad a good
time," she said; "I know I 'ad."

"Then it really was as nice as you thought it would be, Elizabeth?"

"It was first-rate, 'm. Leastways orl went well until arter dinner, when we begins chippin'
each other and ends in 'avin' a few words. My sailor-brother started it by chaffin' Polly about
'er red 'air an' arskin' why she didn't cut it orf, an' she told 'im then that if 'e'd such
an objection to red she wondered 'e didn't cut 'is own nose orf. Arter that one thing led to
another; we took sides an'----"

"Oh, Elizabeth, you don't mean to say you quarrelled?" I interrupted sorrowfully.

"Oh, no, it wasn't quarrellin', 'm--just bargin', you know. Any'ow it ended in Polly an' Mary
an' my brother goin' off early. I was chilly to Mrs. Spurge owin' to 'er 'avin' said that she
didn't believe my sailor-brother 'd ever been further than Wapping in a coal-barge. I shouldn't
'ave spoke to 'er again that evenin' if the book 'adn't brought us together again friendly, like."

"What book?" I asked, bewildered.

"One of yours that I got out of the study, 'm. Oh, wot a book! Sorter ghost story in a manner
o' speakin'. I laughed an' I cried over it, turn about. So did Mrs. Spurge. You see we read
bits out to each other--kep it up till three o'clock in the mornin', we did. It was luverly!"

"And what was the book called?" I inquired.

"It's called A Christmas Car'l, 'm, by Mr. DICKINGS. Why didn't nobody tell me about it afore?
It's far better 'n the pictures.
