At Christmas Car'l,The squire's son met with " m" and enjoyed in the festle board.  

This books describes alot about the "m" (festal bord)  ,in many get togethers squire's son pentinent at christmas-tide,they enjoy the fastleround to the most,they always gathers round to  it. 

she began to see light from the festalbord.he is dissappointed with squire's son ,as they hurted her,and they are not repentant till now.Elizabeth is asking to "he" which of your friends you like to invite?

my sister who stays in lor'ud is willing to comeand moreover i dint spoke to her for five years but she cant,,,and my freind is not coming ,i think my sister said about me  to my cousin,,and my two aunts ,they both wont  join any get togethers ,as they cant set foot under the same roof.

     leave about the people who are leastbother of invitation,just ignore them ,,, what about you elizabeth,,to whom you want to invite in christmas car'l ?

yeah,,i would like to call Mrs. Spurge,she is a nice lady,next arsk Polly,the sister of cook,cook stays at the corner with red air,and next Mary Baxter,my sailor brother who is attending the christmas carol for the first time in ten years,,
 

Elizabeth,im sure in that case ,you will be able to rejoice at the festalboard in a proper style.oh my dear "m" so lovely of you,,i wanna join it as soon as it starts.at what time ? 
at what time i have to enter?


Henry's aunt started asing to"m" who invited us?? seversl times i found myself envying elizabeth,Henry and I pictured those boisterous revels of Elizabeth and her friends, their boundless mirth, their unrestrained gaiety.
later they invited sailor brother ,he told them stories of the far-off wonder-lands he had known. Henry sighed then and said there were times when he envied the so-called lower classes their capacity for enjoyment. 


When they returned home Elizabeth greeted them with beaming countenance .and i asked them ,,hope you had a great time?? yes i had...
 

later 'm' went well until arter dinner, when they begins chippin' each other and ends in 'avin' a few words. elizabeth sailor-brother started it by chaffin' and Polly about 'her red air'who is a cook , why she didn't cut it orf, she told 'im then ,that if 'elizabeth'had such an objection to red she wondered 'elizabeth didn't cut 'his own nose orf. rather that one thing led to another; we took sides for rounds.


he asked :Oh, Elizabeth, you don't mean to say you quarrelled?"  

she said to me:"Oh, no, it wasn't quarrellin', 'm--just bargin', you know. Any how it ended in Polly and Mary and my brother going off early. elizabeth  was chilly to Mrs. Spurge owing to 'her ,and  said that she didn't believe my sailor-brother had ever been further than Wapping in a coal-barge. I shouldn't have spoke to her again that evening books are not brought to them 


he started asking ,What book?" he  asked bewildered. 


"One of yours that I got out of the study, 'm. Oh, wot a book! Sorter ghost story in a manner o' speakin'. I laughed an' I cried over it, turn about. So did Mrs. Spurge. You see we read bits out to each other--kep it up till three o'clock in the mornin', we did. It was luverly!" 

"And what was the book called?" he inquired. 

It's called A Christmas Car'l, 'm', by Mr. DICKINGS.  nobody told him about it afore? It's far better and the pictures.
