They can be cut out of colored paper to give variety to the scene. After they are ready to be put into the ballroom, ie in the space between the books, glass, and a table. Should be put on the table, and next to each other. Now rub the top surface of the glass vigorously with a piece of silk or wool, and in some moments, the figures will be attracted to electricity, and suddenly stand up straight and jump to the transparent roof of the ballroom. Here are rejected, and drew more, and thus maintain a lively dance. Once arrested on brush, spontaneous dance continues for some time, and even the touch of the hand is sufficient to animate the figures. For this experiment is successful, the glass must be very dry, the fabric is rubbed. If heated, the event will be faster and energetic. Silk Wool better answers. 
Silhouette Portraits. - Take a large sheet of paper, black on one side and white on the other, and fixed to the wall, the outer surface white, nails or tacks. Place a bright light on the table, at a suitable distance, and allow the person whose portrait you want the form to come between him and the wall (Fig. 2). Then with a pencil, draw the outline of the shadow. While this was being done, is necessary for the property in question is perfectly maintained. When lines are drawn, remove the wallpaper and cut the picture. After that, all that remains is to make the picture and paste it into a sheet of white paper. The silhouette is outlined in black, and if the operation is performed with skill, the resemblance is perfect .-- La Nature. 

* * * * * 

How to break a cable with your hands. 

Our readers have often been grocery clerks or employees of business houses break the chain with which he had tied to a package, taking her hands, with the latter close together, and suddenly separating them with a quick movement. If you think this movement is fast enough, let's try it and simply cut off the hands without breaking the chain, provided that the latter has little force. To succeed, the cable must be placed in a way, as we shall explain. 

The broken cable was placed in the left hand and one end is passed over the other, thus forming a cross, and finally, the shortest form of the cross is wrapped around the toes (you should allow sufficient time to several times). The other end swung around and ended around his right hand in order to leave a space of about eighteen inches between them and the left hand. If the instructions are followed correctly, the string should be in the form of a Y in the middle of the hand, as shown in the fewest number of engravings that accompany them. 

Only after this it is necessary to close the hand, after seeing that the Y is very tense, and make the cable with the other hand, as shown in the figure above. Once done, the two join hands, and suddenly separated to give a quick jerk at the junction of the Y-shaped branches, which form a real knife. It is easily seen that as the cable breaks the accident itself did not have time to go to blows. This is an interesting demonstration of the principle of inertia. 

* * * * * 

A velocipede WATER DUCK HUNTING. 

The curious apparatus shown in Fig. 1, an old English engraving, 1823, is an aquatic velocipede was successfully used throughout the winter of 1822.
