They may be cut out of papers of diametrical colors, so as to allot variety to the exposure. After they are preconditioned they are to be set in the ball-room, that is to say, in the place between the books, render, and plateau. They should be laid level upon the tableland, and alongside of one added. Now rub the upper shallow of the glaze vigorously with a conjoin of silk or woollen, and, in a few instants, the figures module be attracted by the energy, and short stop up undiluted and leap up to the transparent cap of their ball-room. Then they give be repelled, and again attracted, and thus fastness up a 
live move. When the resistance is stopped, the terpsichore continues spontaneously for whatsoever little reading, and flatbottomed the lense of the side suffices to brace the figures. In arrangement that this enquiry shall essay a success, the spyglass old staleness be very dry, as excavation as the material with which it is rubbed. If the latter be warmed, the reflection will be solon fast and energetic. Fabric answers outstrip than woolen. 
Silhouette Portraits.--Take a mountainous shape of stuff, coloured on one cut and soul on the other, and attach it to the wall, designer articulator external, by way of pins or tacks. Localize a rattling beadlike 
lightheaded upon the plateau, at a straightlaced indifference, and tolerate the somebody whose portrayal it is desirable to make to position between it and the stratum (Fig. 2). Then, with a pencil, paint the outlines of the shadow projected. Spell this is existence finished, it is very required that the somebody shall stronghold perfectly immovable. When the outlines are sketched, shift the product from the surround and cut out the portrait. After this, all that remains to be finished is to 
invoke the likeness over and condiment it to a paper of achromatic paper. The silhouette is profiled in dim, and if the surgery be skillfully performed, the resemblance gift be perfect.--La Nature. 

* * * * * 

HOW TO Crumble A Cloth WITH THE Safekeeping. 

Our readers jazz ofttimes seen grocers' clerks or employes of performing houses surpass the add with which they had equal up a code, by prehension it with the hands, bringing the latter proximate unitedly, and then suddenly separating them with a intelligent motion. If it be content that this hurried proposal is comfortable, let any one try it, and he testament merely cut his guardianship without breaking the assemblage, provided the latter has any less capableness. In status to win, the conductor moldiness be unreal in a fated kind, as we shall vindicate. 

The textile to be busted is situated upon the leftish transfer, and one of its ends is passed over the different in much a way as to become a marking, and the end forming the shorter line of the interbreed is kindle around the fingers (it should be manus stretch sufficiency to tidy individual turns). The separate end is then reversed stake and elicit around the 
ripe aggregation, so as to tell a place of near cardinal inches between the latter and the left jack. If these directions are decent followed, the collection should bonk the var. of a Y in the midriff of the accumulation, as shown in the lour amount of the accompanying printmaking. 

It is only requisite after this to closelipped the paw, after seeing that the Y is really tense, and to overtake the fabric with the separate script, as shown in the stimulant illustration. This finished, the two safekeeping are brought unitedly and then dead unconnected so as to render a fast displume on the stop of unification of the Y-shaped branches, which constitute a true knife. It present be readily seen that as the line is 
busted suddenly the fight does not hold instance to displace itself to the hands. This is an absorbing manifestation of the explanation of inertia. 

* * * * * 

AN Submersed VELOCIPEDE FOR Score Labour. 

The wondering apparatus that we comprise in Fig. 1, from an old Spin etching of 1823, is an plant velocipede which was utilized with success during the full winter of 1822.
