They can be cut from paper of different colors in order to ensure diversity on stage. Once they were developed, they should be placed in the room, ie, in the space between books, glass, and the table. They should be set on the table and next to each other. Now rub the top surface of the glass vigorously piece of silk or wool, and in a few moments, the figures will be involved in electricity, and suddenly vypryamytysya and jump to the transparent ceiling of the hall. And they'll push, and then draws and thus keep alive dance. When friction is stopped, the dance continues spontaneously some time, and even touch hands enough to liven up those numbers. To prove the success of this experiment, using glass must be very dry and the fabric from which he wiped. In the latter case to get warm, will display faster and more energetic. Silk answers better than wool.

Silhouette Portraits .-- Take a large sheet of paper, black on one side and white on the other side and attach to the wall, white surface without using pins or buttons. Place a bright light on the table at the proper distance, and allow the person whose portrait it is desirable to form a stand between him and the wall (Fig. 2). Then, with a pencil, draw the contours of shadows planned. While this is done, it is very necessary that this issue must keep absolutely still. When painted contours, remove paper and cut out from a wall portrait. After all that's left to do is ask for a picture and paste it into a sheet of white paper. Silhouette profiled in black, and if the operation is performed skillfully, the similarity will be perfect .-- La Nature.

* * * * *

How to Hack a cord with your hands.

Our readers have repeatedly seen grocery shops' clerks or employees of business houses to break the string with which they tied the package, taking his hand, causing the latter close to each other, and then suddenly, separated by a quick movement. If you believe that a quick motion passed, let no one try it and it just cut a line break without hands, if the latter has any force. To succeed, the cable must be organized in some way, as we will explain.

Cord be broken is on the left side and one of its ends given to another so as to form a cross, and at the end of the short form of the cross reeled fingers (it should remain long enough to make a few turns). The other end is coiled and then back on the right hand to leave a space about 18 inches between it and the left hand. If the directions properly, a line must take the form of the Y in the middle, as shown in the lower figures accompanying engraving.

Just after the close of the, seeing that the Y is very tight and grab the lead on the other hand, as shown in the upper figure. Pokinchyvshy with this reduced two hands together and then suddenly separated from one another to give a quick pull connection point Y-shaped branches that form a real knife. Easy to see that the shock cord is damaged suddenly failing to convey oneself. It is a vivid example of the principle of inertia.

* * * * *

Bicycle for water duck hunting.

Interesting device, which we present in Fig. 1, from an old English engraving in 1823, is a water bicycle has been used successfully throughout the winter of 1822.
