They are followed by one, who, time was, would have chased them round the Steyne
~319~~and into cover with all the spirit of a true sportsman; but his days of revelry are past,--that
is the celebrated roué, C---- L----, a 'trifle light as air,' yet in nature's spite a very
ultra in the pursuit of gallantry. To record the number of frail fair ones to whose charms
he owned ephemeral homage would fill a volume. The wantons wife whose vices sunk her from the
drawing-room to the lobby; the{4} kitchen wench, whose pretty face and lewd ambition raised
her to it; the romance bewildered{5} Miss, and the rude unlettered {6} villager, the hardened
drunken profligate, and the timid half-ruined victim (the almost infant Jenny!) have all in
turn tasted his bounty and his wine, have each been honoured with a page in his trifles: of
his caresses he wisely was more chary. Which of the frail sisterhood has not had a ride in
G---- L----'s worn out in the service 1 and which in its day might be said to roll mechanically
from C----L----to C----s-s--t, with almost instinctive precision. But his days of poesy and
nights of folly are now past!

Honest C----has taken the hint from nature, and retired, at once, from the republics of Venus
and of letters. A kind, a generous, and a susceptible heart like his must long ere this have
found, in the arms of an amiable wife, those unfading and honourable joys which, reflection
must convince him, were not to be extracted from those foul and polluted sources from whence
he sought and drew a short-lived pleasure."

You know Crony's affection for a good dinner, and will not therefore be surprised that I had
the honour of his company this day; but i'faith he deserved his reward for the cheerfulness
and amusement with which he contrived to kill time.

     3 Lady B----e.

     4 Mrs. H----y.

     5 Louisa V----e.

     6 Mrs. S--d--s.

     7 Mrs. S--mm--ns.

~320~~In the evening it was proposed to visit the libraries; but as these places of public
resort are not always eligible for the appearance of a star, Crony and myself were despatched
first to reconnoitre and report to the Countess our opinions of the assembled group. The association
of society has perhaps undergone a greater change in England within the last thirty years than
any other of our peculiar characteristics; at least, I should guess so from Crony's descriptions
of the persons who formerly honoured the libraries with their presence; but whose names (if
they now condescend to subscribe) are entered in a separate book, that they may not be defiled
by appearing in the same column with the plebeian host of the three nations who form the united
family of Great Britain. "Ay, sir," said Crony, with a sigh that bespoke the bitterness of
reflection, "I remember when this spot (Luccombe's library) was the resort of all the beauty
and brilliancy that once illumined the hemisphere of Calton palace,--the satellites of the
heir apparent, the brave, the witty, and the gay,--the soul-inspiring, mirthful band, whose
talents gave a splendid lustre to the orb of royalty, far surpassing the most costly jewel
in his princely coronet. But they are gone, struck to the earth by the desolating hand of the
avenger Death, and have left no traces of their genius upon the minds of their successors."

Of the motley assemblage which now surrounds us it would be difficult to attempt a picture.
The pencil of a Cruikshank or a Rowlandson might indeed convey some idea; but all weaker hands
would find the subject overpowering. A mob of manufacturers, melting hot, elbowing one another
into ill-humour, by their anxiety to teach their offspring the fashionable vice of gaming;
giving the pretty innocents a taste for loo, which generally ends in loo-sening what little
purity of principle the prejudice of education has left upon their intellect.
