They have one, which was, after a while are, they must be followed Steyne ~ ~ ~ round 319 and cover all with a feeling of a true champion, but his days of revelry are past, - the wheel is observed, ---- ---- C, L a trifle light as air yet, "though a very heroic in pursuit of nature's super. Tribute to the charm of which he owned short term fills a volume record in the number of fair to poor. Drawing Room Wantons wife drowned in her lobby whose fault; (4) kitchen girl, beautiful and ugly face raised to him whose ambition; (5) Miss, and vulgar illiterate (6) Rural Romance tense, rigid and timid drunken spendthrift Hunting waste half (about baby Jenny!) all turn our bounty and its wine is tasted, each was awarded with a page in his trifles: their caresses she was smarter than wisely. Sisterhood was not a ride in the tenuous G ---- ---- L 1 out and worn in service to their day can be called from C ---- L --- almost mechanically roll - SS ---- with precision to the intuitive C - T. But now past its days of poetry and the stupidity of the nights!

Honest C ---- has taken cue from nature, and retired at once, Venus and characters from the republics. One way, a liberal, and his long it an amiable wife, who is immortal and honorable pleasure that reflection should convince him, is found in the arms should be removed before the foul and polluted sources, which were not as susceptible heart by demanding that he drew a short-term pleasure. "

You have a nice dinner out crony affection, and will be the day that I had the honor of your company is not so surprising, but the excitement and entertainment for your reward, I faith entitled to kill the time with the contrived.

3 Lady B----e. 

4 Mrs. H----y.
 
5 Louisa V----e. 

6 Mrs. S--d--s.
 
7 Mrs. S--mm--ns. 

320 ~ ~ ~ In the evening it was proposed to visit libraries, but these places of public resort presence of a star as always, crony are not eligible for the exploring and the countess herself and sent earlier about our report to the assembled group feedback. Perhaps with the support of society than any other of our distinctive characteristics is within the last thirty years, came a big change in England, at least, I think so that people who formerly awarded to libraries with their appearance crony details, but whose name (if they condescend to subscribe now) are entering into a separate book, that they combined the three nations of Great Britain, which usually host family as appearing in the same column with can not be defiled. "Ay, sir," with a sigh that bespoke the bitterness of reflection crony, said, "I remember when this place (Luccombe Library) Calton all the beauty and luster that once was the palace published hemisphere Sahara - heir satellites clear, brave, witty, and gay - soul inspiring, merry band, a great glowing orb royalty whose talent gave away the most expensive jewel in its majestic Coronet best. But they have gone Avenger desolating death hand hit the earth, and his successors have left any traces of his genius mind. "

Motley combination which now surround us it would be difficult to attempt a photo. Cruikshank or a Rowlandson's pencils really can express some thoughts, but overpowering the subject will find all the weak hands. A multitude of manufacturers, hot melting, elbowing each other in their anxiety by ill humor, to teach their offspring gaming fashionable vice, beautiful innocents lining, which usually ends up line-seining give a taste for theory of education bias their wisdom on what little purity left.
