One followed them for who, times was, would have chased them round 319 Steyne and into the cover with spirit of a true Athlete but his days of revelry have past that is the celebrated roue, C---- L----, a trifle light as air.  yet in spite an ultra in the pursuit of gallantry.Yo record the number of frail fair ones to whose charms he owned ephemeral homage would fill a volume.  The Wantons wife her vices sunk her from the art room to the lobby; The wench inthe kitchen whose pretty face and lewd ambition raised her to it; The romance slowly died. The rude unlettered villager, The hardened drunk, and the timed half ruined baby victim, have all tasted the bounty of his wine have each been honored by a page of his trifles.  His days of poesy and nights of folly are now past!

Honest C--- taking a hint from nature, retired immediately from the republics of Venus and letters.
A kind Vulnerable heart like his must long for the caress of a faithfull wife, with unfading joys.  Looking back must convince him, could not be taken away from the impure pleasure he once degraded himself for.

Crony has an a deep apreciation for a good dinner, So he will not be surprised.  That I honour his company today but he deserves a reward for the happiness and amusement in wich he used to kill time.

Public places are not always approved for the appearance of a star, but it was proposed for a visit to the libraries at 3:20 pm.  Crony and I were despatced to report to the Countess our opions of the assembled group.  The association of society has perhaps undergone a greater change in England within the last thirty years than any other of our peculiar of our peculiar characteristics: at least I guess so based on Crony's descriptions of the people. who previously honoured libraries with their presence' but whose names are entered in a sepate book, that may have been ruined by appearing in the same column with the plebeian host of three nations who form the united family of Great Britan. "Ay, sir," said Crony, with a sigh that spoke the bitterness of reflection, "I remember when this spot (Luccombe's library) was the resort of all the beauty and brilliancy that once illumined the hemisphere of Calton palace,--the satellites of the heir apparent, the brave, the witty, and the gay,the soul-inspiring, mirthful band, whose talents gave a shine to the orb of royalty, far surpassing the most costly jewel in his princely coronet. But they are gone, struck to the earth by the  hand of the avenger Death, and have left no traces of their genius upon the minds of their successors."

Of the motley assemblage which now surrounds us it would be difficult to attempt a picture. The pencil of a Cruikshank or a Rowlandson might indeed convey some idea; but all weaker hands would find the subject overpowering. A mob of manufacturers, melting hot, elbowing one another into dullness, by their anxiety to teach their children the fashionable vice of gaming; giving the pretty innocents a taste for loo, which generally ends in loo-sening what little purity of principle the prejudice of education has left upon their intellect.
