But this objection would be a mistake. Princes of the reform is not as sudden as not to prepard expected by the public. There are, in fact, a vanity in the mass, and the behavior of light unweighd if he is among his dissolute companions but innate spark of honor and nobility of his real break at all relevant times, where we expect to wake up feeling join his birth and dignity. And our poet has so well and with the art always his usual suspicions Profligateness can not be reformed because, although the first shows him on stage, in the first part of Henry IV, when he made his Falstaff consent in a robbery at participate, the street took care not to carry him off the stage without a hint that he knows everything, and humor unyokd, and as the sun, so they just for some time, and the cloud to obscure his brilliance, and then Condemned fog, where he may himself again that its Lustre, if necessary, perhaps the most wonderd break.  Another great Shakespeare contact with nature, and is still deep in the joint observation Ken, was an account by reference to The Tempest, Prospero, interrupted, so that the mask of the spirit, passion, and began a sudden illness of the mind taken. Since the underlying cause of his emotion is full inquird, I no longer live than here. 
 And it was designd to describe his passion, transport serves to exaggerate.

As the conduct of Henry in the first instance, the most secret thoughts and mental, in the case of Prospero, Lear, and if the abuse of power in a mood to arguments rage, they do full justice to the amazing knowledge of human nature, which is certainly our masterpiece of opinion, I think, not too good light could be set.

[Sidenote*: Mr. Addison and He evaluated, on a similar Topick.] 

I reject the light of the latent beauties when I made a brief comment on a remarkable passage from July Csar, which is * incredibly beautiful in your car, and discovered much of what the authors knowledge and research in nature.

How beautiful, admits criticism Dionysius, who could not be found, the big shots, he called the terrible graces in one of the historians, who met often with Homer. I think the success would be the same in the same way, if you look in one of our other authors, in addition to our UK Homer, Shakespeare. This description of the conspirators and terror has it in a bubble, which is perfectly incredible. Our excellent Mr.
Addison, whose modesty made him sometimes a little uncomfortable in his own genius, but whose to stop exquisite was always the most reliable guide, as we can see how many fine lines in Cato Philippic borrowd Cicero, paraphrased this beautiful description, but we know not expect the Graces terrible it could not prevent the evaporation of the transfusion.
