But this would be
a mistaken Objection. The Prince’s Reformation is not so sudden, as not to be prepar’d and
expected by the Audience. He gives, indeed, a Loose to Vanity, and a light unweigh’d Behaviour,
when he is trifling among his dissolute Companions; but the Sparks of innate Honour and true
Nobleness break from him upon every proper Occasion, where we would hope to see him awake to
Sentiments suiting his Birth and Dignity. And our Poet has so well, and artfully, guarded his
Character from the Suspicions of habitual and unreformable Profligateness; that even from the
first shewing him upon the Stage, in the first Part of Henry IV, when he made him consent to
join with Falstaffe in a Robbery on the Highway, he has taken care not to carry him off the
Scene, without an Intimation that he knows them all, and their unyok’d Humour; and that, like
the Sun, he will permit them only for a while to obscure and cloud his Brightness; then break
thro’ the Mist, when he pleases to be himself again; that his Lustre, when wanted, may be the
more wonder’d at.

Another of Shakespeare’s grand Touches of Nature, and which lies still deeper from the Ken
of common Observation, has been taken notice of in a Note upon The Tempest; where Prospero
at once interrupts the Masque of Spirits, and starts into a sudden Passion and Disorder of
Mind. As the latent Cause of his Emotion is there fully inquir’d into, I shall no farther dwell
upon it here.

Such a Conduct in a Poet (as Shakespeare has manifested on many like Occasions;) where the
Turn of Action arises from Reflexions of his Characters, where the Reason of it is not express’d
in Words, but drawn from the inmost Resources of Nature, shews him truly capable of that Art,
which is more in Rule than Practice: Ars est celare Artem. An exquisite fine Instance of this
Kind occurs in Lear, where that old King, hasty and intemperate in his Passions, coming to
his Son and Daughter Cornwall, is told by the Earl of Gloucester that they are not to be spoken
with: and thereupon throws himself into a Rage, supposing the Excuse of Sickness and Weariness
in them to be a purpos’d Contempt: Gloucester begs him to think of the fiery and unremoveable
Quality of the Duke: and This, which was design’d to qualify his Passion, serves to exaggerate
the Transports of it.

As the Conduct of Prince Henry in the first Instance, the secret and mental Reflexions in the
Case of Prospero, and the instant Detour of Lear from the Violence of Rage to a Temper of Reasoning,
do so much Honour to that surprizing Knowledge of human Nature, which is certainly our Author’s
Masterpiece, I thought, they could not be set in too good a Light.

    [Sidenote*: Mr. Addison and He compared, on a similar Topick.]

I shall dismiss the Examination into these his latent Beauties, when I have made a short Comment
upon a remarkable Passage from Julius Cæsar, which is inexpressibly fine in its self, *and
greatly discovers our Author’s Knowledge and Researches into Nature.

That nice Critick Dionysius of Halicarnassus confesses, that he could not find those great
Strokes, which he calls the terrible Graces, in any of the Historians, which he frequently
met with in Homer. I believe, the Success would be the same likewise, if we sought for them
in any other of our Authors besides our British HOMER, Shakespeare. This Description of the
Condition of Conspirators has a Pomp and Terror in it, that perfectly astonishes. Our excellent
Mr. Addison, whose Modesty made him sometimes diffident in his own Genius, but whose exquisite
Judgment always led him to the safest Guides, as we may see by those many fine Strokes in his
Cato borrow’d from the Philippics of Cicero, has paraphrased this fine Description; but we
are no longer to expect those terrible Graces, which he could not hinder from evaporating in
the Transfusion.
