But this was the wrong object. Reformation, The Prince is not so abrupt as to be not prepar'd and expected audience. He does, in fact a Available in vain, and light unweigh'd behavior when he is trifling among his dissolute partner, but the Sparks Award innate and true Noble Ness break from it every proper occasion, as we would hope to see him watchful attitude to suiting his birth and dignity. And our poet has so well and artfully, guarded nature of his suspicions regarding the establishment and unreformable Profligateness, even from the first shewing him on the stage, the first part of Henry IV, when he did he agree to join in the robbery of Falstaffe highway, which he has taken to bring him off the scene, without a hint that he knows them all and their unyok'd Humor, and that, like the sun, it will make them a bit of time to cover and cloud His Brightness, the break pushed 'the Mist, where he likes to be himself again, that its Lustre, when desired, may be more at wonder'd.

Other Grand Shakespeare touches of nature, and that goes even deeper from Ken common observation has been made in advance Note The Tempest; the Pros Pero at once interrupts the Fou spirits, and begin at once Passion and Disorder of the mind. As latent causes of Emotions is fully inquir'd in, I shall no longer be living here.

Such conduct a Poet (as Shakespeare has given as many Occasions;) where the turn of action comes from Reflex ions of nature, because reason is not express'd in words, but declined Resources inmost nature, he shews certainly capable of Art, which is more in order than Practice: Ars celare Artem Est. An outstanding fine examples of this type occurs in Lear, where the old King, hasty and intemperate in his passion, comes to his son and daughter of Cornwall, is said to Earl of Gloucester, they are not talking to , and then throws in a Rage, will be sorry to illness and fatigue in them to be purpos'd contempt: Gloucester asks him to think about the fiery unremoveable Quality and Duke, and this thing that was design'd few of his passion, the serves to exaggerate it transports.

As the implementation of Prince Henry the First, the secrets and mental Reflex ions in the case of Pros Pero instant detour of Lear from the violence of Rage rewarding rational, so much honor to the surprising knowledge of Nature, which is certainly a genius author us, I thought that they could not been of great light.

[Side Note *: Mr. Addison, and he compared, in a similar Topick.]

I must say the test in this latent beauty of his, when I have made brief comments on individual chapters from Julius Caesar, who is inexpressibly fine in self-defense, * and discovers very Author of our Knowledge and Research in Nature.

This nice Critick Dionysius of Halicarnassus confesses that he could not find those great hit, which he calls a terrible Grace, in which historians, as he often met with in Homer. I believe that success would be the same as, if we look for them in any other of our authors and our British Homer, Shakespeare. This description of the condition has Conspirators Pomp and terror in it, that she fully Aston. excellent Mr. Addison, where he sometimes gentleness diff Dent in his own Genius, but that great Judgement always led him to secure the Guides, as we can see by the many fine strokes in his Cato borrow'd from Philip Pics of Cicero, has paraphrased this fine description, but we no longer assume the horrible Grace, which he could not prevent from evaporating in Tranfusion.
