But  ejecting  to give an  account  assertion   of the  diagrams  and portraits that he  organised   where  in the workshop of Ridolfo,  numerous  of which were sent abroad and  numerous   stayed  in the city, I shall  articulate   simply  of those which he painted  after  he was  somewhat  the  associate  and rival of Ridolfo than his disciple, and of those that he executed  after  he was so much the  associate  of Andrea del Sarto, that  none  was more dear to him than to  suppose  that master in his workshop, in  lead  to learn from him,  demonstrating  him his works and asking his opinion of them, so as to  escape  such  faults  and defects as those men  regularly   drop  into  any person  who   do not  demonstrate  their  task  to any other craftsman, but trust so much in their  have   punishment  that they would  somewhat  incur the censure of all the world  after  those works are  wrapped  higher,   than  appropriate  them  by   method  of the  signals  of  tender  friends.

One of the first item that Domenico executed was a very adorable diagram of Our Lady for Messer Agnolo della Stufa, any person who has it in his Abbey of Capalona in the locality of Arezzo, and retains it very dear for the great diligence of its execution and the beauty of its colouring. He painted another diagram of Our Lady, no smaller diagram adorable than that one, for Messer Agnolo Niccolini, now Archbishop of Pisa and a Cardinal, any person who saves it in his lodging on the Canto de' Pazzi in Florence; and equally another, of similar elevation and excellence, which is now in the possession of Filippo dell' Antella, at Florence. In another, which is come seal three braccia in height, Domenico organised a full-length Madonna with the Child between her knees, a tiny S. John, and another head; and this diagram, which is held to be one of the best works that he executed, since there is no sweeter colouring to be supposed, is at the prevailing day in the possession of Messer Filippo Spini, Treasurer to the bulk Illustrious Prince of Florence, and a gentleman of superb spirit, any person who takes much pleasure in works of painting.

Among other portraits that Domenico organised from the life, which are all adorable and also good resemblances, the bulk adorable is the one which he painted of Monsignore Messer Piero Carnesecchi, at that time a marvellously handsome youth, for whom he also organised numerous other diagrams, all very adorable and executed with much diligence. In like manner, he portrayed in a diagram the Florentine Barbara, a renowned and bulk lovely courtesan of that day, much beloved by many no smaller diagram for her fine way of life than for her beauty, and principally because she was an excellent musician and sang divinely. But the best task that Domenico ever executed was a many diagram wherein he organised a life-size Madonna, with numerous angels and tiny boys, and a S. Bernard any person who is writing; which diagram is now in the hands of Giovanni Gualberto del Giocondo, and of his brother Messer Niccolò, a Canon of S. Lorenzo in Florence.

The same master organised many other diagrams, which are distributed among the lodgings of people, and in individual numerous wherein may be supposed a half-length figure of Cleopatra, causing an asp to injury her on the breast, and others wherein is the Roman Lucretia slaughter herself with a dagger. There are also numerous very adorable portraits from life and diagrams by the same hand at the Porta a Pinti, in the lodging of Giulio Scali, a man whose punishment is as fine in the subjects of our arts as it is in those of every other bulk noble and bulk righteous profession. Domenico executed for Francesco del Giocondo, in a panel for his chapel in the great tribune of the Church of the Servi at Florence, a S. Francis any person who is receiving the Stigmata; which task is very sweet and soft in colouring, and wrought with much diligence. In the Church of Cestello, throughout the Tabernacle of the Sacrament, he painted couple angels in fresco, and on the panel of a chapel in the same church he organised a Madonna with her Son in her arms, S. John the Baptist, S. Bernard, and other saints.
