But failing to account for the photos and portraits he did while in the workshop Ridolfo, some of whom were sent abroad and some remained in the city, I will speak only of those painted when he was rather a friend and Ridolfo rivals that his disciple, and that run when he was so fond of Andrea del Sarto, that nothing was dearer to him than to see the master in his workshop, to learn from him, showing their works and asking their opinion of them, to avoid such errors and defects that men often fall into that show their work to any other craftsman, but the confidence in his own trial that prefer to incur the censure of the world where these works are finished, correct them through suggestions from friends to love. 
One of the first things that Domenico was executed a very beautiful picture of Our Lady of Messer Agnolo della Stufa, who is in her Capalona Abbey in the district of Arezzo, and holds very dear to the great measure of its performance and beauty of its color. He painted another image of the Virgin, no less beautiful than the one by Messer Agnolo Niccolini, now archbishop of Pisa and cardinal one, which keeps him at home the Canto de 'Pazzi in Florence, and also another, equally size and excellence, which is now in the possession of Filippo dell 'Antella in Florence. In another, which is about three fathoms in height, made a long-term Domenico Madonna and Child between his knees, a bit of John S. and a head; and this picture, which is considered one of the best works which he executed, as there is no sweeter for color to be seen, is now in the hands of Messer Filippo Spini, Treasurer of the most illustrious ruler of Florence, and a gentleman great spirit, which takes much pleasure in painting works. 

Among other portraits Domenico fact of life, which are all beautiful and good similarities, the most beautiful is the Archbishop Piero painted Carnesecchi Messer, at the time a wonderfully beautiful maiden for whom he also made some other images, all very nice and executed with great diligence. Similarly, he showed a photo of Barbara Florentine, a famous and most beautiful courtesan of the time, much loved by many not least for its fine culture, which for its beauty, and especially because it was an excellent musician and sings divinely. But the best job that Domenico was never executed a large painting in which he made a Madonna-sized, with angels and young children, and Bernard S. you are writing, what image is now in the hands of Giovanni Gualberto del Giocondo, and his brother Nicholas Messer, a canon of San Lorenzo in Florence. 

The captain has made many other categories, which are scattered in the houses of citizens and in particular in which some may see a half-length figure of Cleopatra, causing an asp to bite her in the chest, and others where Roman Lucretia is killed with a dagger. There are also some very beautiful portraits of life and images of the same hand on the Porta a Pinti, in the house of Giulio Scali, a man whose opinion is so thin in the areas of our arts and in the majority of all other more honorable and noble profession. Domenico executed by Francesco del Giocondo, a panel for his chapel in the larger forum of the Church of the Servi in Florence, a S. Francis that is receiving the stigmata, that work is very sweet and gentle coloring, and wrought with much diligence. In the church of Cestello around the Tabernacle of the Sacrament, painted the two angels, and the panel of a chapel in the same church as Our Lady with her Son in her arms, San Juan Bautista, S. Bernard, and other saints.
