I would like to talk about the pictures that Domenico painted when he considered himself not so much as a pupil but rather as a friend, and perhaps a rival of Ridolfo. Some of the pictures that Domenico painted while he worked with Ridolfo were sent to other countries. I shall also talk about his work when he was a good friend of Andrea del Sarto. Domenico loved to watch Andrea del Satro at work in his studio and learn from the master. He also wanted to show his own paintings to the master and hear his opinion and criticism of his works. In this respect, Dominenco was unlike most painters who never like to show their works to other painters or hear their comments on them. He was always receptive to suggestions from friends who cared for him.

The picture of Our Lady that Domenico painted for Messer Agnolo della Sulfa for his Abbey of Capalona, in Arezzo, is one of his early works and shows his great talent and diligence in producing paintings of great beauty. He painted several more equally beautiful paintings of Our Lady which are now in Pisa and Florence. One of his best works is the full length picture of the Madonna with the Child. The coloring of this picture is exquisite and is now owned by Messer Filippo Spini, Treasurer to the Prince of Florence and an ardent collector of works of art.

Domenico painted several portraits which were excellent and faithfully depicted the subject. His best portrait is that of Monsignore Messer Piero Carnesecchi, a handsome young man. His portrait of Florentine Barbara, the beautiful and famous courtesan of those times, is also notable for its excellence. But his very best work was the painting of Madonna, surrounded by angels and little boys, with St. Bernard shown as writing. The picture is large, with a life-size Madonna. It is now owned by Giovanni Gualberto del Giocondo and his brother Messer Nocolo, a Canon of S. Lorenzo of Florence.

Among the many other excellent works of Domenico, his painting of Cleopatra in her last moments, with an asp on her breast, and Lucertia committing suicide with a dagger, are worth mentioning. Giulio Scali, a connoisseur of beautiful paintings owns several of Domenico’s paintings. Domenico’s wonderful paintings are to be found as frescos and murals in the Church of the Servi at Florence and also at the Church of Cestelo.
