It sustains my every act. By an imperative mental
necessity I am obliged, by inference from my experiences as an active and percipient agent,
to postulate the energetic system in which I am involved, and with one particular centre in
which I am organically related.

But we recall at this point that Science says she must still postulate Matter as the vehicle
of Energy. But what does that mean except that the subject of her studies is the sensible presentation
which itself consists of energy transmutation in part constantly changing but with relatively
permanent and recurrent elements? These more permanent elements constitute what we call bodies.
If the sensible presentation consisted exclusively of one continuous, unchanging phenomenon,
Reason would never be stimulated, and Personality, Cause, Power would never have been postulated
or conceived. But the transmutation is constantly "accelerated"--incessantly fluctuates and
varies. Certain of these variations I recognise as related to my own volitional activity, and
I am thus furnished with a key which enables me, by a sympathetic analogy, to attribute all
the changes in my experience to various agents, each related to the other by the intervention
of this system of physical Energy. Some of these I can further trace to the initiative of Volition
of myself or other persons; others I can only recognise as integral parts of the vast energetic
system of Nature, the stimulus of which I cannot follow further.

The reality of Matter is said to be proved by its indestructibility; but this characteristic
can easily be resolved into (1) the indestructibility of Space and Extension which we have
seen to be merely another name for the necessity or inevitable universality of the general
laws and conditions of Energy transmutation, and (2) the indestructibility of the Energy to
the transmutations of which we attribute the forces of Cohesion and Gravitation.

All vital activity is but a producing of changes in the stream of transmutation. We never do,
nor in the nature of things do we ever try to, increase or diminish the quantity of the real
Energy itself. We instinctively recognise the objective source of our physical power, and this
has led some thinkers to suppose that the indestructibility of Matter is an a priori datum
of thought. But such a belief is quite unfounded. All it amounts to is a recognition that the
destruction of Matter is beyond our power--a necessary consequence of the fact that we merely
act upon the transmutation-process. Many a long contest between the supporters of a priori
and experiential knowledge can be set at rest by this view of the mediating functions of the
energetic organism.

The reflections which we have thus briefly noted and illustrated open a wide field for inquiry.
The scientific doctrine of Energy would seem to be pregnant with momentous consequences for
Philosophy, and it is worth while for metaphysicians to devote to this subject the deepest
and most deliberate thought. The results cannot easily be grasped by a mere cursory perusal
of memoranda, in which we have only sketched a few salient aspects of the doctrine. We deprecate
unwarrantable assurance, and are fully conscious of the difficulty of adequately expressing
thought on such a theme; but we have not written rashly nor without good grounds for asking
attention.

Science, it seems to us, postulates in Energy an a-logical, unextended, real thing-in-itself
in terms of which the phenomena of Physics can be adequately and quantifiably stated. At the
same time it furnishes Philosophy with a theory of the objectively real thing-in-itself which
satisfied those necessities of thought by which we are constrained to interpret our sense-experience
by a constant reference to a Reality beyond it--a necessity due to our association as Actors
with an Energy beyond that which is the seat of our Presentment.
