It has been my every act. With the imperative need for mental I am obliged, as concluded from my experience as an active agent and percipient, to postulate the energy system in which I participate, with a particular center where I am biologically related.

But we are reminded at this point that science says that it still needs to postulate materials, vehicle power. But what does this mean, besides being the subject of training is reasonable presentation, which consists of power conversion part is constantly changing, but relatively constant and repeated elements? These more permanent elements constitute what we call the authorities. If reasonable presentation consisted primarily of a continuous, unchanging phenomenon, therefore never be encouraged, and personality, because, Power would never have been suspected or birth. But continuous transmutation "accelerated" - constantly changing and changing. Some of these options recognize as related to my own volitional activities, and I'm also equipped with a key that allows me the one charming analogy to add any changes in my experience of other agents associated with any intervention that system of physical energy. Some of these can still follow the initiative of the will to himself or others, while others can only be recognized as an integral part of most vigorous system of nature, stimulating not able to follow later.

The reality of the matter is considered proven by its indestructibility, but this feature can be easily solved in (1) indestructibility of space and extension that are seen to be just another name for the inevitable necessity or universality of general laws and conditions for converting energy and (2) to the indestructibility of energy transmutations which we attribute to the forces of cohesion and gravity.

All life activities only produce changes in the course of conversion. We never do, nor the nature of things we're trying to, increasing or decreasing the amount of the very real power. We instinctively recognize an objective source of physical force and this has led some scholars to suggest that the indestructibility of matter is a priori datum of thought. But this belief is completely unfounded. All it amounts to is an admission that the destruction of the fabric is beyond our power - a necessary consequence of the fact that we just work on turning the process. Very long race between the supporters of the preliminary and knowledge through experience can be set at rest by this point of view function of firm energetic body.

Reflections, we have thus briefly noted and illustrated a wide open field for study. The scientific doctrine of energy seems pregnant with great consequences for philosophy, and is worth while for metaphysicians to devote to this matter the deepest and most deliberate thinking. The results can not easily be caught only a cursory reading of the memorandum which we have sketched only a few salient aspects of teaching. We regret unacceptable quality assurance and are fully conscious of the difficulty of adequate expression of thought such a theme, but not written hastily or without sufficient grounds for seeking attention.

Science, it seems to us an energy postulates in a more logical, unextended, the real thing-in-itself to which the phenomena of physics can be adequately quantified and stated. At the same time he presented a theory of philosophy objectively real thing-in-itself, which met these requirements of thought, which are limited can interpret our sense-experience with constant reference to reality outside - a necessity because of Our association as participants with energy beyond that which is the seat of our performance.
