It  supports  my every act. By an  urgent  mental necessity I am obliged,  via   implication  from my experiences as an active and percipient  official,   towards  postulate the  active  system  within  which I am  embroiled,  and with one particular centre  within  which I am organically related.

But we recall at this degree that Science says she ought still postulate Matter as the vehicle of Energy. But what does that mean except that the issue of her learns is the judicious presentation which itself consists of energy transmutation within portion constantly affecting but with relatively permanent and recurrent elements? These many permanent components constitute what we dub bodies. If the judicious presentation consisted exclusively of one continuous, unchanging phenomenon, Reason would never be motivated, and Personality, Cause, Power would never possess been postulated or conceived. But the transmutation is constantly "accelerated"--incessantly fluctuates and varies. Certain of these variations I acknowledge as related towards my own volitional pastime, and I am hence supplied with a key which enables me, via a sympathetic analogy, towards character everybody the corrections within my experience towards various agents, each related towards the else via the intervention of this system of physical Energy. Some of these I can further trace towards the initiative of Volition of myself or else persons; others I can alone acknowledge as integral branches of the vast active system of Nature, the stimulus of which I cannot pursue further.

The reality of Matter is remarked towards be proved via its indestructibility; but this aspect can easily be decided into (1) the indestructibility of Space and Extension which we possess sighted towards be merely another name for the necessity or inevitable universality of the general laws and moods of Energy transmutation, and (2) the indestructibility of the Energy towards the transmutations of which we character the pushes of Cohesion and Gravitation.

All vital pastime is but a causing of corrections within the surge of transmutation. We never do, nor within the nature of things do we ever endeavour towards, increase or decrease the quantity of the actual Energy itself. We instinctively acknowledge the goal cause of our physical power, and this has ruled a number of thinkers towards imagine that the indestructibility of Matter is an a priori datum of thought. But such a principle is relatively unfounded. All it sizes towards is a awareness that the destruction of Matter is beyond our power--a necessary impact of the fact that we merely act upon the transmutation-process. Many a long challenge between the supporters of a priori and experiential information can be predetermined at lie down via this look of the mediating occasions of the active organism.

The reflections which we possess hence briefly signed and illustrated open a thick field for inquiry. The scientific doctrine of Energy would seem towards be pregnant with landmark impacts for Philosophy, and it is quality whilst for metaphysicians towards devote towards this issue the deepest and most deliberate thought. The findings cannot easily be grasped via a mere cursory perusal of memoranda, within which we possess alone sketched a few salient criterions of the doctrine. We deprecate unwarrantable assurance, and are fully conscious of the trouble of famously voicing idea onto such a theme; but we possess not composed rashly nor without nice grounds for asking attention.

Science, it seems towards ourselves, postulates within Energy an a-logical, unextended, actual thing-in-itself within terms of which the phenomena of Physics can be famously and quantifiably stated. At the equivalent moment it supplies Philosophy with a theory of the objectively actual thing-in-itself which proud those necessities of idea via which we are restrained towards interpret our sense-experience via a constant reference towards a Reality beyond it--a necessity due towards our acquaintance as Actors with an Energy beyond that which is the seat of our Presentment.
