It sustains my every act. For a mental imperative I must, by inference from my experiences as an active agent and beneficiary, to apply the energy system in which I am involved, with a particular facility in which I am organically related. 
But remember at this point that science says that matter has yet to nominate as the vehicle of Energy. But what does that mean, unless the subject of their studies is the sensible presentation, which consists of the transmutation of energy, in part, in flux, but with relatively permanent and recurring elements? These elements are what we call permanent bodies. If the sensitive presentation consisted exclusively of a continuous phenomenon that does not change, the reason I would never be encouraged, and personality, because of energy, never have been postulated or conceived. But it is constantly accelerated transmutation "- constantly fluctuates and varies. Some of these changes that I recognize as related to my volitional activity, and I am well equipped with a key that allows me, for a nice analogy, to attribute all changes in my experience for different agents, each linked to others the involvement of this system of physical energy. Some of these I can be up to the initiative of the volition of myself or others, others can only recognize as part of the vast system of nature energy, stimulation of which I can not go any further. 

The reality of the matter is said to be demonstrated by its indestructibility, but this feature can be easily solved in (1) the indestructibility of Space and the extension we have seen to be just another name for the inevitable necessity of universal or general laws and conditions of the transmutation of energy, and (2) the indestructibility of energy transformations which we attribute to the forces of cohesion and Gravitation. 

All the vital activity is only produced by changes in the flow of transmutation. We never do, or the nature of things that once you try, increase or decrease the actual amount of energy itself. We instinctively recognize the objective source of our physical power, and this has led some thinkers to suppose that the indestructibility of matter is a given a priori thought. But this belief is quite unfounded. All that amounts to a recognition that the destruction of matter is beyond our power - a necessary consequence of the fact that we only act on the transmutation process. Over a long struggle between proponents of a priori and experiential knowledge can be set at rest by this point of view of the functions of energy through the body. 

The thoughts that we have taken note of this brief and illustrated a wide field open for research. The scientific doctrine of the energy seems to be pregnant with momentous consequences for philosophy, and it is worth while to spend metaphysical thinking to this issue deeper and more deliberate. The results can not be easily understood by a mere cursory reading of memoirs, in which we have only outlined some highlights of the doctrine. We guarantee wanton disregard, and are fully aware of the difficulty of adequately express the thought in a topic, but we have not written lightly or without good reason to ask for attention. 

Science, it seems, the postulates of the Energy in a logical one, not extended, the real thing in itself in that the phenomena of physics can be appropriate and quantifiable, said. At the same time providing philosophy with a theory of the real objective thing-in-itself to fulfill those needs of thought by which we are compelled to interpret our experience of the senses by a constant reference to a reality beyond it - a necessity due to our association as actors with a power beyond what is the seat of our presentation.
