Had the baronet
been in the way of a lettre de cachet, like Mirabeau's father, he would certainly have had
Percy put into Newgate and kept there.

The malediction of the old man seems to have clung to Shelley's mind to the end, and made him
rebellious against everything bearing the paternal name. He assailed the Father of the Hebrew
theocracy with amazing bitterness, and joined Prometheus in cursing and dethroning Zeus, the
Olympian usurper. With him, tyrant and father were synonymous, and he has drawn the old Cenci,
in the play of that name, with the same fierce, unfilial pencil, dipped in blood and wormwood.
Shelley was by nature, self-instruction, and inexperience of life, impatient and full of impulse;
and the sharp and violent measures by which they attempted to reclaim him only exasperated
him the more against everything respected by his opponents and persecutors. Genius is by nature
aggressive or retaliatory; and the young poet, writhing and laughing hysterically, like Demogorgon,
returned the scorn of society with a scorn, the deeper and loftier in the end, that it grew
calm and became the abiding principle of a philosophic life. It was the act of his father which
drove Shelley into such open rebellion against gods and men. Very probably, though he might
have lived an infidel in religious matters, like tens of thousands of his fellows, he would
not have written, or, at least, published, such shocking things, if his father had been more
patient with a youth so organized. But parents have a right to show a terrible anger when thwarted
by their children, and in this case the father too much resembled the son in wilful impetuosity
of temper. Turned out of his first home, Shelley went wandering forth by land and sea,--a reed
shaken by the wind, a restless outcast yearning for repose and human sympathy, and in this
way encountering the questionable accidents of his troubled, unguarded life, and gathering
all the feverish inspiration of his melancholy and unfamiliar poetry.

With a sense of physical infirmity or defect which shaped the sequestered philosophy of the
Cowpers, the Bérangers, and others, the manlier minds of literature, including Byron himself,
in some measure, Shelley felt he was not fit for the shock and hum of men and the greater or
lesser legerdemain of life, and so turned shyly away to live and follow his plans and reveries
apart, after the law of his being, violating in this way what may be called the common law
of society, and meeting the fate of all nonconformists. He was slighted and ridiculed, and
even suspected; for people in general, when they see a man go aside from the highway, maundering
and talking to himself, think there must be a reason for it; they suppose him insane, or scornful,
or meditating a murder,--in any case, one to be visited with hard thoughts; and thus baffled
curiosity will grow uneasily into disgust, and into calumny, if not into some species of outrage,--and
very naturally, after all; for man is, on the whole, made for society, and society has a sovereign
right to take cognizance of him, his ways and his movements, as a matter of necessary surveillance.

The world will class men "in its coarse blacks and whites." Some mark Shelley with charcoal,
others with chalk,--the former considering him a reprobate, the latter admiring him as a high-souled
lover of human happiness and human liberty. But he was something of both together,--and would
have been nothing without that worst part of him. He ran perversely counter to the lessons
of his teachers, and acted in defiance of the regular opinions and habits of the world. He
was too out-spoken, like all genius; whereas the world inculcates the high practical wisdom
of a shut mouth and a secretive mind. Fontenelle, speaking according to the philosophy of the
crowd, says, "A wise man, with his fist full of truths, would open only his little finger."
