If the Baron has been in the path of a lettre de cachet, as the father of Mirabeau, that undoubtedly have been Percy Newgate, where they remain. 
The curse of the old seems to have clung to Shelley's mind until the end, and made him rebel against everything that bears the name. He attacked the father of the Hebrew theocracy with surprising bitterness, and joined Prometheus in the curse and dethrone Zeus, the usurper of Olympus. With him, the tyrant and his father were synonymous, and has reached the age Cenci, in the play of that name, with the same pencil unfilial fierce cross, blood and wormwood. Shelley was by nature, self-instruction, and the inexperience of life, impatient and full of momentum, and strong, and violent measures by which he tried to retrieve only further irritated him all the respect for their opponents and pursuers. The genius is by nature aggressive or retaliatory; and the young poet, squirming and laughing hysterically, like Demogorgon, returned the scorn of society with contempt, deeper and higher at the end, he calmed down and became the unalterable principle of a philosophical life. It was the act of his father that led to Shelley in open rebellion against these gods and men. It is very likely that, even though he might have lived an infidel in religious matters, like tens of thousands of their peers, not in writing, or at least post something so shocking, if his father had been a young patient with so organized. But parents have the right to display a terrible rage when frustrated by their children, and in this case the father was too impetuous child intentionally. What was your first house, so Shelley was wandering by land and sea - a reed shaken by the wind, a pariah rest incessant longing and human sympathy, and so find the questionable accidents of his life with problems without supervision, and the meeting for all the inspiration of his feverish melancholy poetry and family. 

With a sense of physical illness or defect that is the philosophy of kidnapped Cowper, Bérangers, and others, the male mind of literature, including Byron himself, to some extent, Shelley felt that he was unfit for the clash and humming and men sleight of hand more or less to live, and so turned timidly to live and follow their plans and dreams to one side, then the law of his being, thus violating what might be called the common law and in society meeting the fate of all dissidents. He was despised and ridiculed, and suspects; for people in general, when they see a man go to one side of the road, wandering and talking to himself, I think there must be a reason for it, suppose you crazy, or contempt, or meditate a murder - in any event , one going to visit with hard thoughts, and therefore grow concerned about the curious puzzled by disgust, and slander, if not in some species of outrage - and of course, really, after all, for man whole society is made for society, and has the sovereign right to take cognizance of it, forms and movements, as a matter of the required checks. 

The world is going to class men "in his thick black and white." Some brands Shelley with charcoal, chalk others - taking into account the ex him a reprobate, he admires as a lover of the high soul of human happiness and human liberty. But it was something of a mixture of both - and would have been nothing but the worst part of it. Perversely it was against the teachings of their teachers, and acted contrary to the opinions and customs of the world. I was too out spoken, like all genius, and that the world gives the practical wisdom of a big mouth closed and a peaceful mind. Fontenelle, speaking according to the philosophy of the crowd, said: "A wise man with a fist full of truth, open only his little finger."
