Though we have the same color, the same Great Spirit created us and gave us this land; we still are strangers to each other. We have seen how great a people the whites are. They are very rich and strong and it is foolish for us to fight with them. We shall go home with much knowledge gained from them and I shall advise my people to be quiet and live like good men. The advice which you gave us is very good and we mean to follow your advice in the future and to be satisfied with what we have and with tilling our lands.

From Buffalo the prisoners were taken across the sea to Detroit where they were received with less enthusiasm than in the other cities which they had passed through. The newspapers wrote on that day that an image of them was set on fire at that place. Black Hawk, in visiting the former residence of Governor Cass said, "This is the old council ground. I have had good counsel here but my path has led to the opposite shore and I did not hear."

When they were through with the visit to Detroit they proceeded to Green Bay and passed the Wisconsin to the Mississippi and down that river to Fort Armstrong, on Rock Island. A place they reached about the first of August. In passing by the site of the old Sac village, Black Hawk was deeply disturbed and regretted for the causes which compelled him to move beyond the Mississippi. The return of the Prophet was also attended with sadness. The village which he had always preached had long been taken over and was entirely destroyed and his house had been burnt to the ground and his family chased away and he beseeching for a home in the village of some other chief.

Fort Armstrong was chosen by Major Garland as the most appropriate spot for the ceremonies of the liberation of Black Hawk and his party. It's central position would enable him to assemble at short notice with many Indians from the surrounding villages. This was the favorite island of the Indians during the former years where it had been abundant in fruits and flowers and from time immemorial the favorite place of a good Spirit, which watched over their village and protected their hunting grounds. No spot could have been selected to awaken so many sad moments in the mind of Black Hawk, as Rock Island. For half a century people had witnessed his power and influence and it was going to be the place of his dishonor and surrender to his adversary.

Immediately after Major Garland arrived at Fort Armstrong he sent out soldiers to gather the neighboring Indians. The messenger who had been sent to Keokuk and his chief found that they had pitched camp about twenty miles below the island after returning from a buffalo hunt and were on their way to fort Armstrong to see the returning captives. The messenger returned that night and reported to Major Garland that the next day Keokuk and his men would reach Rock Island. About noon on the following day the sound of the Indian drum and the shouts and wild songs of his people announced the approach of the princely Keokuk. He came through the Mississippi and led the van with two large canoes side by side, handsomely decorated with a canopy erected over them and beneath which sat the chief and his three wives and the American flag waving over them. 

More than twenty canoes followed the chief with each containing from four to eight of his warriors whose shouts and songs swept over the transparent waters of the Mississippi, and were echoed from shore to shore. This fleet of canoes was rowed slowly up the stream until it passed the camp of the captives. It then returned and the party landed on the bank of the river opposite the camp of Black Hawk. Here Keokuk and his party spent several hours getting dressed and painting their faces and preparing their tools of war.
