Instead of trying to develop a moral sense in the small creature, asked her to Salemina alternative roses and oleanders with poppies in her hair and gave her a comb, and coral ear-rings in her birthday. So has a warm climate damage caused by strict Goodness Boston east winds.

Francesco - Cecco for short - is a general assistant in the kitchen, and a gondolier good to boot. When our little family has grown by more than three guests to dinner, Cecco press-service dining room, and become sub-servant Peppina. Here he is not alone. He scrubs his tanned face, until it shines like San Domingo mahogany, brushes his hair black to resemble a glossy sheen, and vulgar dons white cotton gloves to hide his hands working, stained and provide a spirit of fashion and elegance to the banquet. His discomfort is equal only by his earnestness and devotion to the dreaded task. Our American guests do not care what we have on our bill of fare, when they can steal a glance at the intensely dramatic and passionate Pina Cecco taking a corner of the dining room, and seizing her hand, desperately trying to find his next assignment. Then, too stiff back, he extends his right hand for guests, such as plate offerings held a pointer instead of a good thing. There is an extra servant to be taken when a function is great enough to warrant the expense, but as he wears carpet slippers and Pina flirts with him from the fruit soup, we find ourselves not served better in general, and prefer Cecco, as it transforms an ordinary meal into a beguiling comedy.

"What does it matter, after all?" Salemina asks. "This is life we're living, for the moment, but an act light opera, all painted with scenes of beautiful, charming and melodious music, gay and picturesque costumes. We are extremely well placed, and we have not responsibility of every thing: we leave it to Boston where he's probably rolling themselves larger and larger, as a meeting, but they were interested? "

"Who cares, really?" I echo. We are not here to form our character or to improve our minds, but let it rest, and when we see everything that opposses Byronic ideal of Venice (use the concertina as the national instrument that has this tendency), in order close our eyes to it. I have an appropriate connection to the real truth on issues such as statistics. I want to know the exact population of a city, the exact total number of children of school age, number of acres in Yellowstone Park, and the amount of wheat exported in 1862, but when it comes to things I touched my imagination Intervention bear some truth laboriously excavated, as my point of view is all nicely resolved, and my saints, heroes, martyrs and all are comfortably and picturesquely arranged in their respective guva or their pedestals appropriate.

When the facts man demolishes some pretty wrong ideas as William Tell and apples, it should be necessary to substitute something equally delightful and authentic. But he never does. It is a useful creature, but uninteresting, Man of the facts, and a travel companion or a relative to dinner, give me a fancy man, even if he does not have a grain of accurate knowledge about the hidden his person. I find it very important that the foundations of Glasgow, Birmingham, Manchester, or Spokane Falls must be rooted in safety, but Verona, Padua and Venice - well, in my opinion, they should be rooted in Byron and Ruskin and Shakespeare.

III

CASA ROSA, May 18.

A party such as bells greeted our ears on the morning of our first awakening to Casa Rosa!

"The establishment at the same time and dress quickly, Salemina! I said. "Either one is born heir to the throne, or a foreign Crown Prince has come to visit Venice, or maybe a Papal Bull is loose in Piazza San Marco. Whatever it is, we should not lose it, because I am keeping a diary.
