Instead of seeking to evolve some lesson sense in the little animal, Salemina inquired her to alternate roses and oleanders with poppies in her hair, and provided her a coral comb and ear-rings on her birthday. Thus does a moderately hot weather destabilise the firm virtue engendered by Boston east winds.
Francesco--Cecco for short--is general aide in the kitchen, and a good gondolier to boot. When our little family is expanded by more than three visitors at evening serving of food, Cecco is pushed into dining- room service, and becomes under-butler to Peppina. Here he is not at ease. He scrubs his tanned face until it polishes like San Domingo mahogany, paint brushes his very dark hair until the gloss resembles a varnish, and dons coarse white cotton fabric hand-coverings to hide his work- stained hands and give an air of latest tendency and elegance to the banquet. His humilitation is matching only by his earnestness and devotion to the feared task. Our American visitors manage not care what we have upon our account of fare when they can rob a glimpse at the intensely spectacular and impassioned Cecco taking Pina into a corner of the dining-room and, grabbing her hand, despairingly strive to find out his next duty. Then, with unbelievably rigid back, he expands his right hand to the visitor, as if the proffered plate held a scorpion rather than of a tidbit. There is an additional butler to be got when the function is a adequately impressive one to warrant the total cost, but as he wears carpet slippers and Pina flirts with him from broth to crop, we find us no better assisted on the entire, and favour Cecco, since he changes an commonplace serving of food into a beguiling comedy.

"What does it issue, after all?" inquires Salemina. "It is not life we are dwelling, for the instant, but an proceed of lightweight opera, with the scenes all attractively decorated, the melodies charming and melodious, the costumes gay and picturesque. We are occupying exceptionally good chairs, and we have no blame whatever: we left it in Boston, where it is likely revolving itself bigger and bigger, like a snowball; but who cares?"

"Who cares, indeed?" I echo. We are here not to pattern our individual characteristics or to advance our minds, but to let them relax; and when we glimpse any thing which opposses the Byronic perfect of Venice (the use of the concertina as the nationwide equipment having this tendency), we on reason close our eyes to it. I have a correct consider for reality in affairs of detail like statistics. I desire to understand the accurate community of a village, the accurate total of young children of school age, the number of acres in the Yellowstone Park, and the allowance of wheat exported in 1862; but when it arrives to things moving my fantasy I resent the intrusion of some laboriously excavated reality, after my issue of outlook is all in a nice way resolved, and my saints, champions, and martyrs are all snugly and picturesquely organised in their respective niches or on their correct pedestals.

When the Man of Fact demolishes some attractive fallacy like William Tell and the apple crop, he should be needed to alternate certain thing identically charming and more authentic. But he not ever does. He is a helpful but uninteresting animal, the Man of Fact, and for a journeying companion or a close by at evening serving of food give me the Man of Fancy, even if he has not a kernel of accurate information hid about his person. It appears to me highly significant that the bases of Glasgow, Birmingham, Manchester, or Spokane Falls should be fixed in certainty; but Verona, Padua, and Venice--well, in my attitude, they should be fixed in Byron and Ruskin and Shakespeare.

III

CASA ROSA, May 18.

Such a fanfare of chimes as greeted our ears on the forenoon of our first awakening in Casa Rosa!

"Rise at one time and dress rapidly, Salemina!" I said. "Either an heir has been born to the throne, or a foreign Crown Prince has arrive to visit Venice, or possibly a Papal Bull is loose in the Piazza San Marco. Whatever it is, we should not overlook it, as I am holding a diary."
