Instead of trying to develop some moral sense in the
little creature, Salemina asked her to alternate roses and oleanders with poppies in her hair,
and gave her a coral comb and ear-rings on her birthday.  Thus does a warm climate undermine
the strict virtue engendered by Boston east winds.

Francesco--Cecco for short--is general assistant in the kitchen, and a good gondolier to boot.
When our little family is increased by more than three guests at dinner, Cecco is pressed into
dining- room service, and becomes under-butler to Peppina.  Here he is not at ease.  He scrubs
his tanned face until it shines like San Domingo mahogany, brushes his black hair until the
gloss resembles a varnish, and dons coarse white cotton gloves to conceal his work- stained
hands and give an air of fashion and elegance to the banquet.  His embarrassment is equalled
only by his earnestness and devotion to the dreaded task.  Our American guests do not care
what we have upon our bill of fare when they can steal a glance at the intensely dramatic and
impassioned Cecco taking Pina into a corner of the dining-room and, seizing her hand, despairingly
endeavour to find out his next duty.  Then, with incredibly stiff back, he extends his right
hand to the guest, as if the proffered plate held a scorpion instead of a tidbit.  There is
an extra butler to be obtained when the function is a sufficiently grand one to warrant the
expense, but as he wears carpet slippers and Pina flirts with him from soup to fruit, we find
ourselves no better served on the whole, and prefer Cecco, since he transforms an ordinary
meal into a beguiling comedy.

"What does it matter, after all?" asks Salemina.  "It is not life we are living, for the moment,
but an act of light opera, with the scenes all beautifully painted, the music charming and
melodious, the costumes gay and picturesque.  We are occupying exceptionally good seats, and
we have no responsibility whatever:  we left it in Boston, where it is probably rolling itself
larger and larger, like a snowball; but who cares?"

"Who cares, indeed?" I echo.  We are here not to form our characters or to improve our minds,
but to let them relax; and when we see anything which opposses the Byronic ideal of Venice
(the use of the concertina as the national instrument having this tendency), we deliberately
close our eyes to it.  I have a proper regard for truth in matters of fact like statistics.
I want to know the exact population of a town, the precise total of children of school age,
the number of acres in the Yellowstone Park, and the amount of wheat exported in 1862; but
when it comes to things touching my imagination I resent the intrusion of some laboriously
excavated truth, after my point of view is all nicely settled, and my saints, heroes, and martyrs
are all comfortably and picturesquely arranged in their respective niches or on their proper
pedestals.

When the Man of Fact demolishes some pretty fallacy like William Tell and the apple, he should
be required to substitute something equally delightful and more authentic.  But he never does.
He is a useful but uninteresting creature, the Man of Fact, and for a travelling companion
or a neighbour at dinner give me the Man of Fancy, even if he has not a grain of exact knowledge
concealed about his person.  It seems to me highly important that the foundations of Glasgow,
Birmingham, Manchester, or Spokane Falls should be rooted in certainty; but Verona, Padua,
and Venice--well, in my opinion, they should be rooted in Byron and Ruskin and Shakespeare.

III

CASA ROSA, May 18.

Such a fanfare of bells as greeted our ears on the morning of our first awakening in Casa Rosa!

"Rise at once and dress quickly, Salemina!" I said.  "Either an heir has been born to the throne,
or a foreign Crown Prince has come to visit Venice, or perhaps a Papal Bull is loose in the
Piazza San Marco.  Whatever it is, we must not miss it, as I am keeping a diary."
