Instead of trying to develop a moral sense of the creature, asked her alternate Salemina poppies and oleander roses in her hair, and gave him a coral comb and earrings on her birthday. This is how a warm climate to undermine the strict virtue engendered by the winds of East Boston. 
Francesco - Cecco for short - is the general assistant in the kitchen, and a gondolier good to boot. When our little family is increased by more than three guests at dinner, Cecco is pressed into service in the dining room and butler becomes Peppina. Here is a taste. He washes his face tanned until it shines like the San Domingo mahogany, black hair is washed until the glare is like a varnish, and put thick white cotton gloves to hide their hands stained with the work and give an air of fashion and elegance to the banquet. The shame is matched only by his earnestness and dedication to the dreaded task. U.S. Customers do not care what we have in our list of dishes when you can steal a glance at the dramatic intensity and passionate Cecco taking Pina in a corner of the dining room and, seizing her hand, desperate effort to discover their next duty. Then, with very stiff back, extends his right hand to the guest, as if the board offered a place instead of a scorpion bite. There is an additional butler is obtained when the function is a big enough one to justify the expense, but as has shoes and Pina flirts with him from soup to fruit, we are no better than presented in the all, and prefer Cecco, and that transforms an ordinary meal into a seductive comedy. 

"What matters, after all?" Salemina calls. "It is not the life we're living for the moment, but an act operetta, all beautifully painted scenes, charming and melodious music, the costumes bright and colorful. We take the seats exceptionally good, and we have no responsibility whatsoever : what's up in Boston, where it is probably rolling their own bigger and bigger, like a snowball, but who cares? " 

"Who cares, right?" I echo. We are not here to form our character or to improve our minds, but to let them rest, and when we see something that opposses the Byronic ideal of Venice (the use of the concertina as the national instrument have this tendency), we decided to close its eyes to it . I have a good sense of truth in matters of fact and statistics. I want to know the exact population of a city, the exact total of schoolchildren, the number of acres in Yellowstone Park, and the amount of wheat exported in 1862, but when it comes to playing things in my imagination bothers me intrusion of some truth laboriously excavated after my point of view is all very well resolved, and my saints, heroes and martyrs are comfortable and prettily arranged in their respective niches or on pedestals appropriate. 

When the man actually destroys some pretty fallacy as William Tell and the apple, should be required to replace something equally delicious and authentic. But never does. It is a useful, but not very interesting, Man Made, and a traveling companion or a neighbor at dinner gives me the man of imagination, even if you have a grain of accurate knowledge hidden on his person. It seems very important that the bases of Glasgow, Birmingham, Manchester, or Spokane Falls should be rooted in safety, but Verona, Padua and Venice - and, in my opinion, must be rooted in Byron and Ruskin and Shakespeare. 

III 

Casa Rosa, 18 May. 

The fanfare of bells and welcome to our ears in the morning of our first awakening in the Casa Rosa! 

"Rise at once and dressed quickly, Salemina!" I said. "Either one is born heir to the throne, or a foreign crown prince has come to visit Venice, or maybe a Papal Bull is loose in the Plaza de San Marcos. Whatever it is, we must not lose, because I am keeping one day. "
