The nævi occur on any part of the body,the dilated arteriole or a vein winding about among the capillaries may  be detected. But they are most frequent on the face. Multiple and vary greatly in size, some  no bigger than a pin-head, while others cover large areas of the body. In colour of every tint from purple to brilliant red.  A considerable dash of blue, especially in cold weather.

The cutaneous  shows  tendency to disappear,unlike the other forms of nævi.It is especially persistent when associated with overgrowth of the epidermis and of the hairs--nævoid mole.

It is difficult in removing the nævus without leaving a scar by disfiguring.The treatment of the cutaneous nævus is unsatisfactory.  Very small nævi may be destroyed by a fine pointed Paquelin thermo-cautery, or by escharotics, such as nitric acid. For larger nævi, radium and solidified carbon dioxide ("CO₂ snow") may be used. The extensive port-wine stains so often met with on the face are best left alone.

The subcutaneous nævus is comparatively rare. It constitutes a well-defined, localised tumour, which may possess a distinct capsule, especially when it has ceased to grow or is retrogressing. On section, it presents the appearance of a finely reticulated sponge.

Within a few days of birth, a subcutaneous nævus is often overlooked, especially on a covered part of the body. This may  be discovered when the patient is some years old. It forms a rounded, lobulated swelling, seldom of large size and yielding a sensation like that of a sponge. The skin over it is normal, or may exhibit a bluish tinge, especially in cold weather. In some cases the tumour is diminished , but slowly fills again when the pressure is relaxed, and it swells up when the child struggles or cries. From a cold abscess it is diagnosed by the history and progress of the swelling and by the absence of fluctuation. Simulates a hernia when situated over or close to one of the hernial openings. When  occurs in the middle line of the face, head, or back, it may be mistaken for other congenital conditions as meningocele or spina bifida. The use of an exploring needle clears up the diagnosis.

Mixed Nævus.--The mixed nævus partakes of the characters of the other two varieties. It is a subcutaneous nævus with involvement of the skin, frequently on the face and head, but may occur on any part of the body. It also affects parts covered by mucous membrane, such as the cheek, tongue, and soft palate. The swelling is rounded or lobulated, and projects beyond the level of its surroundings. Sometimes the skin is invaded by the nævoid tissue over the whole extent of the tumour, only over a limited area.  Margin is of a bright-red colour, while the skin in the centre resembles a cicatrix frequently . The swelling is reduced by steady pressure increases in size and becomes tense when the child cries.


Prognosis.--The rate of growth of the subcutaneous  sometimes increase rapidly, especially during the first few months of life. After this they usually grow at the same rate as the child, even slowly. There is a decided tendency to disappearance of these varieties, fully 50 per cent. undergoing natural cure by a process of obliteration, similar to the obliteration of vessels in cicatricial tissue. An increased activity of growth may be shown at  periods, usually begins about the period of the first dentition or at the second dentition, and sometimes at puberty. The onset of natural cure is recognised by the tumour becoming firmer and less compressible, by the colour becoming less bright.
