A dilated arteriole or a
vein winding about among the capillaries may sometimes be detected. These nævi occur on any
part of the body, but they are most frequently met with on the face. They may be multiple,
and vary greatly in size, some being no bigger than a pin-head, while others cover large areas
of the body. In colour they present every tint from purple to brilliant red; in the majority
there is a considerable dash of blue, especially in cold weather.

Unlike the other forms of nævi, the cutaneous variety shows little tendency to disappear, and
it is especially persistent when associated with overgrowth of the epidermis and of the hairs--nævoid
mole.

The treatment of the cutaneous nævus is unsatisfactory, owing to the difficulty of removing
the nævus without leaving a scar which is even more disfiguring. Very small nævi may be destroyed
by a fine pointed Paquelin thermo-cautery, or by escharotics, such as nitric acid. For larger
nævi, radium and solidified carbon dioxide ("CO₂ snow") may be used. The extensive port-wine
stains so often met with on the face are best left alone.

The subcutaneous nævus is comparatively rare. It constitutes a well-defined, localised tumour,
which may possess a distinct capsule, especially when it has ceased to grow or is retrogressing.
On section, it presents the appearance of a finely reticulated sponge.

Although it may be noticed at, or within a few days of, birth, a subcutaneous nævus is often
overlooked, especially when on a covered part of the body, and may not be discovered till the
patient is some years old. It forms a rounded, lobulated swelling, seldom of large size and
yielding a sensation like that of a sponge; the skin over it is normal, or may exhibit a bluish
tinge, especially in cold weather. In some cases the tumour is diminished by pressing the blood
out of it, but slowly fills again when the pressure is relaxed, and it swells up when the child
struggles or cries. From a cold abscess it is diagnosed by the history and progress of the
swelling and by the absence of fluctuation. When situated over one of the hernial openings,
it closely simulates a hernia; and when it occurs in the middle line of the face, head, or
back, it may be mistaken for such other congenital conditions as meningocele or spina bifida.
When other means fail, the use of an exploring needle clears up the diagnosis.

Mixed Nævus.--As its name indicates, the mixed nævus partakes of the characters of the other
two varieties; that is, it is a subcutaneous nævus with involvement of the skin.

It is frequently met with on the face and head, but may occur on any part of the body. It also
affects parts covered by mucous membrane, such as the cheek, tongue, and soft palate. The swelling
is rounded or lobulated, and projects beyond the level of its surroundings. Sometimes the skin
is invaded by the nævoid tissue over the whole extent of the tumour, sometimes only over a
limited area. Frequently the margin only is of a bright-red colour, while the skin in the centre
resembles a cicatrix. The swelling is reduced by steady pressure, and increases in size and
becomes tense when the child cries.

Prognosis.--The rate of growth of the subcutaneous and mixed forms of nævi varies greatly.
They sometimes increase rapidly, especially during the first few months of life; after this
they usually grow at the same rate as the child, or more slowly. There is a decided tendency
to disappearance of these varieties, fully 50 per cent. undergoing natural cure by a process
of obliteration, similar to the obliteration of vessels in cicatricial tissue. This usually
begins about the period of the first dentition, sometimes at the second dentition, and sometimes
at puberty. On the other hand, an increased activity of growth may be shown at these periods.
The onset of natural cure is recognised by the tumour becoming firmer and less compressible,
and, in the mixed variety, by the colour becoming less bright.
