There are niches in different parts which held the holy water once, by which faithful devotees of former times sprinkled their foreheads upon entering before the altar, I am not aware of any remains other than those of the old church which are now visible in this chapel. Passing through the eastern end of the southern aisle, two gates lead into the Virgin Mary's Chapel."

From what we can recall of this Chapel's character, architecture lovers do not have much to mourn in its removal. E.E., our Correspondent, adds that "This, and not the Lady Chapel, it was, (No. 456 of The Mirror,) that contained the gravestone of one Bishop Wickham, who, however, was not the famous builder of Windsor Castle, in the time of Edward III., but died in 1595, the same year in which he was translated from the see of Lincoln to that of Winchester. His gravestone, now lying exposed in the churchyard, marks the south-east corner of the site of the aforesaid Magdalen Chapel."

-----

SCOTTISH ECONOMY.

SHAVINGS V. COAL & PEAT.

{To the Editor.)

Entirely meaning no anger whatsoever, allow me to inform your well-intentioned correspondent, M.L.B., that his observations on the denizes of "Auld Reekie" are rather like the topic of his earlier work "Shavings," in that they are quite shallow.

Though one would fail to consider improvidence a feature in the Scottish character, your flying tourist charges "the gude folk o
 Embro" with grand indulgences in making bonfires from their carpenters' chips; and reflects in the true heart of civilization how much preferable it might have been for the builder's chips to have been used in lighting household fires, obviously saving bundle-wood in great quantities, than to have so recklessly forced them to waste their gases on the desert air. But your traveller neglected to remember that in certain countries wherein wheat in bountiful, rye is scarely consumed; and on that same principle, where coal and peat are abundant, as they are in Scotland, the "natives" like ancient Vestals would never let their fires burn out, but keep them burning through the night. The business of such a "gude man" is then, immediately before leaving to reset, to load coals onto the fire, and top the supply with a "canny passack o' turf," which maintains the flames in a state of gentle combustion; when, that next morning, provides an instant flame. But, unfortunately, should any inconvenient "o'er-night clishmaclaver" happen to neglect this duty, leaving the fire to feed enviously upon itself, a remedy is readily available in the form of a pan "o' live coals" from a more fortunate neighbour, living an upper or lower "flat;" and so is the mischief cured in the absence of bundle-wood or "shavings".

It is my hope that this explanation will sufficiently free my friends the Scots from M.L.B.'s aspersion. The Scots, thriftless? Never! Workhouses are as scarce in Scotland as bundle-wood, or clever tourists. Remember that I am not impassioned; yet I will say, though the gorge may choke me, that M.L.B. reminds me strongly of that French princess, who upon hearing of manufacturers dying of starvation, cried, "Poor fools! Die of starvation -- if I were them I would eat bread and cheese first."

Upon M.L.B.'s next visit to Scotland, pray him ask the first peasant he may encounter how one keeps eggs fresh for years; and he will reply that one must rub a little butter or oil over them within two days of laying, and they will remain perfectly fresh for any length of time. This discovery, made in France by the esteem Reamur, is dependent for success upon the oil filling the pores of the egg-shell, and thereby preventing the perspiration of the egg's fluids into the atmosphere -- a necessary agent in putrefaction. Preserving eggs in such a way has long been practiced throughout "braid Scotland;" yet it is rather less well-known in our own esteemed nation of stale eggs and bundle-wood.
