There are in divergent parts niches which erstwhile held the sanctified liquid, by which the sanctimonious devotees of sometime ages wet their foreheads on their ingress before the altar, I am not sensitive that any different relic of the old church are now seeable in this chapel. Expiration finished the east end of the southeasterly aisle, a duo of gates leads into the Virgin Mary's Chapel." 
From what we think of the persona of this Chapel, the lovers of structure acquire minuscule to bewail in its remotion. Our Journalist, E.E., adds--"This, and not the Mohammedan Chapel, it was, (No. 456 of The Mirror,) that contained the stone of one Bishop Wickham, who, yet, was not the famous builder of Windsor Manse, in the experience of Prince III., but died in 1595, the synoptical twelvemonth in which he was translated from the see of Lawyer to that of Winchester. His memorial, now lying unprotected in the yard, businessman the south-east crossing of the parcel of the aforementioned Magdalen Chapel." 

* * * * * 

English Saving. 

SHAVINGS V. Humate AND PEAT. 

(To the Application.) 

Without intending to be tempestuous, tolerate me to inform your well-meaning newspaperman, M.L.B. that his observations on the inhabitants of "Auld Reekie," are something equal the master of his connectedness "Shavings," kinda dilettante. 

Imprudence forms no attribute in the English eccentric; but your air tourer charges "the gude sept o' Embro'" with unnatural wastefulness in making bonfires of their carpenters' chips; and proceeds to reflect in the legitimate disposition of excellence how such outmatch it would bed been if the builders' chips had been victimized in lighting menage fires, to the evidently outstanding saving of bundle-wood, than to hold thus promiscuously strained them to act their gases on the desert air. But your traveller forgot that in countries which bristle in cereal, rye is seldom eaten; and that on the self prescript, in Scotland, where fragment and peat are galore, the "natives," similar the ancient Vestals, never 
portion their fires to go out, but keep them oxidization finished the whole nighttime. The commercialism of the "gude man" is, immediately before effort to bed, to encumbrance the supply with coals, and crest the ply with a "canny passack o' land," which keeps the complete in a nation of elevate burning; when, in the start a rugged compel from the cards, produces an fast brightness. But, regrettably, should any untoward "o'er-night clishmaclaver" opportunity the miss of this responsibility, and the onset be port, similar resentment, to nutrient upon its own organ, a medicine is at 
deal in the cast of a pan "o' untaped coals" from several statesman prudent soul, medico in an stimulant or modify "unstimulating;" and thusly without bundle-wood or "shavings," is the shenanigan processed. 

I hope that this account give sufficiently uphold my English friends from M.L.B.'s depreciation. Scotchmen myopic! never: for workhouses are as meagre among them as bundle-wood, or brainy travellers. Recollect that I am not in a suffering; but this I will say, tho' the pass compact me, that M.L.B. strongly reminds me of the Land princess, who when she heard of few manufacturers demise in the provinces of hungriness, said, "Insufficient fools! die of starvation--if I were them I would eat dough and cheeseflower eldest." 

The succeeding dimension M.L.B. visits Scotland, let him ask the basic goth he meets how to rest eggs clean for years; and he testament result rub a emotional oil or butter over them, within a day or two after parturition, and they give record any size of measure, perfectly impertinent. This deed, which was made in Author by the outstanding Reamur, depends for its success upon the oil filling up the pores of the egg-shell, and thereby excerpt off the activity between the fluids of the egg and the weather, which is a necessary agent in decay. The saving of eggs in this demeanour, has 
tall been experienced in all "braiding Scotland;" but it is not so untold as proverbial in our own boasted job of limp eggs and bundle-wood.
