There
    are in different parts niches which once held the holy water, by
    which the pious devotees of former ages sprinkled their foreheads
    on their entrance before the altar, I am not aware that any other
    remains of the old church are now visible in this chapel. Passing
    through the eastern end of the south aisle, a pair of gates leads
    into the Virgin Mary's Chapel."

From what we remember of the character of this Chapel, the lovers of architecture have little
to lament in its removal. Our Correspondent, E.E., adds--"This, and not the Lady Chapel, it
was, (No. 456 of The Mirror,) that contained the gravestone of one Bishop Wickham, who, however,
was not the famous builder of Windsor Castle, in the time of Edward III., but died in 1595,
the same year in which he was translated from the see of Lincoln to that of Winchester. His
gravestone, now lying exposed in the churchyard, marks the south-east corner of the site of
the aforesaid Magdalen Chapel."

       *       *       *       *       *

SCOTTISH ECONOMY.

SHAVINGS V. COAL AND PEAT.

(To the Editor.)

Without intending to be angry, permit me to inform your well-meaning correspondent, M.L.B.
that his observations on the inhabitants of "Auld Reekie," are something like the subject of
his communication "Shavings," rather superficial.

Improvidence forms no feature in the Scottish character; but your flying tourist charges "the
gude folk o' Embro'" with monstrous extravagance in making bonfires of their carpenters' chips;
and proceeds to reflect in the true spirit of civilization how much better it would have been
if the builders' chips had been used in lighting household fires, to the obviously great saving
of bundle-wood, than to have thus wantonly forced them to waste their gases on the desert air.
But your traveller forgot that in countries which abound in wheat, rye is seldom eaten; and
that on the same principle, in Scotland, where coal and peat are abundant, the "natives," like
the ancient Vestals, never allow their fires to go out, but keep them burning through the whole
night. The business of the "gude man" is, immediately before going to bed, to load the fire
with coals, and crown the supply with a "canny passack o' turf," which keeps the whole in a
state of gentle combustion; when, in the morning a sturdy thrust from the poker, produces an
instantaneous blaze. But, unfortunately, should any untoward "o'er-night clishmaclaver" occasion
the neglect of this duty, and the fire be left, like envy, to feed upon its own vitals, a remedy
is at hand in the shape of a pan "o' live coals" from some more provident neighbour, resident
in an upper or lower "flat;" and thus without bundle-wood or "shavings," is the mischief cured.

I hope that this explanation will sufficiently vindicate my Scottish friends from M.L.B.'s
aspersion. Scotchmen improvident! never: for workhouses are as scarce among them as bundle-wood,
or intelligent travellers. Recollect that I am not in a passion; but this I will say, though
the gorge choke me, that M.L.B. strongly reminds me of the French princess, who when she heard
of some manufacturers dying in the provinces of starvation, said, "Poor fools! die of starvation--if
I were them I would eat bread and cheese first."

The next time M.L.B. visits Scotland, let him ask the first peasant he meets how to keep eggs
fresh for years; and he will answer rub a little oil or butter over them, within a day or two
after laying, and they will keep any length of time, perfectly fresh. This discovery, which
was made in France by the great Reamur, depends for its success upon the oil filling up the
pores of the egg-shell, and thereby cutting off the perspiration between the fluids of the
egg and the atmosphere, which is a necessary agent in putrefaction. The preservation of eggs
in this manner, has long been practised in all "braid Scotland;" but it is not so much as known
in our own boasted land of stale eggs and bundle-wood.
