There are different parts niches that once held holy water by which the pious devotees of the past sprayed in front of the entrance to the altar, I am not aware that other remnants of the old church is now visible in this chapel. Going through the eastern end of the south aisle, a couple of doors leading to the Chapel of the Virgin Mary. "

From what I remember of the nature of this chapel, who loves architecture has little to regret in their removal. Our correspondent, EE, adds - "This, and the chapel of Virgin, which was (No. 456 of The Mirror), which contains the tomb of a Bishop Wickham, who was not the famous builder Windsor Castle, at the time of Edward III . but died in 1595, the same year he was transferred from the seat of Lincoln to Winchester. His tomb, which is now exposed in the cemetery marks the south-east corner of the place which chapel Magdalene. "

* * * * *

Scottish economy.

V. CHIP coal and peat.

(For editor.)

Without wanting to be angry, I can tell your partner with good intentions, MLB, that his remarks on the inhabitants of "Auld Reekie," is something the theme of your communication "chips" rather superficial.

Unpredictability is not a function of the nature of Scotland, but his escape tourist "or the popular gods' embro" with monstrous extravagance in making bonfires of their chips, carpenters, and proceeds to reflect the true spirit of civilization would have been much better if chip manufacturers were used in the lighting of fires in the home, to save, of course, a big block of wood, which has so arbitrarily forced to lose their gas in the desert air. But the traveler who has forgotten that in countries which are abundant in wheat, rye is rarely eaten, and that the same principle, in Scotland, where coal and peat are abundant, "natives" as the old Vestal, never let your fire go out, but so warm all night. The business of the "Gude Man" is, immediately before bedtime, to load the fire with fire, supply and crown with one or passack "clever" grass "that keeps everything in a state of mild burning, and when, in the morning, a strong pressure in poker, produces an instant glow. But unfortunately, that in case of problem "clishmaclaver o'er night" mark the abandonment of this right and the fire was stopped, like envy, to feed their own entrails, a solution is at hand in the form of a bread "or" ashes "of a neighbor more than expected, residing in an upper or lower" flat "and therefore no packet of wood or" chip "is the wrong cure.

I hope this explanation is enough to justify my Scottish friends MLB spray. Scottish improvident! ever: the workhouse are so few among them as a bundle of wood, or smart travelers. Remember, I'm not a passion, but I say that although my throat choked, MLB strongly reminds me of the Princess of France when he heard some manufacturers in the provinces dying of hunger, he said, "Poor fools! Hunger - If I were them I would eat bread and cheese first. "

Next time M.L.B. Visit Scotland, let him ask the first peasant who knows how to keep fresh eggs for years, and he will respond to rub a little oil or butter on them in a day or two after construction, and will continue too long, quite fresh. This discovery was made in France by the great Reaumur, depends for its success in the oil filling the pores of the eggshell and thus transpiration between fluids of eggs and the atmosphere, which is a necessary condition agent of putrefaction. The preservation of eggs in this way has long been practiced throughout Scotland "merge, but not as much as it is known in our own boasted land old eggs and timber package.
