There are in distinct components niches which one time held the holy water, by which the pious devotees of previous ages sprinkled their foreheads on their entry before the altar, I am not cognizant that any other continues of the vintage place of adoration are now evident in this chapel. Passing through the to the east end of the south aisle, a two of barriers directs into the Virgin Mary's Chapel." 

From what we recall of the feature of this Chapel, the lovers of architecture have little to lament in its removal. Our Correspondent, E.E., adds--"This, and not the Lady Chapel, it was, (No. 456 of The Mirror,) that comprised the gravestone of one Bishop Wickham, who, although, was not the well renowned builder of Windsor Castle, in the time of Edward III., but past away in 1595, the identical year in which he was converted from the glimpse of Lincoln to that of Winchester. His gravestone, now lying revealed in the churchyard, brands the south-east corner of the location of the aforesaid Magdalen Chapel." 

* * * * * 

SCOTTISH ECONOMY. 

SHAVINGS V. COAL AND PEAT. 

(To the Editor.) 

Without proposing to be furious, allow me to announce your well-meaning correspondent, M.L.B. that his facts on the inhabitants of "Auld Reekie," are certain thing like the subject of his connection "Shavings," rather superficial. 

Improvidence types no characteristic in the Scottish character; but your soaring tourist allegations "the gude folk o' Embro'" with monstrous extravagance in producing bonfires of their carpenters' chips; and advances to contemplate in the factual essence of civilization how much better it would have been if the builders' chips had been utilised in lighting house blazes, to the conspicuously large keeping of bundle-wood, than to have therefore wantonly compelled them to waste their gases on the wasteland air. But your tourist forgot that in nations which abound in wheat, rye is seldom eaten; and that on the identical standard, in Scotland, where coal and peat are abundant, the "natives," like the very vintage Vestals, not ever permit their blazes to proceed out, but hold them flaming through the entire night. The enterprise of the "gude man" is, directly before going to bed, to burden the blaze with coals, and crest the provide with a "canny passack o' turf," which holds the entire in a state of mild combustion; when, in the forenoon a sturdy push from the poker, makes an instantaneous blaze. But, regrettably, should any untoward "o'er-night clishmaclaver" event the neglect of this obligation, and the blaze be left, like envy, to feed upon its own vitals, a remedy is at hand in the form of a pot "o' reside coals" from some more provident close by, inhabitant in an top or smaller "flat;" and therefore without bundle-wood or "shavings," is the mischief cured. 

I wish that this interpretation will adequately justify my Scottish associates from M.L.B.'s aspersion. Scotchmen improvident! never: for workhouses are as scarce amidst them as bundle-wood, or smart travellers. Recollect that I am not in a passion; but this I will state, though the gorge choke me, that M.L.B. powerfully recalls me of the French princess, who when she learned of some manufacturers staining in the provinces of starvation, said, "Poor fools! pass away of starvation--if I were them I would consume baked bread and dairy cheese first." 

The next time M.L.B. visits Scotland, let him inquire the first peasant he encounters how to hold for demonstration new for years; and he will response wipe a little oil or dairy disperse over them, inside a day or two after laying, and they will hold any extent of time, flawlessly fresh. This breakthrough, which was made in France by the large Reamur, counts for its achievement upon the oil loading up the pores of the egg-shell, and thereby chopping off the perspiration between the fluids of the egg and the air, which is a essential agency in putrefaction. The preservation of for demonstration in this kind, has long been skilful in all "braid Scotland;" but it is not so much as renowned in our own bragged land of stale for demonstration and bundle-wood.
