This fact with, that there is a general statute relating to the offence of obstructing the judicial processes, shows that this statute requires the actual circumstances of property and escape to be true, and applies only to cases where they must prove to be true. 

If this is not it, what is the result? If a man claims another without process, by putting his hand on his shoulder, although the man can be as free as you or I, if he resists, or his friends support him in opposition to, is the offence committed. A man is claimed as a fugitive slave, been rescued or aided in his escape. You cannot refuse to surrender a colored boy or girl born in your House, free parents that any man knocks out at the door and claim the child, with or without a warrant, without incurring penalties of this Act. This monstrous construction can never be admitted. I Implore Commissioner to reconsider its intimated opinion on this point, and to hold the Government to the preliminary evidence, at the beginning of the person who rescued was a slave of the law of Virginia, was a slave of the man, who claimed him, and was a flight from the State of slavery. 

What evidence have there been any of these facts? There has been no evidence offered, a prisoner was a slave of the law of Virginia!--there has been no evidence offered that he was a slave of Mr. Debree! There has been no evidence offered that he was a flight from a State of slavery! Mr. Riley return on the warrant specifies that he had arrested "it within named Shadrach," were admitted as evidence. I solemnly protested against the receipt of return as evidence in a criminal procedure between other parties; but it was received, and for some time is held to be convincing. But in reply to my question, Mr. Riley replied that he did not know the man, he arrested the man named in the warrant must. And how could he know it? This canceled return, and the Government had no evidence. District Attorney saw this and rising in his room in a threatening tone, said to Mr Riley, "I warn you, sir, not to give this witness!" Testimony was true, and it was admitted by the Court. Why did Mr. Riley warned? He was warned about personal reasons. It was an official warning, as the agent of the Executive to one of its employees. 

Mr. Lunt--I deny that it was a private warning. It was the public, and proper reasons. 

Mr. Dana--it was the private or secret reasons, not in view, not apparent,--some political or governmental terror, known only to the parties. There is no escaping this. The line saw the Audience saw it.. it was drawn with a pen of iron and put into rock forever! 

All proof of identity does not have the Government's drive to its last Shift. Colonel Thomas is called, and he testifies that the agent of Mr Debree said to him, in the court-room when a prisoner were brought in, "this is my boy!" This is hearsay evidence proof of rumours. It is outrageous! Still hung on this slim thread of illegal testimony, all the evidence for the facts of identity, slavery and escape. If it is enough to prove that the man was rescued, and who the man was taken into police custody, the Court sat in reality, no one denies it, but if it becomes necessary to show that the man in custody was the man named in the warrant or that he was a slave and a fugitive slave, no competent evidence for any of these facts, and no evidence at all, but one of them. 

This man was not rescued from the Court. The Court had adjourned. Marshal had chosen to make the court-room a slave jail. The offence would have been the same in the eyes of the law, if he had been rescued from the hands of the agent has no order in the streets or in a railroad car. 

I have nothing more to refer to the Court about the topic of the law applicable in this case. I will now call your Honor attention to the facts in evidence. 

In order to avoid duplication and confusion, I would like to call your attention to Honor individual points. 

1. 

 

This fact sheet, with the fact that there is a general statute relating to the offence of obstructing judicial processes, shows that this statute assumes the facts of property and escape to be true, and applies only to cases in which they shall give it a try to be true. 

If this is not so, what is the result? 

If a man claims another, without process, by putting his hand on his shoulder, though the man may be as free as you or I, if he resists, or his friends aid him in resisting, the offence is committed. 

A man claimed as a Fugitive Slave, has been rescued or aided in his escape. 

You cannot refuse to deliver up a colored boy or girl born in your house, of free parents, to any man who knocks at your door and claims the child, with or without a warrant, without incurring the penalties of this act. 

This monstrous construction can never be admitted. 

I beseech the Commissioner to reconsider his intimated opinion on this point, and to hold the Government to preliminary proof, in the outset, that the person rescued was a slave by the law of Virginia, was the slave of the man who claimed him, and was a fugitive from that state of Slavery. 

What evidence has there been of any of these facts? 

There has been no evidence offered that the prisoner was a slave by the law of Virginia!--There has been no evidence offered that he was the slave of Mr. Debree! 

There has been no evidence offered that he was a fugitive from a state of slavery! 

Mr. Riley's return upon the warrant, stating that he had arrested "the within named Shadrach," was admitted as evidence. 

I solemnly protested against the reception of the return as evidence in a criminal proceeding between other parties; but it was received, and for a while held to be conclusive. 

But, in answer to my question, Mr. Riley replied that he did not know the man he arrested to be the man named in the warrant. 

And how could he know it? 

This nullified the return, and the government had no evidence. 

The District Attorney saw this, and rising in his seat, in a threatening tone, said to Mr. Riley, "I warn you, sir, not to give that testimony!" 

The testimony was true, and it was admitted by the court. 

Why was Mr. Riley warned? 

He was warned for private reasons. 

It was an official warning, by the agent of the Executive to one of its servants. 

Mr. Lunt--I deny that it was a private warning. 

It was public, and for proper reasons. 

Mr. Dana--It was for private, or secret reasons, not given, not apparent,--some political or governmental terror, known only to the parties. 

There is no escape from this. 

The bar saw it. 

The audience saw it. 

It is graven with a pen of iron, and laid up in the rock forever! 

All evidence of identity having failed, the government is driven to its last shift. 

Col. Thomas is called in, and he testifies that the agent of Mr. Debree said to him, in the Court-room, when the prisoner was brought in, "That is my boy!" 

This is hearsay evidence upon hearsay evidence. 

It is monstrous! 

Yet on this slender thread of illegal testimony, hung all the evidence of the facts of identity, slavery and escape. 

If it is enough to prove that the man rescued was the man in custody, and upon whom the Court was sitting in fact, no one denies it. 

But if it be necessary to show that the man in custody was the man named in the warrant, or that he was a slave, and a fugitive slave, there has been no competent evidence of any of those facts, and no evidence at all but of one of them. 

This man was not rescued from the Court. 

The Court had adjourned. 

The Marshal had chosen to make the Court-room a slave jail. 

The offence would have been the same in the eye of the law, if he had been rescued from the hands of the agent having no warrant, in the streets, or in a railroad car. 

I have nothing more to submit to the Court on the subject of the law applicable to this case. 

I will now call your Honor's attention to the facts in proof. 

To avoid repetition and confusion, I will call your Honor's attention to single points. 

 

Denne kendsgerning, med, at der er en generel statut vedrørende lovovertrædelsen af obstruerer retslige processer, viser, at denne statut forudsætter de faktiske omstændigheder af ejendom og escape til at være sandt, og gælder kun for tilfælde, hvor de skal vise sig for at være sande. Hvis dette ikke er det, hvad er resultatet? Hvis en mand hævder en anden, uden proces, ved at lægge sin hånd på sin skulder, selv om manden kan være så fri som du eller I, hvis han modstår, eller hans venner støtte ham i modstand mod, er den strafbare handling begået. En mand er hævdede som en diffus slave, blevet reddet eller aided i sin escape. Du kan ikke afslå at overgive en farvet dreng eller pige født i dit hus, frie forældre, at enhver mand udskærer på døren og hævder barnet, med eller uden en kendelse, uden at det medfører sanktioner af denne retsakt. Denne uhyrlige konstruktion kan aldrig blive optaget. Bønfalder jeg kommissæren om at genoverveje sin intimated udtalelse på dette punkt, og at afholde regeringen til foreløbige bevis, i begyndelsen af, at den person, der reddede var en slave af lovgivningen i Virginia, var slave af manden, der hævdede ham, og var en flugt fra tilstanden af slaveri. Denne kendsgerning, med, at der er en generel statut vedrørende lovovertrædelsen af obstruerer retslige processer, viser, at denne statut forudsætter de faktiske omstændigheder af ejendom og escape til at være sandt, og gælder kun for tilfælde, hvor de skal vise sig for at være sande. Hvilke beviser har der været nogen af disse kendsgerninger? Der har været nogen beviser, der tilbydes, en fange var en slave af lovgivningen i Virginia!--der har været nogen beviser tilbudt at han var slave af Mr. Debree! Der har været nogen beviser tilbudt at han var en flugt fra en tilstand af slaveri! Mr. Riley tilbagevenden på kendelsen, angiver, at han havde anholdt "den inden for navngivne Shadrach," blev optaget som bevis. Jeg protesterede højtideligt mod modtagelse af tilbagevenden som bevismateriale i en strafferetlig procedure mellem andre parter; men det var modtaget, og i et stykke tid afholdt for at være overbevisende. Men i svar på mit spørgsmål, Mr. Riley svarede, at han ikke vidste det menneske, han arresteret skal manden hedder i kendelsen. Og hvordan kunne han vide det? Dette annulleret tilbagevenden, og regeringen havde ingen beviser. District Attorney så dette, og stiger i hans plads i en truende tone, sagde til hr. Riley, "Jeg advarer dem, sir, ikke at give dette vidnesbyrd!" Vidnesbyrd var sandt, og det var optaget af Domstolen. Hvorfor blev Mr. Riley advaret om? Han blev advaret om private årsager. Det var en officiel advarsel, som agenten af den udøvende magt til en af sine ansatte.
