This with the fact that there is a general law against the crime to hinder the judicial process, shows that this statute will take over real estate and escape to be true, and applies only to cases where it is found that is true.

If this is not true, what is the outcome? If anyone says otherwise, without trial, putting his hand on his shoulder, but the man can be as free as you or me, if he resists, or help his friends in the resistance, it is committed. A man claimed as a fugitive slave, have been rescued or helped in his escape. You can not refuse to deliver up to a colored boy or girl born at home, parents free to any man who hits on your door and demands of the child, with or without a warrant and without incurring the penalties of this law. This monstrous building may never be admitted. I ask him to reconsider his opinion to understand at this point and to keep the government on the initial test, first, that the person was a slave rescued by the law of Virginia, was the slave of the man who claimed and was a fugitive from this state of slavery.

What evidence has been produced in any of these facts? There have been no offered evidence that the prisoner was a slave to the law on Virginia! - There have been no offered evidence that he was a slave of Mr. Debree! There have been no offered evidence that he was a refugee from a state of slavery! return Mr. Riley to order, after which he was arrested "call before Shadrach, was" admitted as evidence. Formal protest against receipt of the notice as evidence in a criminal case between other parties, but he was, and at one point considered conclusive. But in answer to my question, Mr. Riley replied that he knew the man who arrested the man to be named in the warrant. And how do I know? This lifted the return and the government had no proof. District Attorney saw it and increase the seat, in a threatening tone, said Mr. Riley, "I warn you, sir, not to give this witness!" Testimony was true and was admitted by the court. Why Mr. Riley said? He was warned for personal reasons. It was an official warning from the executive officer that one of their agents.

Mr. Lunt - I deny it was a private warning. It was public, and for the right reasons.

Mr. Dana's - was too private or secret reasons not given, does not occur - some political or public terror, only known by the parties. No escape from this. The bar I saw. The public saw him. It is engraved with an iron pen, and put in the rock forever!

All evidence of identity in the absence of the government feel the need for the last corner. Colonel Thomas was called, and he testifies that Mr. Debree agent said in the courtroom when the prisoner was brought in, "That's my boy!" This is hearsay on hearsay evidence. This is outrageous! But in this thin thread of illegal evidence, hung all evidence of the facts of identity, slavery and escape. If it is enough to prove that the rescued man was the man in custody by the Court was in reality no one denies. But if it is necessary that the man in custody was the man named in the warrant or was a slave and a fugitive slave, there was no competent evidence of all such information and no evidence at all, but one of them.

This man was rescued from the Court. The court had adjourned. The marshal was elected to the Court-room in a prison for slaves. The offense will be the same in the eye of the law if it had been rescued from the hands of the agent who did not order the street or in a train car.

I have nothing further to refer the subject of the law applicable in this case. I now draw your attention to honor the facts on the test.

To avoid repetition and confusion, I shall call your lordship's attention to each item.

1st
