Indeed, it has the fact that there is a general law relating to offense of obstructing judicial process, demonstrating that the law assumes that facts of the property and escape to be true, and applies only in cases where should they prove to be true.

If it is not so, what results? If someone other claims, no process, by putting his hand on his shoulder, though the person could be as free as you or me, if he resists, or his friends aid him in acid , the fault is made. A person claimed as a fugitive slave, have been rescued or aided in his escape. You can not deny that delivers color up a boy or girl was born at home, free parents, any man who knocks on your door and claim the child, with or without a warrant, without incurring The penalty of law. It is very strange construction can not be admitted. I implore the Commissioners to reconsider its opinion intimated to this point, and to hold the Government to preliminary evidence, in the beginning, that man is a slave rescued by the laws of Virginia, is the servant of people who claimed him, and is a fugitive from the state of slavery.

What the evidence would have been any of the facts? There has been no evidence given to the prisoners is a Virginia slave law! - There is no evidence offered that he is the servant of Mr. Debree! There was no evidence offered that he was a fugitive from a state of slavery! Mr Riley's return to the warrant, stating that he was arrested "the interior Named Shadrach," was admitted as evidence. I solemnly protested against the return receipt as evidence in a criminal scheme between other parties, but it has received, and for a while held to be conclusive. However, in answer to my question, Mr. Riley replied that he did not know the people he arrested the person named in the warrant. And how he can know it? This nullified the return, and the government has no evidence. The District Attorney I saw this, and rising from his chair, in a threatening tone, said Mr. Riley, "I warn you, sir, not to give testimony!" The testimony is true, and is admitted in court. Why Mr Riley was given a warning? He was warned for private reasons. This is an official warning, by agents of the Executive to one his servants.

Mr Lunt - I deny it was a private warning. It was public, and for the right reasons.

Mr Dana - This is for private, or secret reasons, not given, unclear, - some fear a political or government, known only to the parties. No escape from it. The bar to see it. The audience saw it. It is planted in a pen of iron, and lay the rock forever!

All evidence of identity having failed, the government has pushed in his last shift. Col. Thomas was called in, and he testifies that Mr. Debree agent told him, Court room, when the prisoners were brought, "That is my boy!" It is hearsay evidence on hearsay evidence. This great-great! But this tiny thread of illegal testimony, hung all the evidence of the realities of identity, slavery and escape. If it is enough to prove that the person rescued people in custody, and to whom the Court is sitting in fact, no one denies it. But if it is necessary to show that the person in custody is the person named in the warrant, or that he is a slave, and a fugitive slave, there was no competent evidence of any of the facts, and no evidence at all but one of them.

people are not rescued from the Court. The Court is adjourned. The general has chosen to make the Court room, a slave prison. The offense would have been the same in the eyes of the law, if he is rescued from the hands of the agents without a warrant, on the street, or in a railroad car.

I have not yet submitted to the Court on the subject of law applies in this case. I will now call your attention to the realities of reputation evidence.

To avoid the repetition and confusion, I call your attention to honor the same points.
