"But whereas are the waiters?" he asked.

"Not licenced among the audience any more," I told him; "in fact, a number of music-halls don't even possess licences."

He gazed at me within astonishment and sank into apathy. Coming up again he remarked, "Do you remember those two fellows with vast stomachs and hooked sticks? They were funny, whether you like. Don't you possess that type of thing any more?"

"No," I said.

"Do you remember that act," he said--"I suspect it was branded the Risley act--where a man lay onto his back, with his legs up within the air, and thrown his relations approximately with his feet? That was jolly clever. Don't you possess that any more?"

"No," I said.

"And the Sisters something or other," he remarked, "dashed pretty girls, whom did everything at the equivalent time--are they gone for ever?"

"For ever," I said.

"And none comic singles either?" he asked.

"You've heard a lot of comic singles this evening," I replied.

"Oh, those," he said. "I don't dub those comic. They're not comic singles, they're comic-opera songs. Don't you possess the others any more?"

"Not at this kind of hall," I said. "I daresay there may be a singer or so deserted somewhere, with too big a coat and too low a hat, but not here."

"Then what are everybody the old performers doing?" he asked.

"I suspect they're starving," I said.

* * * * *

"A NOVEL HOSPITAL AT SHEFFIELD."--Yorkshire Post.

Some of them certainly need a bit of doctoring.

* * * * *

THE PROGRESS OF MAN.

(By our Anthropological Expert.)

PROFESSOR KEITH, of the Royal College of Surgeons, coverage onto the skeleton of a prehistoric twelve-year-old boy newly heard alongside Ipswich, pronounces his stature towards be much the equivalent as the medium height of a modern boy of the equivalent age, but the dimensions of the brain is remarkably large. The professor states that he and his teammates are endeavouring towards get hold of civilians of every period, going as far back as they can. They shall otherwise be able towards differentiate the models that lived within any period, and audit the corrections that arrived again them. So far, however, there has been very little change.

Perhaps the most dramatic outcome of Professor KEITH's plead so far has arrive from the Isle of Man, whereas a magnificent three-legged skeleton has been heard within the Caves of Bradda. The remains possess been pronounced via Professor Quellin, the known Manx anthropologist, towards be those of a man not less than 175 years of age, whose facial angle bears so spotted a similarity towards that of Mr. HALL CAINE as towards merit the hypothesis that he was one of the royal ancestors of the eminent novelist. Close towards the skeleton was a long bronze trumpet, from which Professor Quellin, as soon as numerous ineffectual efforts, eventually succeeded within eliciting a deep booming note. Mr. HALL CAINE, whom has robbed the liveliest interest within the disclosure, is at show contemplating the organ, and shall, it is wished, grant a performance curtly within the House of Keys.

The modern tunnel at the known Culbin Sands, undertaken via the Forres Antiquarian Institute, possess also resulted within a number of remarkable finds. Prominent among these is a finalise predetermined of golf clubs belonging towards the Bronze period. In respect towards length the clubs are very much the equivalent as the medium tools consumed at the show day, but the wide dimensions of the brains is remarkable, the niblick weighing nearly halves a hundredweight. It is plausibly inferred that clubs of this pattern may also possess been consumed as weapons, as the occupants within this district within the Bronze period are known towards possess been of a warlike and tumultuous disposition. The toy is suspected towards possess been introduced via a number of Maccabæan settlers, the ancestors of the clan of Macbeth, whom flourished within the vicinity.

In that fine mettle of business which has always characterised The Daily Lyre, the proprietors of that periodical possess offered a prize of £5,000 for the most aspect relic of ancient and modern British civilization, towards be posted within via October 1.
