You then take a quill with
a fine point (a knitting needle will do nicely) and without leaning too hard go over all the
outline of the engraving. You must be careful not to press your fingers on the engraving, as
this would cause a deposit of powder the same color as the transferring paper on the writing
paper. Now remove the transfer paper and you have the design accurately traced and the pattern
is ready to be perforated. Lay a couple of folds of velvet or felt on the table, place the
pattern on this, and with a needle of medium size or tracing-wheel prick out the pattern, being
careful to follow the outline closely and make the perforations quite close.

                  MECHANICAL ENLARGEMENT OF DESIGNS.

The simplest way is to enlarge by the eye, as the artists do. One method is to divide the whole
design into squares and rule off the paper to be enlarged in corresponding squares of larger
size. Each portion within the square is then exactly reproduced, copying the portion in the
smaller square. For embroidery designs especially we should think this would be very good.

                             DRY STAMPING.

This is done by a process known as pouncing. The process is as follows: Place the pattern (rough
side up) on the material to be stamped, placing heavy weights on the corner to keep it from
slipping; then rub the powder over the perforations with the pouncet or distributor described
below till the pattern is clearly marked on the material. This can be ascertained by lifting
one corner of the pattern slightly. Then remove the pattern carefully, lay a piece of thin
paper over the stamping and pass a hot iron over it. This melts the gum in the powder and fastens
the pattern to the material. The iron should be as hot as possible without scorching the cloth.
Should the heat change the color of the material, iron it all over. Do not do any stamping
by this process on a hot or damp day if it can be avoided. Keep the powder in a cool, dry place.
In stamping with light-colored powder, the best way to fasten it is to hold the back of the
cloth against the stovepipe or the face of the iron. French stamping is better, however, for
all dark materials. To take the powder up on the distributor, have a tin plate with a piece
of woolen cloth glued on the bottom, sprinkle a little powder on the cloth, and rub the distributor
over it, taking care to shake off all the powder you can—enough will remain to stamp the pattern
clearly.

                        TO MAKE A DISTRIBUTOR.

Take a strip of fine felt almost an inch wide (a strip from an old felt hat is as good as anything),
roll it up tightly into a roll, leaving the end flat, and rub the end over a piece of sand
paper to make it smooth and even.

                         TO MAKE BLUE POWDER.

Take equal parts of gum damar and white rosin and just enough Persian blue to color it. Mix
well together.

Other colors are made the same, using for coloring chrome yellow (for light-colored powder),
burnt sienna, lampblack, etc. Black powder is improved by adding a little blue to it.

                         TO MAKE WHITE POWDER.

Take one ounce white lead; half ounce gum arabic, in the impalpable powder; half ounce white
rosin, in the fine powder. All well mixed.

                      SUPERIOR DARK BLUE POWDER.

One ounce white rosin; one half ounce gum sandarac; one half ounce Prussian blue, in fine powder.
Mix all thoroughly.

                      FRENCH INDELIBLE STAMPING.

This is the best process for all dark materials; in fact, this and the blue powder are all
that will ever be needed. By this process a kind of paint is used instead of powder, and a
brush instead of a pouncet. Place the pattern on the cloth, smooth side up if you can (though
either side will work well), weight the pattern down as in stamping. Rub the paint evenly over
the perforations, and it will leave the lines clean, sharp and distinct. After the stamping
is done, the pattern must be cleaned immediately.
