Then you have a fine point (with a knitting needle will do well to take a pen) and leaning too hard on the engraving without knowing all the settings. You be careful, because an accumulation of powder on the paper as writing paper of the same color will cause the change will not have to press your fingers over the engraving. Now remove the transfer paper and you put the correct address and is ready to be punched for design patterns. Lay a couple of layers of velvet or felt that the pattern on the table space, and medium-sized or tracing wheel with a needle to prick out the pattern, being careful to follow the outline is fairly close proximity and perforations.

MECHANICAL ENLARGEMENT OF DESIGNS. 

Shortcut to the eyes detail, as are artists. One method is divided into sections and removes the paper to rule the design of large size to be enlarged in the same class. Each class attended at all reproduced, copied participate in small classes. Especially for embroidery designs we should think it would be great.

DRY STAMPING. 

This is done by process known as pouncing. Procedure is as follows: pattern (Place rough side) on the content to be stamped, heavy weight on the corner to keep it from slipping, then the patterns described below distributor pouncet or rub with the perforations on the powder material is clearly marked on. A corner of the pattern can be detected by slightly lifting. The pattern to divert attention and stamping on a piece of thin paper on it near a hot iron. The powder melts and content patterns for the gum fastens. Iron as hot as possible without scorching clothes should be. Heat content should change color, all this and more iron. On hot or humid days of the process if it can be avoided by any stamping do not. A cool, dry place Keep powder Light-colored powder, the best to fasten it to the stack or face against the iron grip of the fabric is back with a way of hammering. French stamping better, but for all the dark stuff. Powder distributor to take on, a piece of woolen cloth on the bottom is sticking with a tin plate, sprinkle a little powder on the cloth, and rub the distributor, to look to shake off all the powder you can Tickets will clearly enough patterns.

TO MAKE A DISTRIBUTOR. 

Take a strip of felt right about one inch from an old hat (felt something like a wide strip as well), roll it tightly into a roll, leaving the flat end, and end on a piece of sand paper to rub it smooth and even.

TO MAKE BLUE POWDER. 

Equal parts of gum damar resin and sufficient only for the blue and white Persian take. Mix well together.
The other colors are made using chrome for light-colored powder (for yellow), burnt Sienna, soot, etc., black powder, it improves by adding a little blue.

TO MAKE WHITE POWDER. 

Take an ounce of white lead; half ounce gum arabic, impalpable powder, half an ounce of powder fine white resin. All well mixed.

SUPERIOR DARK BLUE POWDER. 

An ounce white, resin glue a half ounces, a half ounce of Prussian blue sandarac fine powder. Mix all well.

FRENCH INDELIBLE STAMPING. 

For all the dark stuff is the best procedure, in fact, that the blue powder is all that'll ever need. The process of color is used instead of a way to powder, and a brush rather than a pouncet. Place pattern on fabric, smooth side if you (although both sides would work well), pattern stamping down as weight can. Rub the color on the same perforations, and the clean lines, will leave sharp and distinctive. After stamping is done, the pattern should be cleaned immediately.
