Harrington himself is perhaps a trifle too "regnant" to be altogether satisfactory; and there are many similar extravagances and inaccuracies of his book.In this book the social intercourse of the men and women are very bad.The author were ignorant of the usages of good society and he is impatient of the vulgar ceremony of inferior people.
 
                  He had seen no way to assert the superioty of his two fair ladies and their unimaginable and making them dispense with all such observances.He is a very common person who tries to be originalin his writing.Real ladies and gentlemen are not reduced to the alternative of either being embarrassed by the ordinary social rules or disregarding them altogether but they take advantage of them.It is a false originality that is singular about ordinary forms; it is only the tyro in chess who is "original" in his first move; Paul Morphy, the most inventive of players, always begins with the customary advance of the king's pawn. 


                    There is the usual partiality or one-sideness ,common to the writings and orations of our author's political school.Our author only hurts his own cause while he invests with a halo of light on every brawler who echoes the words of the really eminent leaders.Because one Abolitionist, who has sacrificed power and position to his creed, is entitled to praise by advocating the same doctrines and  gains a higher position and  a wider influence which is  perhaps an easier support  that he could use to  share the credit of having made a sacrifice.Our author, however, makes no distinction. The  natural result will be that many of his readers, knowing that in one case his praises are undeserved, will be slow to believe them just in any case. And not only are all of this particular school disinterested, but they are all among the master-intellects of the age, apparently by definition. Mr. Harrington himself is the commanding intellect of the story, because of his belief in the greatest number of heresies,is being somewhat peculiar in his religious views and  believing in woman's rights.Considering the marriage ceremony is  a silly concession to popular prejudice and giving credence to omens. But we  sympathize entirely with the author's indignant protest against thinking a theory necessarily inaccurate because it contravenes the opinion of the majority. Certainly, a new thing is not necessarily wrong but neither is a new thing necessarily right. We are heartless enough to pronounce that "Baconian theory" is rather weak than otherwise for a hero. 
   

              We cannot close our notice of this book without commending the old French fencing-master as particularly good. He talks very simply and well on matters that he understands, and is silent on those that he does not understand the affordability in both respects an excellent example to the more important characters.
