Harrington himself is perhaps a trifle too "regnant" to be altogether
satisfactory; and there are many similar extravagances and inaccuracies.

The social intercourse of the ladies and gentlemen in this book is particularly bad. It seems
as if the author were ignorant of the usages of good society, and, impatient of the vulgar
ceremony of inferior people, had seen no way to assert the superiority of his two fair ladies
and their unimaginable lovers, except making them dispense with all such observances whatever.
His uncertainty how people in their position really do act has hampered his powers; and he
is not that rarity, an original writer, but that very common person, one who tries to be original.
Real ladies and gentlemen are not reduced to the alternative of either being embarrassed by
the ordinary social rules or disregarding them altogether; they take advantage of them. It
is a false originality that is singular about ordinary forms; it is only the tyro in chess
who is "original" in his first move; Paul Morphy, the most inventive of players, always begins
with the customary advance of the king's pawn.

There is the usual partiality--one-sidedness--common to the writings and orations of our author's
political school. It may well be doubted whether in reality all the virtues have been monopolized
by the Antislavery men, all the vices by their opponents. Our author only hurts his own cause,
when he invests with a halo of light every brawler who echoes the words of the really eminent
leaders. Because one Abolitionist, who has sacrificed power and position to his creed, is entitled
to praise, is another, who perhaps, by advocating the same doctrines, gains a higher position,
a wider influence, perhaps an easier support, than he could in any other way, to share the
credit of having made a sacrifice? One would not disparage martyrs; but Saint Lawrence on a
cold gridiron, and the pilgrim who boiled his peas, are entitled to more credit for their shrewdness
than their suffering. Our author, however, makes no distinction; and a natural result will
be that many of his readers, knowing that in one case his praises are undeserved, will be slow
to believe them just in any case. And not only are all of this particular school disinterested,
but they are all among the master-intellects of the age, apparently by definition. Mr. Harrington
himself is the commanding intellect of the story, perhaps because of his belief in the greatest
number of heresies,--being somewhat peculiar in his religious views, believing in woman's rights,
considering the marriage ceremony a silly concession to popular prejudice, giving credence
to omens, active as an Abolitionist, and--to crown all--holding that Lord Bacon wrote Shakspeare's
Plays! We sympathize entirely with the author's indignant protest against thinking a theory
necessarily inaccurate because it contravenes the opinion of the majority. Certainly, a new
thing is not necessarily wrong; but neither is a new thing necessarily right; and we are heartless
enough to pronounce the "Baconian theory" rather weak than otherwise for a hero.

We cannot close our notice of this book without commending the old French fencing-master as
particularly good. He talks very simply and well on matters that he understands, and is silent
on those that he does not understand,--affording in both respects an excellent example to the
more important characters.

       *       *       *       *       *

RECENT AMERICAN PUBLICATIONS

RECEIVED BY THE EDITORS OF THE ATLANTIC MONTHLY.

The North American Review. No. CXC. January, 1861. Boston. Crosby, Nichols, Lee, & Co. 8vo,
paper, pp. 296. $1.25.

Marion Graham; or, Higher than Happiness. By Meta Lander. Boston. Crosby, Nichols, Lee, & Co.
12mo. pp. 506. $1.25.

Harry Coverdale's Courtship and Marriage. By Frank E. Smedley. Illustrated. Philadelphia. T.B.
Peterson & Brothers. 12mo. pp. 357. $1.25.

Life in the Old World; or, Two Years in Switzerland and Italy. By Frederika Bremer.
