In the Middle and Northern states, it is barely probable to prepare the land in spring, and get in wheat in suitable season. 
The amount of produced spring wheat, depends significantly upon the growth in the chilly and moist conditions of spring, before the hot weather it spreads and its roots get a strong hold. This hurries up the stalks and ears to prime of life. That's why plow in the fall, and harrow in the wheat, as early as possible, in the spring. 
There are several and uncertain varieties of wheat. In 1856 an intelligent cultivator from Maine suggested Java wheat as having a very stiff straw, and producing a heavy yield. The Mediterranean wheat is a much-loved variety and in the west, Club wheat is very popular. But no one is sure of the varieties if wheat. We can observe in the discussions of the best agriculturists of England and Scotland, that they are unsure of the proper names of some of the best varieties. Mud club is sold at high prices for seed as better version of the ordinary club in a rich part of Illinois. After some research, we learned that it was nothing but common club wheat, sown on somewhat short ground, where it happened to grow incredibly fair that season. Such tricks are occasionally this successfully played, but it is true that many varieties are the result of extra good or chance cultivation. Chidham wheat, named after the place where it was effectively grown, was also called Hedge wheat, because a head found rising in a hedge. Now it is not likely that that head was the only one of the kind in all the country, and it would by no means be recognized in all localities. All wheat is the product of the farming of the Egilops or some other wild grass, it shows us that varieties may be created by cultivation. A lot of significance is therefore attached to the frequently changing seed; especially moving it from colder into hotter temperatures, and altering from one soil to a very dissimilar one. As a result, seed grown on hard hills is extremely important for alluvial dirt. Therefore, the efforts to bring in numerous new varieties from the dominions of the sultan, will confirm of huge benefit to wheat culture in America. So, we should frequently import the best from the Great Britain, British provinces, California and all the boundaries of our own country.  Such wheat’s are worth more for seeds than others, but any overgenerous prices for wheat seed, under the idea of almost amazing powers of manufacturing, are ill-advised. 
It would be hopeless to go into an extra comprehensive notice of varieties, as some do greatest in certain localities, and all are rapidly spread through the dealers, and by the pressure of agricultural periodicals. Wheat should be harvested when the straw below the head has become yellow, and the grain is so far out of the milk as not to be easily mashed between the fingers, but before it has become tough. The grain is heavier, better quality, and less wasting during harvesting, than when permitted to ripen and dry standing in the field. Drying in good shocks is superior than drying before cut. Some have gone to boundaries in early cutting, and harvested their wheat while in the milk and resulted in a serious loss in its weight. We sometimes have rain in harvest, which causes all the wheat in a large region to grow before getting it dry enough to house.

 A solution is, to go ahead and cut your wheat regardless of weather, and put it up, without fastening, in large cocks of from three to five bushels, packing collectively as tight as possible, however wet, and wrap the centre with a bundle of wheat to shed rain. This will dry it out without growing and, produce perfectly usable grain even if the rest is moldy. This works even when it is wet enough to make the top of the shocks perfectly green with grown wheat. This procedure is of great value in a wet season.
