It is
hardly possible in all the Middle and Northern states to prepare the ground in spring, and
get in wheat in suitable season.

The yield of a crop of spring wheat, depends materially upon the growth in the cool and moist
weather of spring, when it spreads and its roots get a strong hold before the hot weather,
that hurries up the stalks and ears to maturity. Hence plow in the fall, and harrow in the
wheat, as early as possible, in the spring.

The varieties of wheat are numerous and uncertain. In the state of Maine, an intelligent cultivator,
in 1856, recommended Java wheat as having a very stiff straw, and producing a very heavy yield.
The Mediterranean wheat is also a favorite variety. Club wheat has also had a great run, and
is now very popular at the West. But of varieties no one can be confident. We notice in the
discussions of the best agriculturists of England and Scotland, that they have doubts of the
proper names of some of the best varieties. In a certain rich part of Illinois we know an unusually
popular wheat, sold at high prices for seed, under the name of mud club, as being much better
than the ordinary club. We happened to learn that it was nothing but common club wheat, sown
on rather low ground, where it happened to grow very fair that season. It is only occasionally
that such tricks are successfully played, but it is true that many varieties are the result
of extra good or chance cultivation. The celebrated Chidham wheat, named from a place where
it was successfully grown, was also called Hedge wheat, because a head found growing in a hedge
was supposed to be the origin of it. Now it is not probable that that head was the only one
of the kind in all the country, and it would by no means be identified in all localities. And
as all wheat is the result of the cultivation of the Ægilops or some other wild grass, it shows
us that varieties may be produced by cultivation. Great importance is therefore to be attached
to frequently changing seed; especially bringing it from colder into warmer climates, and changing
from one soil to a very different one. Thus seed raised on hard hills is highly valuable for
alluvial soils. Thus the efforts to introduce so many new varieties from the dominions of the
sultan, will prove of vast advantage to wheat culture in America. So let us be constantly importing
the best from Great Britain and the British provinces and from California, and all the extremes
of our own country. Such wheats are worth more for seeds than others, but any extravagant prices
for seed wheat, under the idea of almost miraculous powers of production, are unwise.

It would be useless to go into a more extended notice of varieties, as some do best in certain
localities, and all are rapidly spread through the dealers, and by the influence of agricultural
periodicals. The best time to harvest wheat is when the straw below the head has turned yellow,
and the grain is so far out of the milk as not to be easily mashed between the fingers, but
before it has become hard. The grain is heavier and of better quality, and wastes far less
in harvesting, than when allowed to ripen and dry standing in the field. Drying in good shocks
is far better than drying before cut. Some have gone to extremes in early cutting, and harvested
their wheat while in the milk, and suffered serious loss in its weight. We sometimes have rain
in harvest, which causes all the wheat in a large region to grow before getting it dry enough
to house. A remedy is, to go right on and cut your wheat, rain or shine, and put it up, without
binding, in large cocks of from three to five bushels, packing together as close as possible,
however wet, and cover the centre with a bundle of wheat to shed rain. It will dry out without
growing; and, although the straw will be somewhat mouldy, the grain will be perfectly good,
even when it has been so wet as to make the top of the shocks perfectly green with grown wheat.
This process is of great value in a wet season.
