
"It is perhaps an hour altogether since mademoiselle separated herself from the others," the
guide admitted. "But they have been gone for more than half that time. They did not delay long,
after the little dispute with monsieur about the car."

"Oh, there was a dispute!" I caught him up, wheeling upon the chauffeur. "You must tell me."

"It was nothing much," he said, still very kindly, "and it was her ladyship's fault, of course.
If you were plain and elderly she'd have more patience; but as it is, you've seen how quick
she is to scold; so, of course, she was angry when she'd finished her grog and you didn't turn up."

"What did she say," I asked.

He laughed. "She was quite irrelevant."

"I must know!"

"Well, she seemed to lay most of the blame on the colour of your hair and eyelashes."

"She said--"

"What could be expected of a girl that dyed her hair yellow and her eyelashes black?"

"Horrid woman! You don't believe I do, do you?"

"I must say it hadn't occurred to me to think of it."

Then I remembered how angry I was with him, and didn't pursue that subject, but turned again
to the other. However, I made a mental note that there was one more thing to punish him for
when I got the chance.

"What else did she say?"

"She began to turn purple when Sir Samuel would have defended you, and said she wouldn't stand
your taking such liberties. That it was monstrous, and a few other things, to be kept freezing
on mountains by one's domestics, and that she should be ill if she waited. Sir Samuel persuaded
her to give you fifteen minutes' grace, but after that she was determined to start. Of course,
she didn't know that an accident had happened. She thought you were simply dawdling, and wanted
Sir Samuel to arrange for you to drive down with the newly arrived German tourists. Sir Samuel
and I objected to this, and later it was settled for the Turnours to do what her ladyship planned
for you, without the company of the tourists. Lady Turnour resents lèse-majesté."

"It's a miracle she consented to leave the car," I said.

"She couldn't use it without a chauffeur, and naturally I refused to go without knowing what
had happened to you."

"You refused!" I stammered.

"Of course. That was where the row came in. We had a few words, and eventually I was deputed
to look you up."

"Deputed!" I echoed, desperately. "They never 'deputed' you to do it, I'm sure."

"They jolly well couldn't help themselves. You can't make a man drive a car if he won't. So
they went off in the Germans' carriage, and the Germans were enchanted."

"Oh!" I exclaimed, so miserable now that anger leaked out of my heart like water through a
sieve. "It's all my fault. Did they discharge you?"

"I didn't give them the chance. After a few little things her ladyship said, I felt rather
hot in the collar, and discharged myself. That is, I gave them notice that I would go as soon
as they could get another chauffeur. It would have been bad form to leave them in the lurch,
without anyone, on tour."

The tears came to my eyes, and I was thinking so little about myself that I let them roll down
without bothering to wipe them away. "Do, do forgive me," I implored. "But you never can, of
course. All through my foolishness you're out of an engagement. And you depended upon it, I
know, from what you said."

"There's nothing to forgive, my dear little sister," he said. "It's you who must forgive me,
if I've distressed you by telling the story in a clumsy way. It wasn't your fault. I couldn't
stand that bounderess's cruel tongue, so I have myself to blame, if anyone. And it's sure to
turn out right in the end."

"You refused to drive their car because you would stay behind and find me--"

"Any decent chap would do that--even a chauffeur." He spoke lightly to comfort me. "Besides,
I wanted to stop. You're the only sister I ever had."

"You must hate me," I moaned.

"I don't. Please don't cry. I shall faint if you do."

I was obliged to laugh a little through my tears.

"Come," he said, gently. "Let me take you down. Just a word with the guide about those gipsies,
and--"

"Oh, leave the wretched gipsies alone!" I begged. "Who cares, now? If you say anything, they
may call us as witnesses at St. Remy or some town where we don't want to stop. Let them go."

"I suppose we might as well," he said, "for we can't prove anything worth proving. Come, then."
He slipped some money into the guide's hand, and thanked him for his courtesy and kindness.
But another pang shot through my remorseful heart.
