"She'd been gone for an hour since she left," the man explained. "They left not much earlier. After the argument with the Mister about the automobile."

"What argument?" I followed. "Please explain!"

"Not much of an argument," he said, "it was her mistake as always. If she was old she'd have more patience; but as always, you saw how fast she turns angry. Of course she was upset when she finished her drink and you weren't there."

"What all did she say," I asked.

He chuckled. "It doesn't matter."

"Tell me!"

"Well, she blamed you because of the color of your hair."

"To quote her--"

"What do you expect from a woman that changes her hair yellow and eyelashes dark?"

"That witch! Do you think I do?"

"I didn't think about it."

I felt angry, but didn't follow the feeling. I had to find out more. I made a note to beat him when I got the chance.

"Anything else you forgot to mention?"

"She looked ill when Sam was going to defend you, she said you can't do things like that. That it was horrid, some other things, to wait freezing, and if she waited longer she would be ill. Sam talked her into giving you fifteen more minutes, but after that she would start. She had no idea there was an accident. She thought you were taking your time. She wanted Sam to get you aqquanted with the new German tourists. Sam and I said no way, then she figured you'd do what she planned without them.

"It's insane she left the car," I said.

"She cant drive, and I didn't to go without knowing what happened to you." 

"You didn't do it!" I yelled. 

"Yes ma'am. That was where it came into play. We talked, and eventually made me come find you." 

"Made you!" I echoed, desperately. "They didn't 'make' you do it, I bet." 

"They can't do it themselves. You can't make a someone drive a car if he won't. So they went off in the Germans' car, and the Germans were excited." 

"Oh!" I bellowed, so lame now that anger leaked out of my heart like water through a river. "I did this. Did they fire you?" 

"I didn't give them time. After a few whispers the woman said, I felt angry, and fired myself. That is, I gave them two weeks notice. It would have been bad form to leave right there, without anyone, on tour." 

I started crying, and I was barely thinking about myself that I let them run down. "Please forgive me," I implored. "But you can't, of course. I got you fired. And you needed the job, I know, from what you said." 

"There's nothing to forgive, sister," he said. "You have to forgive me, if made you worry. It wasn't your fault. I couldn't stand that witches mouth, so I have to blame myself. And it will turn out right in the end." 

"You refused to drive their car because you would stay behind and find me--" 

"Any decent man would do that--even a driver." He spoke soft for comfort. "Besides, I wanted to stop. You're the only sister I ever had." 

"You hate me," I whined. 

"I don't. Please don't cry." 

I laughed past my tears. 

"Come on," he said, softly. "Let me take you down. I have to talk with the guide about those women, and--" 

"Oh, leave the women alone!" I begged. "Who cares, now? Let them go." 

"I suppose we might as well," he said. He put some money into the guide's hand, and thanked him for his help. But another bullet shot through my remorseful heart.
