Dec. 17.]

reckoned on an authority which they no longer possessed. The fidelity of the common soldiers
had been shaken by the letters of Monk, and the declaration of Lawson. Putting themselves under
the command of the officers who had been lately dismissed, they mustered[a] in Lincoln's Inn
Fields, marched before the house of Lenthall in Chancery Lame, and saluted him with three volleys
of musketry as the representative of the parliament and lord-general of the army. Desborough,
abandoned by his regiment, fled in despair towards Lambert; and Fleetwood, who for some days
had done nothing but weep and pray, and complain that "the Lord had spit in his face," tamely
endeavoured to disarm by submission the resentment of his adversaries. He sought the speaker,
fell on his knees before him, and surrendered his commission.[1]

Thus the Rump was again triumphant. The members, with Lenthall at their head, resumed[b] possession
of the house amidst the loud acclamations of the soldiery. Their first care was to establish
a committee for the government of the army, and to order the regiments in the north to separate
and march to their respective quarters. Of those among their colleagues who had supported the
late committee of safety, they excused some, and punished others by suspension, or exclusion,
or imprisonment: orders were sent to Lambert, and the most active of his associates, to withdraw
from the army to their homes, and then instructions were given to the magistrates to take them
into custody. A council of state was appointed, and into the oath to be taken by the

[Footnote 1: Ludlow, 268, 276, 282, 287, 289, 290, 296, 298. Whitelock, 689, 690, 691. Clar.
Pap. 625, 629, 636, 641, 647.]

[Sidenote a: A.D. 1659. Dec. 24.] [Sidenote b: A.D. 1659. Dec. 26.]

members was introduced a new and most comprehensive abjuration of kingship and the family of
Stuart. All officers commissioned during the interruption by any other authority than that
of Monk were broken; the army was entirely remodelled; and the time of the house was daily
occupied by the continued introduction of officers to receive their commissions in person from
the hand of the speaker.[1]

In the mean while, Monk, to subdue or disperse the army of Lambert, had raised up a new and
formidable enemy in his rear. Lord Fairfax was become a convert to the cause of monarchy; to
him the numerous royalists in Yorkshire looked up as leader; and he, on the solemn assurance
of Monk that he would join him within twelve days or perish in the attempt, undertook to call
together his friends, and to surprise the city of York. On the first day of the new year,[a]
each performed his promise. The gates of York were thrown open to Fairfax by the Cavaliers
confined within its walls;[2] and Monk, with his army, crossed the Tweed on his march against
the advanced posts of the enemy. Thus the flame of civil war was again kindled in the north;
within two days it was extinguished. The messenger from parliament ordered Lambert's forces
to withdraw to their respective quarters. Dispirited by the defection of the military in the
south, they dared not disobey: at Northallerton the officers bade adieu with tears to their
general; and Lambert retired in privacy to a house which he possessed in the county. Still,
though the weather was

[Footnote 1: Journals, Dec. 26, Jan. 31.]

[Footnote 2: That the rising under Fairfax was in reality a rising of royalists, and prompted
by the promises of Monk, is plain from the narrative of Monkton, in the Lansdowne MSS. No.
988, f. 320, 334. See also Price, 748.]

[Sidenote a: A.D. 1660. Jan. 1.]

severe, though the roads were deeply covered with snow, Monk continued[a] his march; and, at
York, spent five days in consultation with Fairfax; but to the advice of that nobleman, that
he should remain there, assume the command of their united forces, and proclaim the king, he
replied that, in the present temper of his officers, it would prove a dangerous, a pernicious,
experiment.
