Dec. 17.]
reckoned on an authority which they no longer had. The fidelity of the normal soldiers had been shaken by the letters of Monk, and the declaration of Lawson. Putting themselves under the command of the officers who had been lately let go, they mustered[a] in Lincoln's Inn Fields, marched before the house of Lenthall in Chancery Lame, and saluted him with three volleys of musketry as the representative of the parliament and lord-general of the military. Desborough, left by his regiment, ran in despair towards Lambert; and Fleetwood, who for some days hadn't done anything but cry and pray, and complain that "the Lord had spit in his face," tamely endeavoured to disarm by submission the hatred of his adversaries. He looked for the speaker, fell on his knees before him, and surrendered his commission.[1]

Thus the Rump was again successful. The members, with Lenthall at their head, continued[b] possession of the house amidst the loud acclamations of the soldiery. Their first duty was to establish a committee for the government of the military, and to order the regiments in the north to separate and march to their respective quarters. Of those among their colleagues who had supported the old committee of safety, they excused some, and punished others by suspending them, or exclusion, or putting them in prison: orders were sent to Lambert, and the most active of his associates, to leave from the army to their homes, and then orders were given to the magistrates to take them into custody. A council of state was appointed, and into the oath to be taken by the

[Footnote 1: Ludlow, 268, 276, 282, 287, 289, 290, 296, 298. Whitelock, 689, 690, 691. Clar. Pap. 625, 629, 636, 641, 647.]

[Sidenote a: A.D. 1659. Dec. 24.] [Sidenote b: A.D. 1659. Dec. 26.]

members was introduced a fresh and very comprehensive abjuration of kingship and the family of Stuart. All officers commissioned during the disruption by any other authority than that of Monk were broken; the military was completely redone; and the time of the house was regularly occupied by the continued introduction of officers to get their commissions in person from the hand of the speaker.[1]

In the mean time, Monk, to subdue or disperse the army of Lambert, had raised up a new and formidable enemy in his back. Lord Fairfax was become a convert to the cause of monarchy; to him the multiple royalists in Yorkshire looked up as leader; and he, on the solemn assurance of Monk that he would join him in about twelve days or die in the attempt, undertook to call together his friends, and to surprise the city of York. On the first day of the new year,[a] each performed his promise. The gates of York were blown open to Fairfax by the Cavaliers confined within its walls;[2] and Monk, with his military, crossed the Tweed on his crusade against the advanced posts of the enemy. Thus the fire of civil war was reignited in the north; within two days it was finished. The messenger from parliament ordered Lambert's forces to leave to their respective quarters. Disappointed by the defection of the military in the south, they dared not disobey: at Northallerton the officers said farewell with tears to their general; and Lambert retired in solidarity to a house which he owned in the county. Still, though the weather was

[Footnote 1: Journals, Dec. 26, Jan. 31.]

[Footnote 2: That the rising under Fairfax was in reality a rising of royalists, and started by the promises of Monk, is plain from the narrative of Monkton, in the Lansdowne MSS. No. 988, f. 320, 334. See also Price, 748.]

[Sidenote a: A.D. 1660. Jan. 1.]

severe, though the roads were heavily covered with snow, Monk continued[a] his march; and, at York, spent five days in deliberation with Fairfax; but to the advice of that nobleman, that he should stay there, take the command of their united forces, and proclaim the king, he responded that, in the present temper of his officers, it would prove a dangerous, a pernicious, experiment.
