Head of Bismarck Press Agency, Faithful Dr. Busch was one among the busiest man. Bismarck's awareness about the power and role of press in guiding public opinion made him constantly busy and employed to communicate by telegrams, informing the German side of the war.
* * * * *

¶ The Chancellor had white uniform of Heavy Landwehr Cavalry along with top boots as well as  white cap.

¶ Wherever night fell, Bismarck with his staff camped along the line of advance  -- it may be in a château of a French nobleman sometimes, and sometimes it may be a hut of a French peasant. Bismarck was called as "Chief" and The company have dinner at a common table, with the same fare. 

¶ Often they make a table removing the doors and used barrels or boxes for support; then a cloth is  spread and waiters brought pewter plates, silver-like metal tumblers that are huge and with gilt lining.

Great men worked every week during the ware, while empty wine bottles are used as candle stands.

Though a busy man, Dr. Busch, although could  gather two volumes of talk over table, along with minute details of all Bismarck's activities, what he spoke, ate, drank, preached, everything was set  in spirited style, also an intimate picture of the Iron Chancellor to which all historians are henceforth under obligations.

¶ There was firing going on all around the royal party, often very close by, also sometimes the battle took place very close to the King's camp. Along with his faithful ministers the king ride out, to see the fight. Bismarck used to read dispatches, make notes, spoke to His Majesty,  instructed on state matters, did counselling on military matters with von Moltke, studied maps and received visits to the camp. These activities continued though out the day as well as in night sometimes.

58

Germans drink 2,500,000 bottles of champagne at Rheims--Bismarck's ironical revenge!

¶ From day to day, the high war tensions relieved between amusing episodes. While trying various brands of champagne, Bismarck humored himself on the evening after arriving at Rheims. That day, before a squadron of Prussian hussars had been fired on from a leading hotel, Word was brought. Bismarck ordered to torn down the house and to send the landlord to prison; later Bismarck decided waggishly to relieve the landlord after informing  that no one was injured, but on a condition that the landlord give the squadron 2,500 bottles of champagne -- which the man quickly settled.

¶ The highways all the way to Paris were marked with long lines of empty bottles! as the Prussians drank some 2,500,000 bottles of champagne; in and around Rheims.

* * * * *

¶ Thus Bismarck had his ironical revenge on France; took his cherry brandy or his champagne as he pleased, while the great war waged.

* * * * *

¶ "Verily, in all history," wrote Carlyle to the London Times, "there is no instance of an insolent unjust neighbor that ever got so complete, instantaneous and ignominious a smashing down, as France now got from Germany." The entire civilized world looked up on in amazement.

¶ On first September, the crushing defeat came at Sedan after France had declared war on 15th July.

However, Bismarck took seven months for the final papers to be drawn up to his satisfaction. 

Louis Napoleon lost his throne while being a prisoner of war; Though there are long and interesting details, interesting detail is Bismarck finally won and made his point to have any peace made with France has to be ratified by some central authority. 

59

Sedan and the Belgian weaver's hut; the highways to Paris are strewn with wine bottles; death drinks a toast to "German Unity."

¶ After having the fortune to witness the crowning victory of Koeniggraetz, in the Austrian war, the Iron Chancellor's next destiny was to be present at the two battles which had decided the issue of the French war, Gravelotte and Sedan.
