Faithful Dr. Busch, head of the Bismarck press-agency, was one of
the busiest men of the hour. Bismarck, who learned the power of the press in shaping public
opinion, kept Busch constantly employed sending out telegrams, giving the German side of the war.

       *       *       *       *       *

¶ The Chancellor wore the white uniform of Heavy Landwehr Cavalry, with white cap and top boots.

¶ Bismarck and his staff camped along the line of advance, wherever night fell--sometimes in
the château of a French nobleman, again in the hut of a French peasant. The company ate at
a common table, and had the same fare. Bismarck was called "Chief."

¶ Often the table was made by taking doors off their hinges and placing them on barrels or
boxes; then waiters spread the cloth and brought out pewter plates and huge tumblers of a silver-like
metal, lined with gilt.

Candles were stuck in empty wine bottles. Thus the great man worked during the war, week after
week.

Dr. Busch, although a very busy man, managed to gather two volumes of table talk, minute details
of what Bismarck said, ate, drank, preached, the whole set forth in spirited style, affording
an intimate picture of the Iron Chancellor to which all historians are henceforth under obligations.

¶ Firing was going on around the royal party, often dangerously near by, and now and then a
battle would take place close to where the King was encamped, with his faithful minister. They
would ride out, to see the fight. Bismarck read dispatches, made notes, talked to His Majesty,
gave instructions on state matters, counseled with von Moltke on military matters, received
visits, and studied maps. This continued all day and sometimes all night.

                                  58

  Germans drink 2,500,000 bottles of champagne at
  Rheims--Bismarck's ironical revenge!

¶ The high tension of war was relieved by amusing episodes, from day to day. In the evening
of the arrival at Rheims, Bismarck humored himself trying various brands of champagne. Word
was brought that the day before a squadron of Prussian hussars had been fired on from a leading
hotel. Bismarck ordered that the house should at once be torn down and the landlord sent to
prison; but when it was explained that none had been injured, Bismarck waggishly decided to
let the landlord off if he would give 2,500 bottles of champagne to the squadron--an obligation
which the man quickly proceeded to settle.

¶ The Prussians drank, in and around Rheims, some 2,500,000 bottles of champagne; and, for
that matter, the highways all the way to Paris were marked with long lines of empty bottles!

       *       *       *       *       *

¶ Thus Bismarck had his ironical revenge on France; took his cherry brandy or his champagne
as he pleased, while the great war waged.

       *       *       *       *       *

¶ "Verily, in all history," wrote Carlyle to the London Times, "there is no instance of an
insolent unjust neighbor that ever got so complete, instantaneous and ignominious a smashing
down, as France now got from Germany." The whole civilized world looked on in amazement.

¶ France had declared war July 15th, and the crushing defeat at Sedan came September 1.

However, it took seven months before Bismarck was satisfied that the final papers were drawn
to his satisfaction.

Louis Napoleon being a prisoner of war, had lost his throne; and consequently Bismarck insisted
that any peace made with France would have to be ratified by some central authority. It is
a long, interesting story, but Bismarck finally won his point.

                                  59

  Sedan and the Belgian weaver's hut; the highways to Paris are
  strewn with wine bottles; death drinks a toast to "German
  Unity."

¶ As it had been the Iron Chancellor's fortune to be present at the crowning victory of Koeniggraetz,
in the Austrian war, likewise it was now his destiny to be a spectator at the two battles that
decided the issue of the French war, Gravelotte and Sedan.
