Should you be
in a town, and wish to secure theatre-tickets, he becomes more active; he implores you not
to resort to "De Boxing Office, vare you pay premiums, you see;" but he has one or two left
for sale. Should you be weak enough to yield, you will find that the worst seats at the highest
prices are yours; and, if you remonstrate next day, he will sigh wearily, and remark,--"Is
acheslant places, Sar; but was Gala Night, you see,"--an enigma, which those who run may read.
He is always offering to do something, and doing you instead. He is absolutely unnecessary,
for there is seldom anyone in a Grand Hôtel to "chuck out," and this would be his only justification.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE "BLOWER" BURST UP!

  The "Blower" came down, like the braggart he was,
  And of winning the fight was peculiarly "poz;"
  And the voice of his backers was loud in their glee;--
  "We shall lick him in two rounds--or certainly three!"

  Like the "Champion Slugger," in trunks of bright green,
  The "Big Fellow" at Eight fifty-two might be seen:
  Like a truculent Titan, blind, baffled, and blown,
  At Ten thirty-seven the brute was o'erthrown.

  For CORBETT smote fiercely, and CORBETT fought fast,
  And the bullying bounder was beaten at last;
  And the cheeks of the coarse woman-puncher were chill,
  He rolled over, and struggled to rise, and lay still.

  And there stood his foe with his nostrils all wide,
  And the shouts of his backers rolled on in their pride.
  The swells of the Ring and the stars of the Turf
  Surged round like the waves of the storm-beaten surf.

  And there lay the "Blower," distorted and pale,
  With the blood on his brow where the blows fell like hail.
  His backers were silent, he lay there alone,
  His mawleys unlifted, his trumpet unblown.

  And the "Sports" of the South are all loud in their wail.
  But Punch, who hates bullying brutes, can but hail
  That smart Californian's pluck, skill, and strength,
  Who has pricked the big SULLIVAN bladder--at length!

       *       *       *       *       *

"FONS ET ORIGO."--As to London Water "seek Wells," that is if you wish to avoid unpleasant
seq-uels. "Don't leave Wells alone" is our motto, meaning "Sir SPENCER" of that ilk, who has
a deal worth hearing to say on this subject.

       *       *       *       *       *

       *       *       *       *       *

A ROUNDABOUT RAMBLE.

(A FACT FOUNDED ON FICTION.)

The sharp, bright little Traveller made his way to the Cabinet of M. CARNOT, and disturbed
him at work.

"Do you know, M. Le Président," said he, "that the Russians are in secret treaty with the English,
and the Russo-French Alliance is all nonsense--the most unreliable of broken reeds?"

"Well, no," replied CARNOT, "I have not heard anything of the sort; and, if anyone should be
up in it--"

But the Traveller did not want to hear the rest, for he was once again on his road, telling
everyone he met the disquieting intelligence, and, consequently, the French people were greatly
troubled.

He was soon in Berlin. He did not ask for an interview with the KAISER, but took one.

"Your Royal and Imperial Majesty," said he, "are you aware that Italy is in secret accord with
France, and that the Triple Alliance is a sham, and that the cry À Berlin! may be renewed at
any moment?"

"Well, no," said the Emperor, "I have not heard this; and if anyone should know anything about
it, I fancy--"

But the Traveller did not wait for the KAISER to finish the sentence, but was off again, telling
everyone he met the disquieting intelligence. And, consequently, the German people were greatly
troubled.

Then the Traveller obtained admission, in the same unceremonious fashion, to the apartment
occupied by the Emperor of AUSTRIA.

"King of HUNGARY," said he, "are you aware that you cannot possibly rely upon your German neighbour,
because the KAISER has a secret understanding with the CZAR, by which the Principalities will
be included in Russian territory, and the Rhine secured from French invasion?"

"No, I have not heard it," was the answer; "and, if it had been the case, I imagine that--"

But again the Traveller left without waiting for the completion of the sentence, and went his
way telling everyone he met the disquieting intelligence. And consequently, the Austro-Hungarian
peoples were greatly troubled.

And now the Traveller was in the presence of the Emperor of ALL THE RUSSIAS. Again he had obtained
admission without the preliminary of an official introduction.
