He becomes very active if you are in a town and wish to buy tickets for theatre; according to him the Box Office should not be approached, because here we pay premiums but he has one or two with him for sale.  You will find you are in the worst seats at the highest price if you are weak enough to yield to him; and the next day he will shrug off you complaint just by saying it is like this in these places but the night was good.  He is always ready to help you were you could help yourself.  In a Grand Hotel no one needs to see you out, the reason he wants to help you. 

* * * * * 

THE "BLOWER" EXPLODED UP! 

As he had boasted the Blower came down.  Winning the fight was peculiar and the voices of his supporters were loud in their happiness.  They hoped that the opponent shall be defeated in two rounds or three.

The brute was defeated at ten thirty-seven like a truculent Titan who was blind, confused and blown.  The champion slugger who was attired in bright green trunks was the big fellow. 

Corbett smote and fought forcefully and ferociously and so the bullying bounder was beaten finally.  The cheeks of the opponent were chill and he rolling over himself he struggled to stand up but when he could not lay still.
His foe stood there with anger making his nostrils wide, and the encouraging shouts of his supporters showed their pride.  The puffed out Ring and the stars of the Turf rushed forward round similar to the waves of the storm-beaten surf. 

Blower lay there distorted and pale, and blood was there on his brow where he was hit by the opponent and each blow fell like hail.  His supporters remained silent, while he was lying there alsone.  His mawleys were unlifted and the trumpet to praise him was not blown.
The sporting people from the south were all loud in their shouts.  But Punch, who hates harassing brutes, can only praise the smart Californian's pluck, skill, and strength, Who has pricked the big SULLIVAN bladder.

* * * * * 

"FONS ET ORIGO."--As to London Water “try to find Wells," has to be done if you wish to avoid unpleasant consequences. "Don't leave Wells alone" is our aim, meaning "Sir SPENCER" of that type, whose deal is worth hearing to speak on this subject. 

* * * * * 

A ROUNDABOUT WANDERING. 

(A FACT BASED ON FICTION.) 

The Cabinet of M. CARNOT was approached by a bright little traveler who disturbed him while he was working.

“Are you aware, M Le Président?” he asked, “that the Russians had made a secret treaty with the English, and the Russo-French Alliance is all baloney most untrustworthy of broken reeds?” 
“Well, I am not,” replied CARNOT, “I have not been made aware anything of that type, and, also if anyone is up in it” 

The Traveler, did not wait to hear the rest and the took to the road, telling the unsettling truth to everyone he met and as a result of this the French people were also greatly disturbed.
He soon reached Berlin.   Without asking for permission to interview KAISER he straight away went to him.  

"Your Royal and Imperial Majesty," said he, "Do you know the fact that Italy is in secret agreement with France, and that the Triple Alliance is a deception, and that the cry À Berlin! may be renewed at any moment?" 
"Well, I do not," said the Emperor, "I am not aware of this; and I suppose not that anyone will know anything about it.

But the Traveler was not there to hear Kaiser finish speaking and once again he was off, telling the people whoever he met the unsettling secret of truth.  And so even the German people were deeply concerned. 

Next the Traveller reached the apartment of the Emperor of AUSTRIA.  He went inside without any ceremony.  

"King of HUNGARY," he addressed, "Do you know the fact that you cannot entirely rely upon your German neighbor, because the KAISER has a clandestine understanding with the CZAR, and they have agreed to integrate the Principalities to Russian territory, and the Rhine River protected from the attack of French?" 

"No, I am not aware of that,” answered the Emperor; "and, if it is true, I think that...” 
But once again the Traveller left the apartment before the sentence could be completed and went on his way spreading the disquieting intelligence to everyone he met. As a result of this even the Austro-Hungarian people were distressed to a great extent.

The Traveller was now standing in front of the Emperor of ALL THE RUSSIAS.  Now too he had not obtained proper permission to meet the Emperor.
