He gives every thing with equal minuteness, makes no attempt at digesting
or compression, and fills his pages with letters and state-papers at full length; the certain
way, if not connected by ability, to send them to the bottom.

Dean Swift's history of the four last years of Queen Anne, and his Apology for the same sovereign,
contain much valuable information concerning Marlborough's life; but it is so mixed up with
the gall and party spirit which formed so essential a part of the Dean of St Patrick's character,
that it cannot be relied on as impartial or authentic.[2] The life of James II. by Clarke contains
a great variety of valuable and curious details drawn from the Stuart Papers sent to the Prince
Regent on the demise of the Cardinal York; and it would be well for the reputation of Marlborough,
as well as many other eminent men of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, if some of them
could be buried in oblivion. But by far the best life of Marlborough, in a military point of
view, is that recently published by Mr Gleig, in his "Military Commanders of Great Britain,"--a
sketch characterized by all the scientific knowledge, practical acquaintance with war, and
brilliant power of description, by which the other writings of that gifted author are distinguished.
If he would make as good use of the vast collection of papers which, under the able auspices
of Sir George Murray, have now issued from the press, as he has of the more scanty materials
at his disposal when he wrote his account of Marlborough, he would write the history of that
hero, and supersede the wish even for any other.

The fortunate accident is generally known by which the great collection of papers now in course
of publication in London has been brought to light. That this collection should at length have
become known is less surprising than that it should so long have remained forgotten, and have
eluded the searches of so many persons interested in the subject. It embraces, as Sir George
Murray's lucid preface mentions, a complete series of the correspondence of the great duke
from 1702 to 1712, the ten years of his most important public services. In addition to the
despatches of the duke himself, the letters, almost equally numerous, of his private secretary,
M. Cardonnell, and a journal written by his grace's chaplain, Dr Hare, afterwards Bishop of
Chichester, are contained in the eighteen manuscript volumes which were discovered in the record-room
of Hensington, near Woodstock, in October 1842, and are now given to the public. They are of
essential service, especially in rendering intelligible the details of the correspondence,
which would otherwise in great part be uninteresting, and scarce understood, at least by the
ordinary reader. Some of the most valuable parts of the work, particularly a full detail of
the battle of Blenheim, are drawn from Dr Hare's journal. In addition to this, the bulletins
of most of the events, issued by government at the time, are to be found in notes at the proper
places; and in the text are occasionally contained short, but correct and luminous notices,
of the preceding or contemporaneous political and military events which are alluded to, but
not described, in the despatches, and which are necessary to understand many of their particulars.
Nothing, in a word, has been omitted by the accomplished editor which could illustrate or render
intelligible the valuable collection of materials placed at his disposal; and yet, with all
his pains and ability, it is often very difficult to follow the detail of events, or understand
the matter alluded to in the despatches:--so great is the lack of information on the eventful
War of the Succession which prevails, from the want of a popular historian to record it, even
among well-informed persons in this country; and so true was the observation of Alexander the
Great, that but for the genius of Homer, the exploits of Achilles would have been buried under
the tumulus which covered his remains!
