He does not try to compress or synthesize the information he presents, and he presents everything, no matter how trivial, filling the book with full quotations of letters and important legal documents.  This tends to obscure the important facts.

The history of the last four years of Queen Anne, as told by Dean Swift, and his attempted Apology for that selfsame queen, have a surprisingly large amount of good information about Marlborough's life, but so many of the Dean of St Patrick's political and personal vendettas intrude that it can hardly be considered impartial.[2]  In contrast, the life of James II as told by Clarke contains a great variety of valuable information drawn from the Stuart Papers sent to the Prince Regent upon the demise of the Cardinal York.  So curious are some of the details that Marlborough's reputation would undoubtedly benefit -- as well as the reputations of many other notable personages of the time -- if some of the papers disappeared from the historical record.  The best book dedicated solely to Marlborough's life -- at least from a military point of view -- is by far and away Glieg's piece on him in "Military Commanders of Great Britain", which brings to bear Glieg's scientific mind, precise descriptive power, and personal experience of war, which characterize all of his work.  Glieg could expand his research into the papers released to the press under the auspices of Sir George Murray, which he did not have to hand when he wrote his "Military Commanders" piece, and write a history of Marlborough which would never be superceded.

It is fortunate indeed that said collection of papers now being published in London has come to light, and, given the number of people interested in Marlborough's life, it's indeed surprising that they should have remained hidden this long.  Among the gems recovered, as Sir Murray mentions in his preface, is the complete correspondence of the Duke from 1702 to 1712 -- the ten years during which he gave his most notable public service.  Additionally, the letters of the Duke's private secretary, M. Cardonnell, and the journal of the Duke's chaplain, Dr. Hare, who later became Bishop of Chichester, were discovered among the Duke's papers, hidden in a record-room of Hensington, in October of 1842 near Woodstock.  The material of the Duke's retainers makes intelligible finally the details of Marlborough's own correspondence, which would otherwise be impenetrable to a lay audience.  Particularly elucidative is a full account of the battle of Blenheim from Dr. Hare's journal.  Additionally, the relevant government bulletins are referenced at the corresponding places, as are short notes about past or current political and military events which the letters only allude to, and which helps greatly in filling in the details.  Everything is here which could possibly be of use to make sense of the letters, and yet it is this very voluminousness, combined with a dire lack of popular knowledge of the big-picture events of the War of the Succession, which makes it hard to follow the thread of events in the letters, even for a well-informed person.  Alexander the Great did not miss the mark when he observed that, if not for Homer's genius of story, the events of the life of Achilles would similarly have been interred with his bones, and sadly as yet no modern-day Homer has similarly approached the story of the life of Lord Marlborough.
