What is to be done about Hester?  She will spiral down, so Dr Brown says, unless we do something.  I would die for her, but I'm helpless.  I've done my best."

"Me too", the Bishop replied.  "And yet here we are.  We have to put our faith in the one whom we rubbish by not entrusting things to Him.  We have to rely on God.  We have done everything to maintain Hector's life, but now we can do nothing.  We didn't do her any injustices.  There is one friend even greater than we are.  We should entrust her to God's loving hands.  Currently she is not dying through His love, like some sickly child in her mother's arms when the mother eschews the healthy ones.  She is with God, and that is that.  Now go out and amuse yourself, Rachel, you have been overly confined.  I have to go and take care of some things.

After Rachel had gone the Bishop withdrew a letter from his postbox.  It was addressed to Lady Newhaven.

I swore that I would give it straight to her a month after he had died, no matter when that might be" he said inwardly.  "There was a lot of conflict between the pair of them.  Would that she won't put her trust in me.  Well, here I go - I really don't like that woman.  I'll tell her she shouldn't touch it until I've walked out the door.

Chapter XLIX

 The mouse fell from the ceiling, and the cat yelled, "Allah!" --Syrian Proverb. 

Lady Newhaven, of course, was not surprised that help should arrive from as traditional a source as a Bishop.  She was a believer in the clergy and had been her whole life, and yet she almost turned him away when he came given her emotional torment.  Even her faith in the sleeves of her own dress was shaken.  Where was the good left in the world?  Bruised and helpless, it wouldn't have been a surprise had she turned away the Archboshop himself.

After they announced the engagement she had considered going to London and imposing herself on Hugh, but always balked in the end after seeing the trains.  The last tumultuous meeting with Hugh he had had an expression on his face that she didn't want to see again.  After all, she had had no luck when she went to London to see him before.

Rachel could be found at Southminister Palace looking after Hector, she knew that, and she had twice given orders to the carriage to go over there, where she would have pleaded with her to break it off with Hugh, but she knew it would have been to no avail.  Women, especially women like Rachel, have the last laugh over their adversaries.  She did not go in the end.

She was stung by the agonising injustice of it all.  She felt she had been robbed in broad daylight, in full public view, and she could do nothing to get him back.  It was dreadful.  She loved Hugh more than the world, and she thought he would be hers, entwined until her dying days.

And here he was on the verge of marrying Rachel soon.  Jealousy is far greater than any pain.  And yet, she accepted the Bishop's second request to see her.  Although she could never admit any guests, the Bishop wasn't any ordinary guest.  And she had of course let horrible Captain Pratt into her house a few days ago - something she hoped noone would find out.  She would have loathed to hear what Selina and Ada Pratt were talking about during their skate over the worse half of Middleshire.

"Poor old Vi Newhaven, won't admit a soul.  Algy was there last week for a time, but then again, they go back a long way so he doesn't count.
