But what are we to do about Hester? Dr. Brown says something must
be done, or she will sink in a decline. I would give my life for her, but I can do nothing.
I have tried."

"So have I," said the Bishop. "But it has come to this. We have got to trust the one person
whom we always show we tacitly distrust by trying to take matters out of His hands. We must
trust God. So far we have strained ourselves to keep Hester alive, but she is past our help
now. She is in none the worse case for that. We are her two best friends save one. We must
leave her to the best Friend of all. God has her in His hand. For the moment the greater love
holds her away from the less, like the mother who takes her sick child into her arms, apart
from the other children who are playing round her. Hester is in God's keeping, and that is
enough for us. And now take a turn in the garden, Rachel. You are too much in-doors. I am going
out on business."

When Rachel had left him the Bishop opened his despatch-box and took out a letter.

It was directed to Lady Newhaven.

"I promised to give it into her own hand a month after his death, whenever that might happen
to be," he said to himself. "There was some trouble between them. I hope she won't confide
it to me. Anyhow, I must go and get it over. I wish I did not dislike her so much. I shall
advise her not to read it till I am gone."

CHAPTER XLIX

     The mouse fell from the ceiling, and the cat cried, "Allah!"
                                                --Syrian Proverb.

That help should come through such a recognized channel as a Bishop could surprise no one,
least of all Lady Newhaven, who had had the greatest faith in the clergy all her life, but,
nevertheless, so overwhelmed was she by despair and its physical sensations, that she very
nearly refused to see the Bishop when he called. Her faith even in lawn sleeves momentarily
tottered. Who would show her any good? Poor Lady Newhaven was crushed into a state of prostration
so frightful that we must not blame her if she felt that even an Archbishop would have been
powerless to help her.

She had thought, after the engagement was announced, of rushing up to London and insisting
on seeing Hugh; but always, after she had looked out the trains, her courage had shrunk back
at the last moment. There had been a look on Hugh's face during that last momentary meeting
which she could not nerve herself to see again. She had been to London already once to see
him, without success.

She knew Rachel was at the Palace at Southminster nursing Hester, and twice she had ordered
the carriage to drive over to see her, and make a desperate appeal to her to give up Hugh.
But she knew that she should fail. And Rachel would triumph over her. Women always did over
a defeated rival. Lady Newhaven had not gone. The frightful injustice of it all wrung Lady
Newhaven's heart to the point of agony. To see her own property deliberately stolen from her
in the light of day, as it were, in the very market-place, before everybody, without being
able to raise a finger to regain him! It was intolerable. For she loved Hugh as far as she
was capable of loving anything. And her mind had grown round the idea that he was hers as entirely
as a tree will grow round a nail fastened into it.

And now he was to marry Rachel, and soon. Let no one think they know pain until they know jealousy.

But when the Bishop sent up a second time, asking to see her on business, she consented.

It was too soon to see callers, of course. But a Bishop was different. And how could she refuse
to admit him when she had admitted that odious Captain Pratt only four days before. She hoped
no one would become aware of that fact. It was as well for her that she could not hear the
remarks of Selina and Ada Pratt, as they skated on the frozen meadows with half, not the better-half,
of Middleshire.

"Poor Vi Newhaven. Yes, she won't see a creature. She saw Algy for a few minutes last week,
but then he is an old friend, and does not count.
