To determine
was to achieve, in one possessed of his powers of mind and matchless energy. The singularity
of his bearing was very remarkable, and as he lost no opportunity of rendering it conspicuous,
it soon attracted observation, which was all that was necessary for the discovery of the extraordinary
intellectual powers which he possessed. Thus recommended by his superior abilities, his advancement
was rapid. Before he was twenty-nine he was a lieutenant-colonel. His reliance on his own unaided
powers was so entire, that he could ill brook the thought of considering himself bound by obedience
to any one. When speaking at a later period on the subject, he said, "When my sovereign does
me the honor to give me the command of her armies, she supposes me capable of guiding them
to victory; and how can she pretend to know better than an old soldier like myself, who am
on the spot, the road which leads to it? So, whenever her orders are in opposition to her true
interests, I take it for granted that they are suggested by the enmity of her courtiers, and
I act in conformity to what appears to me most conducive to her glory." On some occasions he
acted in accordance with this declaration, and on a very remarkable one showed that he was
justified in the dependence which he had on his own judgment; but whether his acting on it
was defensible, must be left to the martinets to determine. In the year 1771, during the campaign,
when he held the rank of major-general, he found that the Grand Marshal of Lithuania was assembling
the Poles at Halowitz, of which he directly apprised the commander-in-chief, Marshal Boutourlin,
and demanded leave to attack them. Boutourlin, who was a cautious man, thought such a risk
should not be attempted, as Suwarrow had but a few hundred men under him, and therefore decidedly
forbade any attack. At the same time, an account reached Suwarrow that the Regiment of Petersburgh
had just been beaten by the Poles, whose numbers amounted to five thousand men, and were increasing
every day. Fired by the intelligence, he at once determined on action, and advanced at the
head of a thousand men to the attack. Every danger but excited him to additional exertion.
In four days he marched fifty leagues, surprised the Poles at dead of night, and beat and dispersed
them. He took the town of Halowitz and twelve pieces of cannon. His victory was complete, but
he had disobeyed orders; and according to all rules of military discipline he deserved punishment.
It was thus he announced his success to the commander of the army:

    "As a soldier I have disobeyed--I ought to be punished--I have
    sent you my sword; but as a Russian I have done my duty in
    destroying the Confederate forces, which we could not have
    resisted had they been left time to unite."

Boutourlin was in the utmost astonishment, and quite at a loss what steps he should take. He
laid Suwarrow's extraordinary dispatch before the Empress, and requested her orders as to the
manner in which he should act. Catharine lost no time in addressing Suwarrow:

    "Your commander, Marshal Boutourlin, ought to put you under
    arrest, to punish military insubordination. As your sovereign,
    I reserve to myself the pleasure of rewarding a faithful
    subject, who by a splendid action has well served his
    country."

The Order of St. Alexander accompanied this gracious letter. Never was commander more loved
by his soldiers than Suwarrow. Like Napoleon, he shared their hardships and privations as well
as their dangers. He would often pass the cold winter nights in their bivouac and partake of
their humble fare. In every difficulty he kept up their spirits by his alacrity and cheerfulness.
However tinctured with superstition, he had deep devotional feelings; and it is stated that
he never went to battle without offering up a prayer, and that it was his first and last occupation
every day. Often when provisions were failing he would order a fast to be observed by the troops,
as a token of humiliation for their sins: and he always set the example of the prescribed abstinence
himself. The noble self-denial which made him scorn any care for himself which was beyond the
reach of the common soldiers, so thoroughly identified him with them, that all their tender
sympathies were with him, as much as their respect and veneration. He was never seen on the
long and heavy marches of his infantry but on foot by their side; and in every advance of his
cavalry he was at their head on horseback.
