Suwarrow was a man instantly noticed by everyone because he had such a dignified bearing. One was impressed by his intelligence and inexhaustible energy. He was also very capable. It was no wonder then, that he achieved the rank of lieutenant-colonel before he reached the age of thirty. He was so confident of his own superior abilities that he could never consider himself under the authority of someone else. When Suwarrow reminisced about his career in the army, he would talk about his complete dependence on his own abilities which made him disregard orders from even the Queen. His contention was that being in the field, and having vast experience in warfare, he was bound to go by what he considered the best action to be taken at any given moment. If the Queen’s orders were contrary to his own assessment of the situation, he would disregard them on the premise that not being on the scene the queen will not be aware of the real situation, and her orders must have been made according to the dictates of her councilors who did not appreciate him. He was certain that whatever he did was in the interests of the Queen and for her glory.

His penchant to follow his own intellect and instinct, even to the extent of disregarding the Queen’s orders was often justified. One such instance took place in 1771. Suwarrow was a Major-General now. He received intelligence that the Grand Marshall of Lithuania was gathering a large number of Polish people at Halowitz. He lost no time informing his Commander-in-Chief, Marshal Boutourlin, of this amassing of Poles at Halowitz, and asked permission to attack them. Major Boutourlin was not one to be rushed into any action. He was always a careful and cautious man. He refused to permit Suwarrow to attack because the Poles heavily outnumbered Suwarrow’s men. At this time Suwarrow received intelligence that the Poles, numbering five thousand men at that time, had beaten the regiment of Petersburgh. This news fired him up for action. Suwarrow was always keen to follow the path of danger. It thrilled him to do so. Though the Polish army was increasing in numbers all the time, Suwarrow took matters into his own hand, and in flagrant disregard of Marshal Boutourlin’s orders, he quickly marched to the place where the Polish army was camped, swooped down on them in the wee hours of the night in a surprise attack, and scattered the Polish army. Halowitz was now his and he was the absolute victor. 

Though he was victorious, and had captured Halowitz along with six cannons, the fact remained that he had deliberately disobeyed orders not to attack. Such an action had to be punished, according to military rules. Suwarrow was the first to acknowledge that he had disobeyed orders and therefore merited punishment. As a token of this he sent in his sword, saying that he had disobeyed but his timely action had prevented the Confederate forces from uniting into a force that would have become too strong for them to overcome. He was convinced that he had done his duty, as a patriotic Russian, in doing what he did.

One can well imagine the dilemma in which Marshal Boutourlin now found himself in, when confronted by Major General Suwarrow’s statement. Naturally, he put the entire matter before Empress Catherine and left it to her to decide what action had to be taken on Suwarrow. The Empress, while acknowledging that military rules demanded punishment to be meted out for disobedience, she was inclined not only to overlook the act of disobedience, but to reward Suwarrow as a true son of Russia who had acted in the interests of his country and his sovereign. She awarded him the Order of St. Alexander.

Suwarrow was adored by his troops because the endured all their hardships and dangers, staying right by their side. He would seek no special comforts or privileges that his rank entitled him to. He lived just like the soldiers under his command, eating the food they ate, and sleeping in the bivouacs just as they did. He marched on foot by their side and led cavalry attacks. He never pampered himself in any way but totally identified himself with his men.

When food was in short supply he would declare a day of fasting and prayer, leading this ritual himself. He was very devout, starting and ending every day with prayers. No battle began without prayers being said first. Major General Suwarrow was like no other commanding officer. His men loved him dearly and revered him greatly.
