When I asked for a letter of credentials you told  that this thing will never be done by any other hands than the servants of God and that you would direct that we might confer together about everything, but never had a chance to confer with them.  Exactly the contrary has been done. All is because we have not  recognized of our faults. I perceive that from a impulse of love and virtue the humble words proceeded rather from fear and policy. If the wrong done really had been recognized, deeds would have corresponded to the words, would have trusted the needs and what you wished from the Holy Father to the hands of the true servants of God.  Your affairs would have been conducted by them and  Holy Father and you would have reached a good understanding.  But you have not done it that I  feel great bitterness, over the wrong done to God and over our loss.

Sticking fast to your resolution great misfortunes occurred from your stubbornness.  Loose yourselves from the bond of pride, and bind you to the humble Lamb; and do not oppose His Vicar.  For the love of Christ crucified! Hold not His Blood cheap! Do things now, which has not been done in past time. If it seems to you that the Holy Father demanded very hard and impossible to do do not feel bitter or scornful.  He will never wish anything that is impossible to you. As a true father, who beats his son when  wrong reproves him very severely, to make him humble, and to understand  his fault.  The true son does not grow angry with his father, for he sees that whatever he does is done for love of him. The more the father drives him off, the more he returns to him, asking for mercy. On behalf of Christ I tell you, the more times you should be spurned by our father Christ on earth, so many times you are to flee to him. Let him do as he will, for he is right.

You run to him at once, with  humility  and amendment of your sins, behold that now he is coming to his bride to hold the seat of St. Peter and St. Paul. Follow the holy principle you began, shall have peace, spiritual and bodily. And if you do in any other way, we shall call down the wrath of God upon us, and shall not share in the Blood of the Lamb.

The Holy Father is to be at Rome, urgently do it. For the honour of God and  your peace I  shall do what I can until death. Remove the obstacle, for it hinders the holy and sweet Crusade. We are worthy of a thousand hell, comfort you in  Christ sweet Jesus. I hope, you will keep  the way and have good peace. Catherine,  bent herself with new energy to the cause which she had even more deeply at heart--the return of the Pope to Rome. The ascendency which she obtained over his sensitive spirit was soon evident to everyone.  Other people beside this woman of Siena could write letters, and, since Gregory proved superstitious and susceptible to the influence of holy fools, why, there were ecstatics enough in Europe!Obviously The Pope, as  reply of Catherine's, had received an anonymous epistle, craftily wrought, purporting to come from a man of God. Whether Catherine's surmise that the letter was a forgery proceeding from the papal court was justified we do not know. The episode is of interest to us because it  shows how sardonic the meek of the earth is. Catherine's  exposure of the weakness of the anonymous correspondent shows her in a new aspect. Terrible is the scorn of the gentle. Oscillating Gregory must have been magnetized afresh with power to resolve that proceeds  so convincing and vital who is incited to laudable deeds.
