And I never got a chance to talk to them, as you said that you would be directing when I asked the credentials letter, so that we can discuss everything, then you said that "We do not trust  that this case will ever be achieved by anyone other than servants of the God." Exactly otherwise have been made. All due to the fact that we have not received real recognition yet for our mistakes. I understand that my humble words proceeded from fear and politics rather than the actual impulse to love and virtue, and it was wrong of actually observed, the acts would correspond to the words and you have to believe  in your needs and you have to do what you wanted from Holy Father in the hands of genuine God servants. They would thus have been able to pursue your business and holy father so that you could achieve a good understanding. But you have not tried it, which is why I have great bitter feeling over abuse of God, and also on our losses. 

But you don't perceive what is evil, and how great adversity comes your stubbornness, and easy to resolution! oh me! relieve yourself out of pride, and tie yourself to the humbleness, and not despise or oppose his Vicar. Will no longer be so! Because the love of Christ is crucified! do not keep his blood cheaply! That which does not make a thing of the past, do it now. And Do not feel bad or contemptuous if it seems to you that Holy Father called for what seemed a very difficult and impossible task. Yet, he does not want anything other than what is possible for you. But he was not so real father, who punish his son while he is doing wrong deeds. He reproves him seriously, to make him act humbly, and aware of his fault, and no true son will be angry with his father, because he sees that what he is doing, has been the love for him, therefore, more a father drive him away, the more he will return to him, asking mercy. So I say on behalf of the crucified Christ, the more we should be despised father of Christ on earth, that many times you have to escape from him. Allow him do as he, because he is right. 

See, now that he is coming for his bride who is to organize the place of St. Peter's and St. Paul's. Do you run towards him as soon as the genuine humility of the heart and change your sins after a sacred principle, that you have began. This will give you peace, spiritual and physical. And if you does anything in a way that our ancestors never did so much grief as we have, as we invite God's wrath down on us, and may not share blood of the lamb. 

I will not say any more. Not so busy, you can now that the pope is Rome. I have done and will do what I can, until death, the glory of God and his peace, so that this obstacle can be removed, because it prevents the sweet and holy crusade. If nothing else, it should become ill, we are worth one thousand times of hell. Comfort you in Christ Jesus our sweet, I hope, His goodness, that if you like the way you should you have a great peace. Catherine, far from discouraging humiliation or failure of new energy bending itself the reason for which he was still a great time at heart - the return of the Pope in Rome. Ascendency which he took possession of his fragile life was soon obvious to all, and hardly realized it was the only influences set to work. Other people next to this woman of Siena could write letters, and as Gregory proved to be superstitious, and easily affect the holy fools, why was ecstatics enough in Europe! The Pope, as is evident from this reply Catherine, received an anonymous letter, cunningly wrought, supposedly by a man of God, is working on a well-known love of family and tenderness of natural poison warning him he would dare return to Rome. Whether Catherine's assume that the letter was a forgery proceeding papal court was justified, we do not know if the episode is now of interest primarily because it attracted a response, which shows how contemptuous of the world can not be submissive. Catherine's exposure to sharp weakness anonymous correspondent to show him a new perspective. Appalling contempt for Clement. "He wrote that I do not think understands his trade well, he should put himself to school," he writes, and progresses to the analysis so convincing and so refreshing that call, even fragile, Gregory must have the re-magnetized with the power to solve.
