And I never had a chance to
confer with them, as you told me that you would direct when I asked for a letter of credentials,
so that we might confer together about everything, and you said: "We do not believe that this
thing will ever be accomplished by any other hands than those of the servants of God." Exactly
the contrary has been done. All is because we have not yet true recognition of our faults.
I perceive that those humble words proceeded rather from fear and policy than from a real impulse
of love and virtue; for had the wrong done really been recognized, deeds would have corresponded
to the sound of words, and you would have trusted your needs and what you wished from the Holy
Father to the hands of the true servants of God. They would so have conducted your affairs
and those of the Holy Father that you would have reached a good understanding. You have not
done it; wherefore I have felt great bitterness, over the wrong done to God and over our loss.

But you do not see what evil and what great misfortunes come from your obstinacy, and clinging
fast to your resolution! Oh me, oh me! loose yourselves from the bond of pride, and bind you
to the humble Lamb; and do not scorn or oppose His Vicar. No more thus! For the love of Christ
crucified! Hold not His Blood cheap! That which has not been done in past time, do it now.
Do not feel bitter or scornful should it seem to you that the Holy Father demanded what appeared
very hard and impossible to do. Nevertheless he will not wish anything but what is possible
to you. But he does as a true father, who beats his son when he does wrong. He reproves him
very severely, to make him humble, and cognizant of his fault; and the true son does not grow
angry with his father, for he sees that whatever he does is done for love of him; therefore
the more the father drives him off, the more he returns to him, ever asking for mercy. So I
tell you, on behalf of Christ crucified, that the more times you should be spurned by our father
Christ on earth, so many times you are to flee to him. Let him do as he will, for he is right.

Behold that now he is coming to his bride, that is to hold the seat of St. Peter and St. Paul.
Do you run to him at once, with true humility of heart and amendment of your sins, following
the holy principle with which you began. So doing, you shall have peace, spiritual and bodily.
And if you do in any other way, our ancestors never had so many woes as we shall have, for
we shall call down the wrath of God upon us, and shall not share in the Blood of the Lamb.

I say no more. Be as urgent as you can, now that the Holy Father is to be at Rome. I have done,
and shall do, what I can, until death, for the honour of God and for your peace, in order that
this obstacle may be removed, for it hinders the holy and sweet Crusade. If no other ill should
come from it, we are worthy of a thousand hells. Comfort you in Christ our sweet Jesus, for
I hope by His goodness that if you will keep in the way you should you will have a good peace.
Catherine, far from being daunted by mortification or failure, bent herself with new energy
to the cause which she had even more deeply at heart--the return of the Pope to Rome. The ascendency
which she obtained over his sensitive spirit was soon evident to everyone, and no sooner was
it realized than counter influences were set to work. Other people beside this woman of Siena
could write letters, and, since Gregory proved superstitious and susceptible to the influence
of holy fools, why, there were ecstatics enough in Europe! The Pope, as is obvious from this
reply of Catherine's, had received an anonymous epistle, craftily wrought, purporting to come
from a man of God, working on his well-known love for his family and timidity of nature, warning
him of poison should he venture to return to Rome. Whether Catherine's surmise that the letter
was a forgery proceeding from the papal court was justified we do not know; the episode is
of interest to us now chiefly because it called forth a reply which shows how sardonic the
meek of the earth can be. Catherine's trenchant exposure of the weakness of the anonymous correspondent
shows her in a new aspect. Terrible is the scorn of the gentle. "He who wrote it does not seem
to me to understand his trade very well; he ought to put himself to school," writes she, and
proceeds with analysis so convincing and exhortation so invigorating that even the vacillating
Gregory must have been magnetized afresh with power to resolve.
