My folks lef' me in Virginia 'cause
I was too li'l' to be any help, and dey thought dey could get plenty o' cheap labor here. (I'se
talkin' 'bout fo' de war broke out.) Of course Virginia was a slave breedin' state, and niggers
was sold off jes' like stock. Families was all broke up and never seed one 'nother no mo'.

"I don't even know who my mother and father was. I never knowed what 'come of 'em. Me and my
two little brothers was lef' in Virginia when Captain Williams come to Georgia. De specalators
got hol' o' us, and dey refugeed us to Georgia endurin' o' de war. Niggers down here used to
be all time axin' me where my folks was, and who dey was--I jes' tell 'em de buzzards laid
me and de sun hatch me.

"After we was brought to Georgia Mr. James Jackson bought me. I never knowed what 'come of
my brothers. The specalators had tried to keep us together, but we got all separated. I ain't
got no kin in the world today dat I knows 'bout.

"De Jacksons owned a plantation in Baldwin County, but dey sold it and moved to LaGrange, Georgia.
We lived dere 'til after de war was on, den dey move back to Baldwin County. Old Miss lost
her son-in-law, and later her husband died, den her daughter died. She had a little grandchild,
a boy, her daughter's child, to raise. She used to say she had two pets, one pet black child
and one pet white child. She was good to me. I never got no punishin's.

"Old Miss had a lot of kin folks here--high class folks. Dey was stomp down Virginians, too.
Dey use to call me dey kin. Miss Kizzie Weiderman was a niece o' old Miss Jackson's, and she
used to come down the street and say, 'Look here, ain't dat some o' my kin?--Come shake hands
wid me.' Miss Kizzie was a sight. She alluz say when she die she want all her nigger kin to
come and look on her dead body.

"Finally old Miss got dissatisfied and she 'cided de best thing for her to do was to sell her
home and farm here and go to Chicago to live wid her son. Dat lef' me to seek 'nother home,
'cause I didn't want to go off up dere. So we parted.

"I come to town den (it was in 1877) and found work wid de Agent o' the Central o' Georgia
Railroad here in Milledgeville. My Mistis den was Mrs. Ann Bivins. She was good to me, and
when they went away, she say, 'Snovey, ef'n I had the money, nuttin' but death could separate
me and you.' Den the Nesbits was made de Agent, and I work fifty years at dat Central depot.
I used to get up eve'y mawnin' and cook breakfas' for all de section hands, den I'd go to de
house and cook for de family. Child, I jes' worked myself to death. All my folks gone away
now. De Nesbits live in Florida. I sends 'em a bag o' nuts eve'y Christmas, and dey sends me
a box o' oranges. Sometime dey comes here to see me.

"I mus' tell you how de Yankees done when dey come th'ough here. I was wid old Miss Jackson
at dat time. We live over de river. I was a small chap not big enough to do nothing much 'cept
nuss old Miss. We heard de Yankees was comin', and did dey ruin eve'thing! Why Milledgeville
was jes' tore up; twon't nuttin mo'n a cow pasture when de Yankees got th'ough wid it. Dey
tuck all de stock and cattle what folks had, and burned and 'stroyed eve'ything. After de war
was breakin' up, we heerd de soldiers was comin' through here and was go'n pass Town Creek
on de way to Sparta, and on from Sparta to Warrenton, and from Warrenton to Augusta. I lost
record after dat. Some said it was go'n be 15,000 soldiers passing th'ough. We all wanted to
see them. I axed old Miss to lemme go to Sand Town to see 'em. She lemme go. Hit was a crowd
of us went in a big wagon. We did see 'bout 5,000 soldiers. I was 'bout 8 or 9 years old. I
'members jes' as well how dey looked--some of 'em had canteens. Dey was tryin' to git back
home. Dey seemed all bewildered like. I had alluz been skeered o' soldiers, but after I seen
dem I warn't skeered no mo'.

"I had alluz wanted to own a little piece of land, and have me a one room hut like other niggers
had. After I started to cookin' for de white folks at de Central depot, I 'cided I'd buy me
a home. So I got my eyes on a piece of property I wanted and I started to 'vestigatin' it.
It seemed like a heap o' money and me making sech a li'l' bit. I found out Mrs. Ann duBignon
owned de square I wanted, so I went to see her son, de lawyer. He say, 'Snovey, you can't buy
dat lot. You ain't got a chance in de world to pay for it.'

"I warn't satisfied wid dat, so I walked out to where old Miss Ann lived at Scottsboro, and
I talked to her.
