My parents left me in Virginia because I was too little to work with them. They thought they could get plenty of cheap labor before the war broke out. Virginia was a slave state where blacks were sold like cattle. Families were broken up never to see each other again. 

"I don't know who my mother and father were. I never knew what happened to them. My two younger brothers and I were left in VIrginia when Captain Williams came to Georgia. Speculators took custody of us and sent us to Georgia as refugees at the end of the war. Blacks here always used to ask who my parents were and where they were at, I just told them that buzzards had laid me and I was hatched by the sun."

"After we were brought to Georgia, Mr. James Jackson purchased me. I don't know what happened to my brothers. Speculators had tried to keep us together but we ended up separated. I have no family today that I have knowledge of."

"The Jacksons owned a plantation in Baldwin County, but they sold it and moved to LaGrange, Georgia. We lived there until after the war and then moved back to Baldwin County. Old Miss lost her son-in-law and later her husband died. Her daughter died shortly after. She had a grandchild from her daughter, a boy, to raise. She used to say she had two pets, one pet black child and one pet white child. She was good, she never punished me."

"Old Miss had a large family here, upper class people. They used to call me family. Miss Kizzie Weiderman was a niece to old MIss Jackson. She used to come down the street and say. 'Look here, isn't' that some of my kin? Come shake my hand." Miss Kizzie was a sight. She always said that when she died she wanted all her black family to come to her funeral."

"Finally old Miss became unhappy and she decided the best thing for her to do was to sell her home and farm here and move to Chicago to live with her son. That left me to find a new home because I didn't want to go to Chicago."

"I came Milledgeville in 1877 and found work with the Agent of the Central Georgia Railroad. My mistress was Mrs. Ann Bivins. She was good to me and when she left she said, 'Snovey if I had the money, nothing but death could seperate you and I." The Nesbits were made the Agent and I worked fifty years at the Central depot. I used to get up every morning and cook breakfast for all the section hands, then I would go cook for the family. I worked myself to death. Everyone is gone now. The Nesbits live in Florida and I send them a bag of nuts every Christmas. They send me a box of oranges and sometimes they come here to visit me."

"I need to tell you what the Yankees did when they came through here. I was with old Miss Jackson then. We lived over the river. I was a small boy not big enough to much except nurse old Miss. We here the Yankees coming and they ruined everything! Milledgeville was destroyed. There wasn't much more than cow pasture when the Yankees finished with it. They took all the stock and cattle and destroyed and burned everything. After the war was over, we heard the soldiers were coming through here and was going to pass through TOwn Creek on the way to Sparta, on from Sparta to Warrenton and from Warrenton to Augusta. I lost track after that. Some said 15,000 were going to pass through. WE all wanted to see them. I asked old Miss to let me go to Sand Town to see them and she did. A big crowd of us went in a big wagon. We seen about 5,00o soldiers. I was around 8 or 9 years old at the time. I remember how they looked, some of the had canteens. They was trying to get back home, they all seemed bewildered. I was always scared of the soldiers but after seeing them I wasn't scared anymore."

I had always wanted to a own a small piece of land and have a one room house like the blacks had. After I started cooking for the white folks at the Central depot I decided to buy a home. I set my eyes on a piece of property I wanted and started to investigate it. It seemed like quite a lot of money with me making so little. I found out the Mrs. Ann duBignon owned the square I wanted, so I went to see her son who was a lawyer. He told me, 'Snovey, you can not buy that lot. You don't have a chance in the world to pay what it costs.'

"I was not satisfied with that, so I walked out to where old Miss Ann lived in Scottsborro and spoke with her."
