God's creation is a perfect work. The world in which we live is the best possible world as a whole, not the best for the individual at any given time, but my best as a whole, all creatures in your account and all ages of man taken into account. This is the affirmation of a triumphant optimism. 
John Stuart Mill argued that a better world could have taken place and more favorable conditions for man devised. But before this hypothesis can be sustained, the skeptic from the beginning of time must have scanned the history of each individual and studied in detail. It must have explored every creek and the river's influence into his character. He must have understood all the individual's relationship with any other person through all ages. Must have mastered all the facts and laws of our land. And as it maintains a vital connection to the solar system must have grasped all the mysteries that are involved in it. 

As this system is related to the greatest yet of which it forms part, had to know the law and the functioning of each of its stars and the sun. Even more, he must have gone from one system to another with its millions of worlds and familiar with each part of the whole super huge. He must have learned all the secrets of all the forces of nature, and have penetrated into the inner depths of divine being. It must have taken the place of God. 

A Divine Providence. 

In the midst of all our doubts and anxieties, we must cling to the belief that there is a God who makes the clouds his chariot, and walketh upon the wings of the wind - a God who is present in every breath and every summer blast of winter in all buds, and every flower that blooms in the fall of every sparrow and the rolling of all worlds. His Providence is in every swing of the tides, all air circulation in all the attractions and repulsions, in all cohesion and gravitas. These, and the varied phenomena of nature are the direct expression of divine energy, the modes of operation of the Divine Mind, the manifestations of the Divine Wisdom and expressions of Divine Love. 

A very Rives lightning than oak and its shock separates the soul from the body of some unfortunate one purifies the air we can breathe the breath of life million. 

The earthquake that shook much of the earth to its center and destroy cities in ruins, to prevent, by the very serious concussion disasters continents to bury out of sight. 

The hurricane is very sweeping and fell down forests, launching powerful tidal waves on the coast and sending many a gallant ship with all hands, is destructive in its wings, the incense of the sea ", to places remote, which can be the blooming of flowers, the upspringing of grass, the waving of flags of all the greens, and transmigration of the vapors of death that spring from the decomposition of mold. 

Man the Conqueror. 

Pascal said that "man is but a reed, the weakest thing in nature, but it is a reed that thinks." The elemental forces for the time off and can not control. Amid the convulsions of nature that is totally powerless and insignificant. 

It's only for a moment, however, yields. He knows that is the central figure in the universe of worlds. "He is not part of the furniture of this planet, not only in the highest dimension of its creatures, but the lord of all." It's not a parasite, but the paragon of the world. Have faith in the immutability of the laws it is the domain in their suffering. He confidently states that there is nothing wrong, nothing fanciful, there is nothing irregular in its action. The greater the disaster the more earnest effort to determine their causes and learn the lessons it teaches. 

Without fear, the man must comply with life events as they come. Speculation about the future and terrible cataclysms feelings about an immediate end to all the world should be given to the winds.
