God's creation
is a perfect work. The world in which we live is the best possible world on the whole; not
the best possible to the individual at any given moment, but the best possible on the whole,
all creatures considered and all the ages of man taken into the account. This is the affirmation
of a triumphant optimism.

John Stuart Mill averred that a better world could have been made and more favorable conditions
for man devised. But before this hypothesis can be sustained, the skeptic from the beginning
of time must have scanned the history of every individual and studied it in its minutest details.
He must have explored every rill and river of influence entering into his character. He must
have understood every relation of the individual to every other person through all the ages.
He must have mastered all the facts and laws of our earth. And as it sustains a vital connection
with the solar system, he must have grasped all the mysteries which are involved in it.

As this system is related to the still grander one of which it is a part, he must have known
the law and workings of its every star and sun. Still more, he must have gone from system to
system with their millions of worlds and become familiar with every part of the vast stupendous
whole. He must have learned every secret of all Nature's forces, and have penetrated into the
interior recesses of the Divine Being. He must have taken the place of God Himself.

A Divine Providence.

Amid all our doubts and distresses we must hold fast to the belief that there is a God who
maketh the clouds His chariot and walketh upon the wings of the wind--a God who is present
in every summer breath and every wintry blast, in every budding leaf, and every opening flower,
in the fall of every sparrow and the wheeling of every world. His Providence is in every swinging
of the tides, in every circulation of the air, in all attractions and repulsions, in all cohesions
and gravitations. These, and the varied phenomena of nature are the direct expressions of the
Divine Energy, the modes of operation of the Divine Mind, the manifestations of the Divine
Wisdom and the expressions of the Divine Love.

The very thunderbolt that rives the oak and by its shock sunders the soul from the body of
some unfortunate one purifies the air that millions may breathe the breath of life.

The very earthquake which shakes the earth to its center and shatters cities into ruin, prevents
by that very concussion the graver catastrophes which bury continents out of sight.

The very hurricane which comes sweeping down and on, prostrating forests, hurling mighty tidal
waves on the shore and sending down many a gallant ship with all its crew, bears on its destructive
wings, "the incense of the sea," to remotest parts, that there may be the blooming of flowers,
the upspringing of grass, the waving of all the banners of green, and the carrying away of
the vapors of death that spring from decaying mold.

Man the Conqueror.

Pascal said "man is but a reed, the feeblest thing in nature, but he is a reed that thinks."
The elemental forces break loose and for the time being he cannot control them. Amid nature's
convulsions he is utterly helpless and insignificant.

It is but for a moment, however, that he yields. He knows that he is the central figure in
the universe of worlds. "He is not one part of the furniture of this planet, not the highest
merely in the scale of its creatures but the lord of all." He is not a parasite but the paragon
of the globe. He has faith in the unchangeableness of the laws he is mastering while suffering
from them. He confidently declares there is nothing fitful, nothing capricious, nothing irregular
in their action. The greater the calamity the more earnest his effort to ascertain its causes
and learn the lessons it teaches.

Fearlessly man must meet the events of life as they come. Speculations as to future cataclysms
and fearful forebodings as to the immediate end of the world must all be given to the winds.
