God's creation is a hone work. The world in which we live is the best possible world on the totally; not the best conceivable to the individual at any foundered moment, but the best possible on the whole, all creatures considered and all the ages of man taken into the account. This is the affirmation of a jubilant optimism.

John Stuart loiter swore that a better world could have been fixed and more electropositive conditions for man devised. But before this hypothesis can be supported, the skeptic from the beginning of time must have scanned the history of every individual and considered it in its most infinitesimal details. He must have explored every rill and river of mold entering into his character. He must have understood every relation of the individual to every other person through all the ages. He must have down all the facts and laws of our earth. And as it sustains a life-sustaining connection with the solar system, he must have dug all the mysteries which are implied in it.

As this system is referred to the still more talkative one of which it is a part, he must have been intimate the law and workings of its every prima and solarise. Still more, he must have gone from system to system with their millions of worlds and go familiar with every part of the vast prodigious completely. He must have learned every secret of all Nature's mashes, and have soaked into the inner recesses of the Divine Being. He must have looked at the place of God Himself.

A providential Providence.

Amid all our doubts and distresses we must hold fast to the belief that there is a God who maketh the clouds His chariot and walketh upon the wings of the wind--a God who is confront in every summer breath and every wintry shell, in every budding leaf, and every opening blossom, in the fall of every sparrow and the wheeling of every world. His Providence is in every swinging of the surges, in every circulation of the ventilate, in all attractions and repulsions, in all cohesions and gravitations. These, and the variegated phenomena of nature are the organize expressions of the providential Energy, the modes of operation of the Divine Mind, the manifestations of the inspired Wisdom and the expressions of the inspired Love.

The very thunderbolt that divides the oak and by its scandalize sunders the soul from the personify of or so unfortunate one purifies the air that millions may breathe the breath of life.

The very earthquake which escapes from the earth to its midway and shatters cities into ruin, prevents by that very concussion the more life-threatening catastrophes which inter continents out of sight.

The very hurricane which fares sweeping down and on, prostrating afforests, casting right tidal waves on the land and committing down many a gallant send with all its crew, bears on its destructive wings, "the incense of the sea," to most backwoods parts, that there may be the fulgent of flowers, the upspringing of grass, the flourishing of all the banners of greenish, and the carrying away of the vapors of death that spring from decaying mold.

Man the Conqueror.

Pascal scan "man is but a reed, the feeblest thing in nature, but he is a reed that conceives." The ultimate forces come apart loose and for the time living he cannot control them. Amid nature's convulsions he is utterly forgotten and unimportant.

It is but for a moment, all the same, that he yields. He knows that he is the central reckon in the universe of worlds. "He is not one part of the furniture of this planet, not the highest merely in the surmount of its creatures but the lord of all." He is not a parasite but the paragon of the globe. He has faith in the unchangeableness of the laws he is cricifying while holding from them. He confidently declares there is nothing spasmodic, nothing outlandish, nothing temporary in their carry out. The greater the calamity the more sincere his effort to fit its causes and learn the lessons it teaches.

dauntlessly man must match the events of life as they come. Speculations as to following cataclysms and fearful forebodings as to the straightaway end of the world must all be contributed to the winds.
