Knights of
the Shield are such as are made knights by commonwealths or princes, or go to investiture armed,
and with the casque upon their head. Knights of Arms are those who in the opening of a battle,
or upon a foughten field, are dubbed knights.' These distinctions, however, though concordant
with feudal chivalry, were not scrupulously maintained in Italy. Messer Francesco Bandinelli,
for example, was certainly a Cavaliere di Corredo. Yet he took the bath, as we have seen. Of
a truth, the Italians selected those picturesque elements of chivalry which lent themselves
to pageant and parade. The sterner intention of the institution, and the symbolic meaning of
its various ceremonies, were neglected by them.

In the foregoing passages, which serve as a lengthy preamble to Folgore's five sonnets, I have
endeavoured to draw illustrations from the history of Siena, because Folgore represents Sienese
society at the height of mediæval culture. In the first of the series he describes the preparation
made by the aspirant after knighthood. The noble youth is so bent on doing honour to the order
of chivalry, that he raises money by mortgage to furnish forth the banquets and the presents
due upon the occasion of his institution. He has made provision also of equipment for himself
and all his train. It will be noticed that Folgore dwells only on the fair and joyous aspect
of the ceremony. The religious enthusiasm of knighthood has disappeared, and already, in the
first decade of the fourteenth century, we find the spirit of Jehan de Saintrè prevalent in
Italy. The word donzello, derived from the Latin domicellus, I have translated squire, because
the donzel was a youth of gentle birth awaiting knighthood.

  This morn a young squire shall be made a knight;
    hereof he fain would be right worthy found,
    And therefore pledgeth lands and castles round
    To furnish all that fits a man of might.
  Meat, bread and wine he gives to many a wight;
    Capons and pheasants on his board abound,
    Where serving men and pages march around;
    Choice chambers, torches, and wax candle light.
  Barbed steeds, a multitude, are in his thought,
    Mailed men at arms and noble company,
    Spears, pennants, housing cloths, bells richly wrought.
  Musicians following with great barony
    And jesters through the land his state have brought,
    With dames and damsels whereso rideth he.

The subject having thus been introduced, Folgore treats the ceremonies of investiture by an
allegorical method, which is quite consistent with his own preference of images to ideas. Each
of the four following sonnets presents a picture to the mind, admirably fitted for artistic
handling. We may imagine them to ourselves wrought in arras for a sumptuous chamber. The first
treats of the bath, in which, as we have seen already from Sacchetti's note, the aspirant after
knighthood puts aside all vice, and consecrates himself anew. Prodezza, or Prowess, must behold
him nude from head to foot, in order to assure herself that the neophyte bears no blemish;
and this inspection is an allegory of internal wholeness.

  Lo Prowess, who despoileth him straightway,
    And saith: 'Friend, now beseems it thee to strip;
    For I will see men naked, thigh and hip,
    And thou my will must know and eke obey;
  And leave what was thy wont until this day,
    And for new toil, new sweat, thy strength equip;
    This do, and thou shalt join my fellowship,
    If of fair deeds thou tire not nor cry nay.'
  And when she sees his comely body bare,
    Forthwith within her arms she him doth take,
    And saith: 'These limbs thou yieldest to my prayer;
  I do accept thee, and this gift thee make,
    So that thy deeds may shine for ever fair;
    My lips shall never more thy praise forsake.'

After courage, the next virtue of the knightly character is gentleness or modesty, called by
the Italians humility. It is this quality which makes a strong man pleasing to the world, and
wins him favour. Folgore's sonnet enables us to understand the motto of the great Borromeo
family--Humilitas, in Gothic letters underneath the coronet upon their princely palace fronts.

  Humility to him doth gently go,
    And saith: 'I would in no wise weary thee;
    Yet must I cleanse and wash thee thoroughly,
    And I will make thee whiter than the snow.
  Hear what I tell thee in few words, for so
    Fain am I of thy heart to hold the key;
    Now must thou sail henceforward after me;
    And I will guide thee as myself do go.
