Knights of Arms are dubbed knights, here as Knights of the Shield are made knights by commonwealths or princes. This distinction was not thoroughly maintained by Italy, though vibrant with feudal chivalry. For example, Messer Francesco Bandinelli  was  a Cavaliere di Corredo, still he has taken the bath.  Italians lent themselves elegant elements of chivalry to pageant and parade.  Motto of the institution and  meaning of various ceremonies were neglected by them. 

Through the  forthcoming passages I have tried to illustrate from history of Siena because Folgore  represents Sienese society as the pioneer of mediæval culture. This is surely a preamble to Folgore's five sonnets.  Preparation made by the aspirant after knighthood is described in the first series. To honour chivalry funds are raised by mortgaging to furnish the banquets and presents. He also provides provision of equipment himself and all his train.  Very significant is that Folgore is there only for merry aspects of ceremony. In the first decade of the fourteenth century religious enthusiasm of knighthood has disappeared, only spirit of Jehan de Saintrè prevailed in Italy. 
I have translated squire, because the donzel was a youth of gentle birth awaiting knighthood, the word donzello is derived from  Latin.

A young squire shall be made a knight this morning, therefore to furnish suitably the strong man lands and castles will be mortgaged. Rich food will be served by servants to all around in the Choice chambers, torches and large number of Barbed steeds  are in his thought. The noble company were intimated. Arms, clothes etc were repaired. Musicians followed by jokers, beautiful ladies etc assembled.

after introducing the subject Folgore expresses ceremony of investing with suitable preference of images to ideas. Each of the four following sonnets presents a admirable picture to the mind for its artistic dealing. We may imagine ourselves the happenings in the chamber. The aspirant, the recent converted to the belief is nude to express the internal wholeness and no wicked feelings.

Lo Prowess instructs the aspirant to be naked and to obey, to join the fellowship leave the past. To equip afresh hard work afresh. When she see him naked she takes him within her hands and say that she accept him, whom she got by her prayer and accept me as gift so that your future will shine and prosper
After courage modesty is the knightly quality, which Italians see as humility. But is a quality making men stronger to win favors and pleasing. Motto of the great Borromeo family--Humilitas is expressed in Gothic letters underneath the coronet upon their princely palace fronts.   Folgore's sonnet enables us to understand this motto.

He without humility told her that he will guide  and she has wash to clean and will be my darling, my initiative may be followed.
