The war journals were weathered and dog-eared volumes which I came across now and then. As I turned the pages, I found photographs of soldiers who had been my war companions at Gettysburg. Recently, I found some lines of Browning's noble poem 'Saul' which were adapted to express the situaion then. They were rewritten on the fifth of July. The poet mentioned the fall of snow from the mountain during spring to the valley below. The rewritten version aptly described our army's approach to Gettysburg.


" By waves, we crowded thunderously to face the enemies, grimy and black, we fought your battles at the frontline. With all the cuts and scars and furrowed brows, we braved on to the battlefield."

We were indeed at Gettysburg at the celebration which I hope; may never happen again on another fouth of July. Memories of those terrible war days at Gettysburg come flooding to me regardless of how many years had passed. Even the changes of the recent past did nothing to dull those memories.
We certainly did crowd thunderously to the feet of the enemy. For three terrible days, the unforgettable chain of events at Gettysburg were replayed yet again. 
The infantry men at the first line of defence in the battle, together with the calvary or horsemen kicked up so much dust that everything was blurred. We fought hard at battle and moved on.
All along the way to Gettysburg, there were bloodshed and dead soldiers. I was a captain of calvary and in mid June, three weeks before, one hundred of us proudly headed off to battle.
We lost so many comrades in the twenty-day- battle that only thirty-four out of the hundred men survived. On the battlefield, many lay dead; many were languishing in hospitals or became prisoners-of-war. On the heights of Aldie, six young comrades perished and were buried.
On the first of July, one late evening, we heard rumours of heavy battle in Gettysburg nearly forty miles away. We had orders to move in the rear of Sedgwick's corps and that no man was to be left behind. 
We marched all day long to the sound of cannons. At the front, stern Sedgwick trudged on with his regiment and we moved behind to ensure no one left the ranks. The roar of battle was getting more distinct as we neared Gettysburg, then we by-passed the ranks and moved ahead gradually.
At the hilltop, we could see white smoke from the bursting shells some two miles away across the deep valley. The sharp rattle of the musketry was continuous along with the ongoing war. The road all the way to the battlefield was crammed with artillery, ambulances, caissons, ammunition trains, and the approaching infantry men of Sedgwick. They braved on despite their hunger and thirst, their bayonets gleaming, foot-sore and grimy with sweat and dust. They hurried eagerly along to the sound of the canon.  
We quickly crossed the brook that ran across the battlefield and then stopped to await orders.
Before I could dismount from my horse, the men at the head of the column had jumped into the brook after deploying men on the other side of the riverbank. They were glad of the cool water to wash off the sweat and dust of the long march. Shortly after, it seemed that the activities in the brook were all too rousing and soon, the bathers rapidly dressed and formed ranks. All at once, they were ready for battle again.
