
I really did observe and see more than was intended for me to see.  Of the amazing amount of
labor, time and money that has been spent to gather the information contained in the secret
archives of the German General Staff, the marvelous system of war that has been perfected in
the German Empire, I shall tell when I consider the secrets of the War Machine.

Naturally, I soon came to know still other things than what they taught me.  I began to consider
the whole proposition of Secret Service, and before relating my first important mission for
Germany I shall tell you some of the general secrets of the System.

There are four systems of Secret Service in Europe, the four leading powers each possessing
one.  First in systematic efficiency is the German, next comes the Russian, then the French,
and English.  England has a very efficient service in India and her Asiatic possessions, but
has only lately entered the European field.  Last but not least comes the International Secret
Service Bureau with headquarters in Belgium, a semi-private concern which procures reliable
information for anyone who will pay for it.  This service is generally entrusted with the procuring
of technical details, such as the plans of a new kind of gun or data on a new and minor fortification.
Mr. Vance Thompson has also cited special missions like this one that follows.

Not often does the chance come to leave the regular channels of espionage and go forth upon
a mission out of the ordinary.  That chance came a few years ago to the Russian agents in Brussels.
In St. Petersburg the chiefs were desirous of knowing the identity and names of a group of
revolutionists who had formed a sort of colony in Montreux, Switzerland.  A French woman, known
sometimes as Theresa Prevost (the last I heard of her she was in prison) was detailed to the
mission.  Young and clever was Theresa; likewise the man who was ordered to accompany her,
posing as a "brother," Charles Prevost.

The chief of these Russian fugitives, who were down around the lake of Geneva, brewing their
dark plans, was known.  He was Goluckoffsky, and he had a son twenty-two years of age--an impressionable
Russian son. Hence the young and pretty Theresa.

It was decided by her Brussels chiefs that she assume the role of an heiress from Canada. 
Five thousand francs for preliminary expenses were handed over to her and with Charles, the
brother, she descended upon Montreux.  If you were there at the time you will recall the social
triumph made by the young Canadian heiress.  You may even remember that she seemed to be infatuated
with the young impressionable son of old Goluckoffsky.  The day long they were together.  They
were going to be married, and Charles Prevost the "brother," stood in the background, chatted
amiably with old Goluckoffsky and his friends and smiled.

Then as an heiress should, Theresa and her "brother" invited Goluckoffsky, his family and friends,
to a pre-nuptial luncheon.  No expense was spared, for the wires had moaned with requests sent
to Brussels for money.  Young Goluckoffsky was delighted with his fiancée.  She was insistent
that all his friends should be there, all the revolutionaries--although of course his dear
Theresa did not know that.  How the spelling of their names puzzled her.  With gay heart young
Goluckoffsky wrote out all their names on a slip of paper so she could send their invitations
properly--the names St. Petersburg wanted to know.

Came the day of the luncheon, a gala affair in the banquet room of the hotel.  Theresa looked
charming; even the grimmest of the old revolutionists were taken with her.  Old Goluckoffsky
beamed upon this sparkling febrile woman, rich too, who was to marry his son.

Ices had been served when Theresa, her pretty face in smiles, declared that she had a surprise
for her guests.  To her it was the day of days.  What better than a group photograph of her
dear and new friends?  How she would treasure it!  Strangely enough this did not please the
guests.
