It really made me look and see what it was intended for me to see. From the incredible amount of work, time and money spent to get the information contained in the secret archives of the German, the wonderful system of war that has been perfected in the German Empire, I say when I think of the secrets of the war machine. 

Of course, soon came to know still other things he taught me. I began to consider the proposition of all secret services, and before relating my first important mission for Germany going to tell you some of the secrets of the system. 

There are four secret service in Europe, the four major powers with each. First, the systematic efficiency is German, came after Russian, French and English. England have a highly efficient service in India and its possessions in Asia, but only recently entered the European scene. Finally comes the Secret Service International, based in Belgium, a semi-private concern, which seeks to reliable information for anyone who will pay for it. This service is generally entrusted with the acquisition of technical details and plans for a new type of weapon or data in a new defense and under. Mr. Vance Thompson also cited special missions like this one that follows. 

It is unusual for a chance to come and leave the regular channels of espionage and go on a mission out of the ordinary. That opportunity came a few years ago, Russian officials in Brussels. In St. Petersburg the leaders were anxious to know the identity and the name of a group of revolutionaries who had formed a kind of colony in Montreux, Switzerland. A French woman, sometimes known as Teresa Prevost (last time I knew I was in prison) was detailed to the mission. Theresa was young and intelligent, also the man who ordered him to accompany her, posing as a brother, Charles Prevost. 

The chief of these fugitives from Russia, passing through Lake Geneva to prepare plans for the dark, was known. Goluckoffsky was, and had a son twenty years of age - an impressionable Russian child. Thus the young and beautiful Teresa. 

It was decided by his bosses in Brussels to assume the role of an heir in Canada. Five thousand francs for preliminary expenses were given to her and Carlos, the brother who fell in Montreux. If you were there at the time to remember the social triumph of the young Canadian heiress. You may even remember that she seemed to be madly in love with the younger son of the former Goluckoffsky impressionable. The day we were together. Were getting married, and Carlos Prevost brother was in the back, chatting amiably with old friends and Goluckoffsky and smiled. 

Then, as an heiress should, Teresa and her "brother" Goluckoffsky invites family and friends for lunch prenup. No expense was spared for the cables had moaned of requests sent to Brussels for the money. Goluckoffsky Young was delighted with his girlfriend. He insisted that all his friends should be there, all revolutionaries - though of course his beloved Teresa did not know. How the spelling of his name to his perplexity. With the heart Goluckoffsky young gay wrote all their names on a sheet of paper so she could send their invitations properly - the name of St. Petersburg wanted to know. 

The day of the lunch, a gala event in the banquet hall of the hotel. Teresa was lovely, even more bleak old revolutionaries were taken with her. Old Goluckoffsky shone in women Febrile sparkling, rich, too, would marry his son. 

The ice had served as Teresa, her pretty face in smiles, said he had a surprise for your guests. For her it was the day of days. What's better than a group photograph of his friends and the new ones? How does she treasure! Curiously this was not liked by the guests.
