I have a power to observe things and understand every aspects of the matter more than what is expected from me.I am able to brief the amount of money, labour and time spent the secret archieves to gather information  and the system of war perfected by the German Empire by considering the secrets of the war machine.
   I began to understand other things than what they taught me.By considering the whole proposition of secret service I will try to tell you some of the secrets of the system.
   The four leading powers in Europe possess its own secret services. Germany is in the  first place with its systematic efficiency second is Russia then French and English respectively.Although England had efficient service in Asiatic countries like India it entered in Europe late. The International secret service Bureau with its headquarters in Belgium is able to give reliable information for anyone who will pay for it.It is semi-private concern. Eventhough they provide the information they won't reveal the technical details like the plans for a new kind of gun or data about a new and minor fortification. 
   Often the secret service agencies  will not get a chance to go forth with a mission . But a few years ago the Russian agents in Brussels went on a mission to identify the names of a group of revolutionists who formed a sort of colony in Montreux in Switzerland. A young and clever  French woman named Theresa Prevost went out for this mission with a man who acted as her brother.She went there with his so called brother and she assumed the role of an heiress from Canada. Five thousand francs were handed over to her for the priliminary expenses.The chief of the Russian fugitives  named Goluckoffsky  had a son of 22 years of age. He fell in love with the pretty Theresa.They were together for the whole day and Charles Prevost stood in the background chatting with old Goluckoffsky and his friends. 
   The young Goluckoffsky was delighted with his fiancee. Theresa and her brother invited them with their family and friends for a lunch. Theresa insisted his young lover should bring all his friends. To invite them for the lunch she asked him to write all their names on a slip of paper.Thus they got all their names which St.Petersburg wanted to know.
    At last the day of luncheon came which was a gala affair in the banquet room of the hotel. Theresa looked very beautiful. All of the revelutionists were excited by her presence.Old Goluckoffsky was very thrilled about the rich and beautiful woman who was to marry his son.
   But when Theresa asked her guests to pose for a group photo with her strangely enough they were not at all pleased by this
