"A new way to pay old debts," indeed! Every part of the bargain or trick of
the game is by the main operators well known and availed of for their own behoof. By letter,
persons have been introduced into circles where they had no footing, posts for whose responsibilities
they were utterly unfit, and trusts whose funds they showed more faculty to embezzle than apply.
Such licentious proceedings have good-natured concessions to wrong requests multiplied to the
hurt of the commonweal. Let us beware of this kind of sympathetic lie, which ends in robbery,
and swindles thousands out of what is more important than material property, for the support
of pretenders that are worse than thieves, who are bold enough, like drones, to break into
the hive of the busy and eat the honey they never gathered, absorbing to themselves, as far
as they can, the courtesy of the useful members of the community by the worst monopoly in the
world.

Our treatment of the subject would be partial, if we did not emphasize the advantage of a right
use, of this introductory prerogative. What more delightful to remember than that we brought
together those who were each other's counterparts? What more beautiful than to have put the
deserving in the way of the philanthropic, and illustrated the old law, that, grateful as it
is to have our wants supplied, a lofty soul always finds it more blessed to give than to receive,
and a boon infinitely greater to exercise beneficent affection than even to be its object?
It ill becomes us who write on this theme to put down one unfair or churlish period. We too
well remember our own experience in circumstances wherein our only merit was to be innocent
recipients of abundant tokens of good-will; and perhaps the familiar instance may have pardon
for its recital, in illustration of the mercy which the letter-bearer may not seldom find.
An epistle from a mutual acquaintance was our opportunity of intercourse with a venerable bachelor
residing in the city of Antwerp. It was so urged upon us, that the least we could do was to
present it, expecting only a few minutes' agreeable conversation. Shall we ever forget the
instant welcome that beamed from his benignant face, or how he honored the draft upon him by
immediately calling upon all the members of our travelling-party? how literally, against all
our expostulations, he gave himself up to us, attending us to picture-galleries and zoological
gardens, insisting on disbursing the entrance-fee for us all, with our unavoidable allowance
at the moment, and, on our exaction of a just reckoning with him at last, declining to name
the sum, on the unanswerable plea of an old man's poor and failing memory! "Does the old man
still live?" Surely he does the better life in heaven, if his gray locks on earth are under
the sod, and it is too late for these poor lines to reach his eyes, for our sole repayment.
Without note, but only chance introduction, a similar case of disinterested bounty in Liverpool
from one of goodness undiscriminating as the Divine, which gives the sun and rain to all, stood
in strange contrast with the reception of a Manchester manufacturer, almost whose only manifestation
in reply to the document we tendered was a sort of growl that we could see mills in Lowell
like those under his own control. Perhaps, from his shrewd old head, as he kept his seat at
his desk, like a sharp-shooter on the watch and wary for the foe, he only covered us with the
surly weapon of his tongue in the equitable way for which we have here been contending ourselves!
Certainly we were quite satisfied, if the Englishman was.

But printed lies, as well as written, are largely sympathetic. We are bitter against the press;
and surely it needs a greater Luther for its reformer. But its follies are ours; its corruptions
belong to its patrons. The editor of a paper edits the mind of those that take it. He cannot
help being in a sort of close communion. Perhaps he mainly borrows the very indignation, not
so very pure and independent, with which he reproves some ingenuous satirist of what may appear
indecent in our fashions of amusement, or unbecoming in the relations of the sexes or the habits
of the young. "The voice is the voice of Jacob, but the hands are the hands of Esau." He is
two and more, as we all are, while he is one, and must not be blamed on his own score alone.
The London "Times," already mentioned, is called the Thunderer; but, like the man behind the
scenes at the theatre with his machinery, it thunders as it is told.
