ESSENCE OF PARLIAMENT.

Sir AUCKLAND GEDDES, president-elect of a Canadian university, has wide-ranging knowledge on a great variety of subjects, making him a very valuable asset to the New Zealand Ministry. This was recently displayed when he was acting in place of the President of the Board of Trade and was asked a difficult question about gas scrubbing. His oof-the-cuff response showed him to be surprisingly well-informed on the subject. Geddes is also a consummate politician: when questioned about meat imports, he managed to steer clear of the recent controveries and distract the audience with a learned discourse about mutton.


Mr Remer, a new member, is a handsome go-getter, but his realism may be off-putting to some. He does not forbear to to call attention to serious issues, even when cheerful platitudes would be more welcome to his audience.

A recent shortage of whiskey had been a concern to may in parliament. When George Roberts replied to a complaint that a Scottish concern was failing to properly supply its customers with a desire to be given "specific cases", the unconsciously punning wording tickled the funny-bone of may listeners.



In peacetime, we are told by Mr. Illingworth, the average number of telegrams send by the government was about forty thousand telegrams a month. By the end of the war, the rate was over 25 times as high. While some increase is due to the speed requirements of public affairs, one suspects much of it is simply the tendency of colonial beaurocrats to cover themselves by means of wire-entanglements.

Scottish parliament members' retorhic concerning the pending housing bill would lead an innocent listener to believe that the population were living under such dire circumstances that it's nothing short of miraculous that half the country hadn't died of typhoid and exposure. When it comes to securing a portion of the government pork barrel for their home constituencies, the Scots are no less skilled than the Irish at painting a pathetic picture. Even the Scottish House of Lords are not defficient in these dramatic skills. From what Lord Forteviot said, the population of the Western Hebrides is living under conditions that would shame a cave man, with many dwellings virtual mudholes. Perhaps this explains why recruits from that area proved themselves so adept in trench warfare in the last war.

The House of Lords gave a second presentation of  the Solicitors' Bill, which would allow officially incorporated professional societies to impose sanctions on misbehaving lawyers, rather than leaving their sentences to be determined by a Divisional Court. Several members were in that the measure would be enthusiastically welcomed by the sketchier tribe of lawyers,--presumably on the principle of "Better the devil you know."

Coloral Yate derided a recently published pamphlet on the value of the classics in UK education. Sir John Rees countered that he had read the pamphlet himself and found it valuable.

The government Food Ministry, created during the war, has proved its lasting value better than any of the other wartime ministries.
