
       *       *       *       *       *

       *       *       *       *       *

ESSENCE OF PARLIAMENT.

Monday, May 5th.--Sir AUCKLAND GEDDES is the maid-of-all-work of the Ministry. Deputising for
the PRESIDENT OF THE BOARD OF TRADE he had an opportunity of displaying an encyclopaedic knowledge
which fully justified his position as President-elect of a Canadian University. Mr. JOYNSON-HICKS
probably thought he had floored him with a poser on "gas-scrubbing," but Sir AUCKLAND knew
all about it.

He is discreet as he is erudite. An inquiry about meat-imports elicited plenty of information
about "ewe-mutton" and "wether-mutton," but not a word about the Manchurian and other exotic
beef recently foisted upon London consumers.

Mr. REMER is one of the most attractive and enterprising of the new Members. But I am afraid,
despite his cheery appearance, that he is a bit of a pessimist. With Peace believed to be so
near, it was distinctly depressing to find him calling attention to the danger of a deficiency
of pit-props "in any future war," and refusing to be put off with the usual official answer,
"in view of the urgency of the question."

There are few topics which excite more general interest in the House than the shortage of whisky.
When, in reply to a complaint by Colonel THORNE that a firm of Scotch distillers had refused
to furnish their customers with adequate supplies, Mr. GEORGE ROBERTS remarked that he would
like to be supplied with "specific cases," he was, no doubt unconsciously, expressing an almost
universal desire.

Before the War, as we learned from Mr. ILLINGWORTH, Government offices used to send on the
average about forty thousand telegrams a month. At the end of it the number had risen to close
on a million. Much of the increase is due, no doubt, to zeal for the rapid despatch of public
business, but some, one fears, to the natural tendency of dug-outs (even in Whitehall) to protect
themselves with wire-entanglements.

If one were to believe all that the Scottish Members said about their own country in the debate
upon the Housing (Scotland) Bill Dr. JOHNSON'S gibes would be abundantly justified. Half the
population, according to Sir DONALD MACLEAN, are living in such over-crowded conditions that
the wonder is that any of the children survive to man's estate, and still more that they retain
sufficient energy to run most of the British Empire. But in the circumstances a certain amount
of exaggeration may be forgiven. When it is a case of touching the Imperial Exchequer for local
advantage the Scot is no whit behind the Irishman in "making the poor face."

Tuesday, May 6th.--The Scottish peers are no less impressed with the miserable condition of
their country, Lord FORTEVIOT declared that in the Western Hebrides the housing accommodation
was no better than the caves of primitive man. Yet these cave-dwellers furnished some of the
stoutest recruits to the British army. Perhaps it was their early experience that made them
so much at home in the trenches.

Their lordships gave a Second Reading to the Solicitors' Bill, designed to enable the Incorporated
Law Society to punish as well as try offending attorneys, instead of leaving their sentences
to be determined by a Divisional Court. The LORD CHANCELLOR and Lord BUCKMASTER were of one
mind in thinking that the measure would be enthusiastically welcomed by the lower branch of
their profession--presumably on the principle of "Better the devil you know than the devil
you don't know."

The issue of an official pamphlet on "The Classics in British Education" aroused the wrath
of Colonel YATE, who contemptuously asked what "suchlike subjects" had to do with reconstruction.
Before the Minister could answer, Sir JOHN REES, fearing lest all Anglo-Indians should be thought
to hold the same cultural standard, jumped to his feet to declare that he had read the pamphlet
and found it admirable.

Of all the new Departments instituted during the War the Food Ministry has best justified its
existence.
