Anna Deming Gray from Topeka is a writer who writes negro dialect stories, stories for children, and some verse. Elizabeth Barr Arthur, is an author of a number of books, histories of several Kansas counties and some volumes of poems, "Washburn Ballads." Mrs. Sarah E. Roby is a both prose and verse writer.

A granddaughter, Marjory Roby, is an author number of stories and plays. Eva Bland Black gives poems and song lyrics to the magazines. She served as an apprentice both as reporter and city editor of the Journal and Evening News of Garnett. She also served as associate editor of the Concordia "Magnet." Mrs. Isabel McArthur is a natural writer of poet and song.

She has published  "Every Body Loves a Lover", a verse. Her last song, "When The Bloom Is On The Cherry At Sardou" has gained much popularity and sung widely. Edna E. Haywood wrote "Fifty Common Birds Around the Capital."

Mrs. Mary A. Cornelius has written four books, "Little Wolf," "Uncle Nathan's Farm," "The White Flame," and "Why? A Kansas Girl's Query" when she was a resident of Topeka. Another book will be published soon. Mrs. Mary Worrall Hudson, wife of the late General J. K. Hudson,is a former editor of the Topeka Capital. She is the author of "Two Little Maids And Their Friends," "Esther, The Gentile," and many famous short stories and poems. Her classic prose-poem: "In The Missouri Woods" is widely known as her masterpiece. Mrs. Sara Josephine Albright, formerly of Topeka and now of Leavenworth, is a really good singer of childlife. Her volume of verse, "With The Children" is a combination of both lullabies and mother-love poems. She is working on a book of stories for children and will be on market soon.

Jessie Lewellyn Call is deceased but was the clever and beautiful daughter of the first Populist governor of Kansas, was a popular essayist and short story writer. For many years she served as one of the editors of the Chicago Inter-Ocean.

Dorothy Canfield Fisher who is a writer of both fiction and text-books and many short stories of different kind is claimed by Lawrence. She wrote "Corneille And Racine In England," "English Rhetoric And Composition," "What Shall We Do Now," "Gunhild," "The Squirrel Cage" and "The Montessori Mother." Louise C. Don Carlos is the author of "A Battle In The Smoke" considered as one of the best Kansas works on fiction. She did appreciable work on the Nashville Tennessee Banner and is very active in magazine verse.

Mrs. Anna W. Arnett is a Lawrence teacher. She writes verse and songs. She has also issued a primer, the Kansas text-book and a primary reading chart for which she has been given a United States patent. Margaret Lynn, one of the faculty of Kansas University,  writes short stories and is the writer of the famous "A Step-Daughter Of The Prairies."

Mrs. A. B. Butler, who lives in Manhattan, wrote "The Trial And Condemnation of Jesus Christ From a Lawyer's Point of View;" a novel, "Ad Astra Per Aspera;" and also has many newspaper works in basket. Mrs. Elizabeth Champney was a teacher in the Kansas State Agricultural College. But now she is the author of more than twenty books and many short stories such as "Three Vassar Girls Abroad," "Witch Winnie Series," "Dames And Daughters of Colonial Days," "Romance of French Abbeys," "Romance of Italian Villas," and "Romance of Imperial Rome."

Sadie E. Lewis who resides in Hutchinson,  has written "Hard Times In Kansas" and other well-known verses. Her daughter, Ida Margaret Glazier, is also a famous poet and song writer. Mrs Alice McAllily has written "Terra-Cotta" and many books which are famous among people.

Lillian W. Hale from Kansas City wrote verses, short stories, and a novel. Another novel is about to be published this autumn.

Lois Oldham Henrici is a one-time Sabetha and Parsons woman. She  has short stories like "Representative Women" in her basket now.

Laura D. Congdon, who is a Newton pioneer, wrote many verses and short stories. Mary H. Finn, from Sedgwick, is a writer of beautiful verse and much prose. Jennie C. Graves, who resides in Pittsburg, has written many poems and moving picture plays. Mrs. Johannas Bennett, another woman from Pittsburg, is the author of an historical novel, "La Belle San Antone." Florence L. Snow, from Neosho Falls, is considered as an artistic and finished writer of verse and prose.
