
The Balbi mansion, filled with pictures, detained us from the churches filled with more. I
have heard some of the Italians confess that Genoa even pretends to vie with Rome herself in
ecclesiastical splendour. In devotion I should think she would be with difficulty outdone:
the people drop down on their knees in the street, and crowd to the church doors while the
benediction is pronouncing, with a zeal which one might hope would draw down stores of grace
upon their heads. Yet I hear from the inhabitants of other provinces, that they have a bad
character among their neighbours, who love not the base Ligurian and accuse them of many immoralities.
They tell one too of a disreputable saying here, how there are at Genoa men without honesty,
women without modesty, a sea with no fish, and a wood with no birds. Birds, however, here certainly
are by the million, and we have eaten fish since we came every day; but I am informed they
are neither cheap nor plentiful, nor considered as excellent in their kinds. Here is macaroni
enough however!--the people bring in such a vast dish of it at a time, it disgusts one.

The streets of the town are much too narrow for beauty or convenience--impracticable to coaches,
and so beset with beggars that it is dreadful. A chair is therefore, above all things, necessary
to be carried in, even a dozen steps, if you are likely to feel shocked at having your knees
suddenly clasped by a figure hardly human; who perhaps holding you forcibly for a minute, conjures
you loudly, by the sacred wounds of our Lord Jesus Christ, to have compassion upon his; shewing
you at the same time such undeniable and horrid proofs of the anguish he is suffering, that
one must be a monster to quit him unrelieved. Such pathetic misery, such disgusting distress,
did I never see before, as I have been witness to in this gaudy city--and that not occasionally
or by accident, but all day long, and in such numbers that humanity shrinks from the description.
Sure, charity is not the virtue that they pray for, when begging a blessing at the church-door.

One should not however speak unkindly of a people whose affectionate regard for our country
shewed itself so clearly during the late war: a few days residence with the English consul
here at his country seat gave me an opportunity of hearing many instances of the Republic's
generous attachment to Great Britain, whose triumphs at Gibraltar over the united forces of
France and Spain were honestly enjoyed by the friendly Genoese, who gave many proofs of their
sincerity, more solid than those clamorous ones of huzzaing our minister about wherever he
went, and crying Viva il General ELIOTT; while many young gentlemen of high station offered
themselves to go volunteers aboard our fleet, and were with difficulty restrained.

We have been shewed some beautiful villas belonging to the noblemen of this city, among which
Lomellino's pleased me best; as the water there was so particularly beautiful, that he had
generously left it at full liberty to roll unconducted, and murmur through his tasteful pleasure
grounds, much in the manner of our lovely Leasowes; happily uniting with English simplicity,
the glowing charms that result from an Italian sky. My eyes were so wearied with square edged
basons of marble, and jets d'eaux, surrounded by water nymphs and dolphins, that I felt vast
relief from Lomellino's garden, who, like me,

    Tir'd with the joys parterres and fountains yield,
    Finds out at last he better likes a field.

Such felicity of situation I never saw till now, when one looks upon the painted front of this
gay mansion, commanding from its fine balcony a rich and extensive view at once of the sea,
the city, and the snow-topt mountains; while from the windows on the other side the house,
one's eye sinks into groves of cedar, ilex, and orange trees, not apparently cultivated with
incessant care, or placed in pots, artfully sunk under ground to conceal them from one's sight,
but rising into height truly respectable.
