The Balbi mansion in Genoa contains enough art to rival the splendour of the churches of Rome. Even the Italians admit it to be so. I find it hard to believe. While devoted people revel in the blessings bestowed upon them and their town, there are those who lack the character and virtues as people of other provinces. Genoa men lack honest, the women lack modesty. Genoa is a beautiful shell that lacks beautiful inhabitants. Genoa contains an aboundance of wildlife, however, they require deep pockets to obtain and are far from the best quality. The aboundance of macaroni is a different story however, I have had more than my satisfying fill of the stuff.

The narrow streets in Genoa are inconvenient and impractical. The poor are everywhere. They encroach on your space, beg for mercy in the name of the Lord and with practiced perfection, holds on for dear life while you are forced to look at their every anguish and turmoil. Such pathetic misery, it is so disgusting to witness and be a part of this gaudy city. The days are too long to deal with this. In Rome people beg for a free blessing, not a handout.

One should not however speak unkindly of a population whose affection for our country showed itself so clearly during the late war: a few days residence with the English consult here at his country seat gave me the opportunity to hear instances of the Republic's attachment to Great Britain, whose victory in Gibraltar over the French and Spanish were thouroghly enjoyed by the Genoese, who gave many proofs of their sincerity, more solid than those clamorous ones of huzzaing our minister about wherever he went, and crying Viva il General ELIOTT; while many young gentlemen of high station volunteered to come aboard our fleet, and were barely restrained.

We have been showed the most amazing villas belonging to the noble of this city, among which Lomellino's was the most incredible. The water there was so particularly beautiful, that he had generously left it at full liberty to roll unconducted, and murmur through his tasteful pleasure grounds, much in the manner of our lovely Leasowes. My eyes were so overwhelmed with square edged basons of marble, and jets d'eaux, surrounded sculpture and statue aplenty, that I felt vast relief from Lomellino's garden. Lomellino, like me, sick of the craft of the cities, prefers the simplicity of nature.

The mansion commands a view of the sea, the city, and the snow-topt mountains so much so that it takes ones breath away. Opposite the expansive view groves of cedar, ilex, and orange trees, naturally placed and left unkept and raw, tantalize the senses and rise into height truly respectable.
