The Balbi house which was filled with pictures, detained us from the churches filled with more pictures. Hearing some of the Italians confess that Genoa even pretends to vie with Rome herself in ecclesiastical splendour. In support I think she would be with difficulty outdone: the people bend knees on the road, and crowd to the church while the benediction is pronouncing, with a zeal which one might hope could draw down alot of grace upon their heads. Yet I hear from the inhabitants of other provinces, that they have a bad character among their neighbours, who love not the base Ligurian and accuse them of many immoralities. They tell one too of a disreputable saying here, how there are at Genoa men who are dishonest, women without modesty, a sea without any fish, and a wood with no birds. Birds, however, here certainly are in millions, and we have eaten fish daily; but I am informed they are neither cheap nor plentiful, nor considered as excellent in their kind. Here is macaroni enough however!--the people bring in such a vast dish of it at a time, it disgusts one.

The streets of the town are too narrow for beauty or convenience--impracticable to coaches, and so beset with beggars which is a pathetic sight. Hence the chair above all things, necessary to be carried in. If you are likely to feel shocked at having your knees suddenly griped by a beggar; who perhaps holding you forcibly for a minute, conjures you loudly, by the sacred wounds of our Lord Jesus Christ, to have compassion upon his; that one must be a monster to quit him unrelieved. Such pathetic misery and very disgusting distress, did I never see before, as I have been witness to in this city--and that not occasionally  but all the time, and in such numbers that humanity shrinks from the description. 

One should not however speak bad things about people whose loving regard for our country shewed itself so clearly during the late war: a few days residence with the English consul here at his country seat gave me an good chance of hearing many incident of the Republic's generous attachment to Great Britain, whose triumphs at Gibraltar over the united forces of France and Spain were honestly enjoyed the friendly Genoese, who gave many proofs of their sincerity, more solid than those clamorous ones of huzzaing our minister about wherever he went, and crying Viva il General ELIOTT; while many young gentlemen of high station offered themselves to go as volunteers aboard our fleet.

We have been shewed as some beautiful villas belonging to the cities noblemen, among which Lomellino's was the most pleasing; as the water there was so beautiful, that he had generously left it at full freedom to roll unconducted, and murmur through his tasteful pleasure grounds, much in the manner of our lovely Leasowes; happily uniting with simplicity, the shining gems that result from an Italian sky. My eyes were so tierd with square edged basons of marble, and jets d'eaux which was surrounded by water creatures and dolphins, that I felt vast relief from Lomellino's garden, who, like me,

Such situation I never saw till now, when one looks at the painted front of this happy looking house, commanding from its large balcony an amazing view of the sea, the city, and the snow covered mountains. The windows on the other side of the house, one could see a magnificent view into wood of cedar, ilex, and orange trees, not apparently cultured with incessant care, or placed in pots, artfully sunk under ground to conceal them from one's sight, but rising into a great height.
