Perhaps the most difficult problem of legislation is how to punish crime, and in so do reform the criminal; how to uphold the man as a terror to evil-doers and yet at the same time be implanting in him the seeds of a future more happy and prosperous life. We are a long way from despairing for some approximation to a solution, which is the ultimate target, but we are also unconvinced that even this will not be shown to us by those willing to ignore the difficulties they have to contend with. Therefore, without assuming the air of opposition to the plans of philanthropic legislators, we can try to correct some of their misconceptions and oversights that energic reformers are likely to fall into while viewing punishment in its reformatory aspect.

We have chosen to comment on the pamphlets of Captain Maconochie, not only because they show hasty and illogical reasonings and forgetfullness of basic principles, but they also contain some suggestions with real value - a suggestion towards an efficient prison discipline, which needs to be examined in further detail. In addition to these pamphlets, we have added a brief work of Zschokke's, the Swiss historian, on capital punishment so that we might extend our consideration to this subject also. It is evident that the question of capital punishment, and the various questions relating to prison discipline, encompass all that is either interesting or important in the prevailing discussions on penal legislations. Transportation doesn't form an essentially different class of punishment, as the transported convict is only different in that he has to serve his sentence in foreign lands.


There is an unsolvable contradiction in the term reformatory punishment. Punishment is suffering, deprivation, pain, despair and affliction, but reformation is kindness, a measure of prosperity and a greater measure of hope. Castigation has no genial input. It may prevent the repeat of the identical offense it visits, but no conversion or renewal or the heart waits on its hostile presence. The disposition will still remain the same, with additional angry sentiments which are generated from endured pain. No philosopher would invent a purgatoiry for the purifying of corrupted souls, instead he would say that purgatory would be a place of preparation, but not for heaven. You can make devils in purgatory, nothing better; he must already be twice a saint whom the smoke of your torments would not blacken to a demon.

We may rest assured that the infliction of punishment must always be an evil to both body and mind, to both society and the culprit. If the threat alone could be constantly efficacious and the stubborness, passion and obtuseness of men would not oblige the execution of the penalty for the purpose of sustaining the efficacy of the threat then all would be well, and penal laws might be in full harmony with the best educational institutions and the highest interests of humanity.
