
  CONTENTS.

  ON PUNISHMENT.                                                     129

  PÚSHKIN, THE RUSSIAN POET. CONCLUDED.                              140

  MARSTON; OR, THE MEMOIRS OF A STATESMAN. PART XVIII.               157

  A LETTER FROM LONDON. BY A RAILWAY WITNESS,                        173

  PRIESTS, WOMEN, AND FAMILIES,                                      185

  MY COLLEGE FRIENDS. NO. II.--HORACE LEICESTER,                     197

  ZUMALACARREGUI,                                                    210

  NORTH'S SPECIMENS OF THE BRITISH CRITICS.

  No. CCCLVIII. AUGUST, 1845. VOL. LVIII.

ON PUNISHMENT.

How to punish crime, and in so doing reform the criminal; how to uphold the man as a terror
to evil-doers, and yet at the same time be implanting in him the seeds of a future more happy
and prosperous life--this is perhaps the most difficult problem of legislation. We are far
from despairing of some approximation to a solution, which is the utmost that can be looked
for; but we are also convinced that even this approximation will not be presented to us by
those who seem willing to blind themselves to the difficulties they have to contend with. Without,
therefore, assuming the air of opposition to the schemes of philanthropic legislators, we would
correct, so far as lies in our power, some of those misconceptions and oversights which energetic
reformers are liable to fall into, whilst zealously bent on viewing punishment in its reformatory
aspect.

We have selected for our comments the pamphlets of Captain Maconochie, not only because they
illustrate the hasty and illogical reasonings, the utter forgetfulness of elementary principles,
into which such reformers are apt to lapse; but also for the still better reason, that they
contain a suggestion of real value; a contribution towards an efficient prison-discipline,
which merits examination and an extensive trial. We have added to these pamphlets a brief work
of Zschokke's, the venerable historian of Switzerland, on death-punishment, in order that we
might extend our observations over this topic also. It is evident that the question of capital
punishment, and the various questions relating to prison discipline, embrace all that is either
very interesting or very important in the prevailing discussions on penal legislation. Transportation
forms no essentially distinct class of punishment, as the transported convict differs from
others in this only, that he has to endure his sentence of personal restraint and compulsory
labour in a foreign climate.

Reformatory punishment! Alas, there is an incurable contradiction in the very terms! Punishment
is pain, is deprivation, despondency, affliction. But, would you reform, you must apply kindness,
and a measure of prosperity, and a greater measure still of hope. There is no genial influence
in castigation. It may deter from the recommission of the identical offence it visits, but
no conversion, no renewal of the heart, waits on its hostile presence; the disposition will
remain the same, with the addition of those angry sentiments which pain endured is sure to
generate. No philosopher or divine of these days would invent a purgatory for the purifying
of corrupted souls. No--he would say--your purgatory may be a place of preparation if you will,
but not for heaven. You may make devils there--nothing better; he must be already twice a saint
whom the smoke of your torments would not blacken to a demon.

We may rest assured of this, that the actual infliction of the punishment must always be an
evil, as well to mind as body--as well to society at large as to the culprit. If the threat
alone could be constantly efficacious--if the headlong obstinacy, the passion, and the obtuseness
of men would not oblige, from time to time, the execution of the penalty, for the very purpose
of sustaining the efficacy of the threat--all would be well, and penal laws might be in full
harmony with the best educational institutions, and the highest interests of humanity.
