Amazingly, with a life threatening disease at his side, he contended with his enemies for such an enlongated period. He helmed the court, an was amazed and at the smae time discouraged at the sights he beheld. Geriatric women, formerly involved with patriots, yet where nowhere to be seen in the past two decades, adorned in couture fit for the era of Queen Anne. He sates , 'the joy and awkward jollity of them is inexpressible!'. As the yeas rolled by he decided to part with the past and bring down his ancestral home in Houghton, and embrace the future, building an extravagent, and needlessly large mansion, which rather ironically has become somewhat decrepid in it own right over time, and has even been partially destroyed. When the Earl of Orford, named Harley, heard of the erection of the mansion he could not help but to snicker at its imprudence, for he himself was building what in his own eyes was a far superior home. When Houghton was begun, Sir Hynde Aston reminded Sir Robert of this speech. 'You ought to have recalled it to me before,' was the reply; 'for before I began building, it might have been of use to me.' Generally categorized at a publically funded memorial, this splendid folly of a edifice was only inhabited by Sir Robert for no more than sixty days of that initial year. The bewildering size of the building came to be an eyesore by the community in which it lay, for their own inferior "mantionettes" where in no competition to Sir Roberts home. They had to ask themselves "Who does this Sir Robert think he is, seting the bar so high for the community, by out shadowing their residences.

To the vulgar comprehension of the Premier, Houghton, gigantic in its proportions, had its purposes. He there assembled his supporters; there, for a short time, he entertained his constituents and coadjutors with a magnificent, jovial hospitality, of which he, with his gay spirits, his humourous, indelicate jokes, and his unbounded good-nature, was the very soul. Every days feast consisted of drinking and random unsensored conversations. Concerning the area Sir Robert writes to General CHurchill in the year 1743 'affords no news, no subject of entertainment or amusement; for fine men of wit and pleasure about town understand neither the language and taste, nor the pleasure of the inanimate world. My flatterers here are all mutes: the oaks, the beeches, the chestnuts, seem to contend which best shall please the lord of the manor. They cannot deceive; they will not lie. I in sincerity admire them, and have as many beauties about me as fill up all my hours of dangling, and no disgrace attending me, from sixty-seven years of age. Within doors we come a little nearer to real life, and admire, upon the almost speaking canvas, all the airs and graces the proudest ladies can boast.' 

Horace codially share in these pursuits. Horace Mann through his agency in diplomatic service, at Florence, viewed and purchased artwork, which was bound for either Arlington Street or the already famous Houghton Collection, to which Horace describes as "Anecdotes of Painting". The gardens of Houghton where even more extravagant than the artistry, in price and quality.

Pulteney, Earl of Bath writes,  'with erecting palaces and extending parks, planting gardens in places to which the very earth was to be transported in carriages, and embracing cascades and fountains whose water was only to be obtained by aqueducts and machines, and imitating the extravagance of Oriental monarchs, at the expense of a free people whom he has at once impoverished and betrayed.' concerning Sir Roberts pleasure in himself.

The former minister spared absolutely no expense when cultivating plants, buying Uvedale's 'Hortus Siccus' and from Bradley, who was the Professor of Botany at Cambridge, a tribute of dedication, which stated  'Sir Robert had purchased one of the finest collections of plants in the kingdom.' 

Adding to his already prestigeous demeanor, was his preservation of St. James's Park for the people. A lover of the outdoors, the Premier was extrememly dismayed when learning of Queen Caroline's proposal to make the ancient park into a palace garden. 'She asked my father,' Horace Walpole relates, 'what the alteration might possibly cost?'--Only three crowns' was the civil, witty, candid answer. Wisely the Queen read the hint. Adversely she may have intended on changing the park into the type of gardens seen in Berlin, Mannheim, and even the Tuleries.
