The wonder
is that, with a mortal internal disease to contend with, he should have faced his foes so long.
He went, indeed, to court, in spite of a cold, taken in an unaired house; for the prime minister
now quitted Downing Street for Arlington Street. The court was crowded, he found, with old
ladies, the wives of patriots who had not been there for 'these twenty years,' and who appeared
in the accoutrements that were in vogue in Queen Anne's time. 'Then', he writes, 'the joy and
awkward jollity of them is inexpressible! The minister had been occupying his later years in
pulling down his old ancestral house at Houghton, and in building an enormous mansion, which
has since his time been, in its turn, partially demolished. When Harley, Earl of Orford, was
known to be erecting a great house for himself, Sir Robert had remarked that a minister who
did so committed a great imprudence. When Houghton was begun, Sir Hynde Aston reminded Sir
Robert of this speech. 'You ought to have recalled it to me before,' was the reply; 'for before
I began building, it might have been of use to me.'

This famous memorial of Walpolean greatness, this splendid folly, constructed, it is generally
supposed, on public money, was inhabited by Sir Robert only ten days in summer, and twenty
days in winter; in the autumn, during the shooting season, two months. It became almost an
eyesore to the quiet gentry, who viewed the palace with a feeling of their own inferiority.
People as good as the Walpoles lived in their gable-ended, moderate-sized mansions; and who
was Sir Robert, to set them at so immense a distance?

To the vulgar comprehension of the Premier, Houghton, gigantic in its proportions, had its
purposes. He there assembled his supporters; there, for a short time, he entertained his constituents
and coadjutors with a magnificent, jovial hospitality, of which he, with his gay spirits, his
humourous, indelicate jokes, and his unbounded good-nature, was the very soul. Free conversation,
hard-drinking, were the features of every day's feast. 'This place,' Sir Robert, in 1743, wrote
to General Churchill, from Houghton, 'affords no news, no subject of entertainment or amusement;
for fine men of wit and pleasure about town understand neither the language and taste, nor
the pleasure of the inanimate world. My flatterers here are all mutes: the oaks, the beeches,
the chestnuts, seem to contend which best shall please the lord of the manor. They cannot deceive;
they will not lie. I in sincerity admire them, and have as many beauties about me as fill up
all my hours of dangling, and no disgrace attending me, from sixty-seven years of age. Within
doors we come a little nearer to real life, and admire, upon the almost speaking canvas, all
the airs and graces the proudest ladies can boast.'

In these pursuits Horace cordially shared. Through his agency, Horace Mann, still in the diplomatic
service, at Florence, selected and purchased works of art, which were sent either to Arlington
Street, or to form the famous Houghton Collection, to which Horace so often refers in that
delightful work, his 'Anecdotes of Painting.'

Amongst the embellishments of Houghton, the gardens were the most expensive.

'Sir Robert has pleased himself,' Pulteney, Earl of Bath, wrote, 'with erecting palaces and
extending parks, planting gardens in places to which the very earth was to be transported in
carriages, and embracing cascades and fountains whose water was only to be obtained by aqueducts
and machines, and imitating the extravagance of Oriental monarchs, at the expense of a free
people whom he has at once impoverished and betrayed.'

The ex-minister went to a great expense in the cultivation of plants, bought Uvedale's 'Hortus
Siccus;' and received from Bradley, the Professor of Botany at Cambridge, the tribute of a
dedication, in which it was said that 'Sir Robert had purchased one of the finest collections
of plants in the kingdom.'

What was more to his honour still, was Sir Robert's preservation of St. James's Park for the
people. Fond of outdoor amusements himself, the Premier heard, with dismay, a proposal on the
part of Queen Caroline to convert that ancient park into a palace garden. 'She asked my father,'
Horace Walpole relates, 'what the alteration might possibly cost?'--Only three crowns' was
the civil, witty, candid answer. The queen was wise enough to take the hint. It is possible
she meant to convert the park into gardens that should be open to the public as at Berlin,
Mannheim, and even the Tuileries.
