The wonder is that with a deadly disease that internal struggle, which should have postponed his enemies so long. Even went to court, despite a cold, in a house without ventilation, the prime minister now in the hands of Downing Street, Arlington Street. The court was full, he found the old, the wives of the patriots who had not been there for 'these twenty years ", which appeared in the stores that were in vogue at the time of Queen Anne." Then 'he writes, "the joy and celebration of them is ineffable awkward! The minister had occupied his last years in a row over his old ancestral home in Houghton, and building a huge mansion, which since his time been at his hand, partially demolished. When Harley became Earl of Orford, known as the construction of a large house for himself, Sir Robert had noticed that a minister who did so have committed a great imprudence. When it began Houghton, Sir recalled Sir Robert Aston cushion of this post. "You should have pointed out above, was the answer," because before you start building that could have been beneficial to me. "

This famous monument of greatness Walpole, this magnificent folly, designed, is widely recognized in public funds was inhabited by Sir Robert just ten days in summer, and twenty days in winter and autumn, during the shooting season two months. It was almost an eyesore to the quiet nobility, seen the castle with a sense of their own inferiority. People and Walpole lived in two water composition, the houses of moderate size, which was Sir Robert, to put them in a long distance?

For the common understanding of the Prime Minister, Houghton, in its gigantic proportions, had its effect. He gathered his followers, for a short time, he received his constituents and coadjutor with a superb hospitality and jovial, with good spirits, humor, jokes, lack of tact, and good character limit, were very soul. free conversation-drinking, were the characteristics of the conclusion of each day. "This place, Sir Robert, in 1743," he wrote to General Churchill, from Houghton, "no news, no object of amusement or entertainment, fine men and great joy in the people does not understand the language and taste or the pleasure of the inanimate world. My sycophants here are all dumb: oak, beech, chestnut, seems to work best to meet the lord of the manor. You can not fool, do not lie. I admire the honesty in them, and I have so many beauties that fills all my time hanging out, and there is no shame to join me 60-7 years. Within doors we come a little closer to real life, and admire, when talking about painting, all forms Ladies of the proudest boast.

In these activities, Horacio shared heart. Through its agency, Horace Mann, is still in the diplomatic service in Florence and bought selected works of art that were submitted to the Arlington Street, or to form the famous collection Houghton, Horace so often refers to this wonderful work, his "Anecdotes of painting.

Among the decorations of Houghton, the garden was the most expensive.

'Sir Robert has welcomed, "wrote Pulteney Earl of Bath", with mounting palaces and expand the parks, planting gardens in places where there was the same land conveyed in carriages, and includes waterfalls and fountains whose water was achieved only by water pipes and machinery, and Eastern monarchs emulate extravagance at the expense of a free people, as it has both impoverished and betrayed. "

The former minister went to great expense in the cultivation of plants purchased "Hortus Uvedale of Siccus" and received from Bradley, professor of botany at Cambridge, the tribute of a dedication, which stated that "Sir Robert had bought one of the finest collections of plants in the kingdom. "

What was more in his honor was Sir Robert preservation of St. James's Park for the people. Fund outdoor entertainment itself, the prime minister listened with dismay, a proposal by Queen Caroline to change this old park in a palace garden. "I asked my father," Horace Walpole refers to is what this change might cost? - Only three crowns "was civil, witty, honest answer. Queen were wise enough to take the track. It is possible that the intention of converting the park into gardens should be open to the public in Berlin, Mannheim, and even the Tuileries.
