Just opposite was the College of doctors, and I think this wagging movement of a landlord has taken the hint, and his beer to their physic was opposed.  May be you wished to carry his precious acknowledgment with you into the country.   Sparkle replied that he had no tendency to become a brewer, but he must confess that he liked the idea of a little real beer, which is brewed by the public brewer using non poisonous constituent.

Tallyho replied that he did the same and bid by Tom to come along since the bell in Warwick Lane is the shop where they may be served to a shaving.  Bob remarked he thought that his friend was leading him through a not very agreeable neighborhood while passing through Warwick.
There are many slaughter houses in this place, thereby becoming a great nuisance to the City.  Yet such places are needed and so you have to bear up for a few minutes before you shall have comfortable house-room and refreshment which are agreeable.  They were greeted by the landlord of the house, a round-faced, good-natured, real John-Bull-looking man, who took them into the coffee room.  Dashall is already familiar to him.  They were supplied with perfect stout and mutton-chops, which made them, enjoy their delight.  After finishing they turned their attention towards themselves.

Two or three top-notch salesman of the market sat in a corner who was engaged in conversation about the pricing of meat.  They were devouring a succession of rump-steaks with most aggressive and ravenous hunger.   A hungry author who was arguing with a bookseller of Paternoster Row, for the sale of a manuscript was in another corner.  He hoped to realize a dinner with the money he got.  an undertaker and a master-builder, vociferating at each other for interference were near them and there were other people of their respective trades.  There was much noise which made the bookseller get distracted from the work of the author, and he wished that the two people would build coffins to bury each other while the salesmen laughed so loud at the observations of the opposing men, as almost to make them wish the subject vanish without the hope of revivification. 

Bob liked the stout--ordered a refill, and asked the landlord to share.   The reply was “I am whole heartedly say that good health comes with real malt and hops, and nothing else.  All this are brewed under my own eyes.  They come with reasonable pricings and you can get proper treatment and comfortable beds too.  I am happy to see you always at the Bell Brewery.”  They reached the Bull and Mouth Street when they continued their journey only for a short while.
A proposal was made by Sparkle, which was whole heartedly taken in by Dashall as well as his cousin.  They made a mutual agreement to carry it into effect.  That was they would take a trip over to Dublin during the coming winter, to acquire some knowledge on the LIFE IN IRELAND.   “I was recently convulsed with laughter” said Sparkle.  It made me afraid that my jaws may become tangled due to the heavy laughter, by the start of work under this title.  

The author is a nephew to a late Irish chancellor is also an old acquaintance.  There was humor which was genuine and irresistible that runs throughout the work, and so I want and have ocular demonstration of some of the places where these scenes of humor are so admirably described." 

"Bless me," cried Bob once he entered Bull and Mouth Street, "this is a very cramped street for such a tavern." 

"Hoy," shouted a coachman, rattling along the street in double quick time. 

"By your leave," bellowed a porter with a heavy chest on his back. 

"We shall certainly either be knocked down, or run over," exclaimed Tallyho. 

"Do not be afraid," said Tom, "only keep your ogles in action, all's right enough, and we shall soon be safely housed out of the commotion; but before we enter the house we will just look at ourselves. There is the coach-offices for receiving, booking, ~~434~~~ and hand over the parcels, and taking places for travelers by the various vehicles which start from this place on the right, after passing the gate. On the left is the hotel and coffee-house, where every kind of refreshment and accommodation are available. The remaining part of the building, along with many others near them, occupied the whole of this side of the street, are devoted to stables, wagon and coach-houses, and out-offices." 

"It is an massive concern then," said Tallyho, "even though it is located in such an out of the way ambiguous circumstances." “You should have been already aware of the fact that the situation is not absolutely necessary to success in all cases in London,” came the reply.
"
