Lungs, bronchial cavities containing a large amount of mucus. Hepatization was found in the fore part of their substance.

Pathology.--Not much is known about the nature and production of this disease. Just as in other areas of knowledge, we record what we do know about it, being careful to separate truth and reason form conjecture. As stated earlier, there were often no marks of visible disease preceding its access, at least none that caught our attention. Apparently, the little subjects were simply in a drooping or feeble state. In other instances, a common remittent or intermittent fever preceded the ulcuration. In one instance, whenever a child was brought to the nursery for a fever, it was only a matter of time before his mouth would become sore. In other cases, it is possible that an unreported "inward fever" may have existed, which seemed likely due to their loss of appetite. In the instance where we opened the body, hepatization of the lungs was found to be the original disease; however, it is likely that this affection caused the species of disease which a rapidly spreading pathology refers to as a gradual inflammation of the stomach and intestines. As stated earlier, I did not detect marks of this, as is the case with most of the other observers.

Generally, at the onset, the local appearances did not appear to be of an inflammatory nature. It was not so if the gums were the first part to be affected; when these parts are inflammed, as they often are in affections of the teeth, soreness, pain, swelling and increased redness are exhibited. In nine of the ten cases, the ulcerated part was paler than natural; neither soreness nor increased heat was found, with the exception of the few cases in which the mouth was hotter than normal but not referrible to the gums. Distinct redness and slight swelling were found around the ulcer in a few of the cases. These patients typically had better outcomes than the others.

On the other hand, if we supposte the original derangement took place in the periosteum, we can more easily explain some of the phenomena. This led us to reason that most of the body had shrunk considerably from the disease and since the circulation was deprived of its normal vigour, the periosteum, which has little vitality, was not able to bear the additional extension that took place across the inflexible bone of the tooth. It died due to the lack of blood flow. This was followed by ulceration of the adjacent parts; and these parts, especially the less vital periosteum, did not attract the interest of the other parts of the system until a mass of cellular substance, such as extensive mucous membrane of the mouth, became affected. In every case with the exception of two, the disease began following contact with the teeth. This would explain the rapid and severe penetration of the ulcer found along the roots of the teeth as well as the destruction of the bone. This is supported by the finding that in every loose tooth a portion of the fang was lacking its periosteum.

In the two cases that were exceptions, it seems to have begun in the mucous membrane of the fauces. The manner in which it spreads from the gums to the cheek and lips, in my opinion, indicates a greater liability than gangrene in multiple parts of the mouth.

Soreness and pain of the socket, the basis for most tooth-achs, would typically be expected here; however, there were no complaints of this nature, even when the teeth were loosinging. Since no fever existed at this time, inflammation cannot be assumed as the original irritation, with the exception of the cases which exhibite redness and a slight swelling of the gums.

Is this disease scorbutic?--I did not observe ecchymoses, no more than a single instance of the smallest red specks on the cutis, which resembled petechiae. None of the patients fainted; the gums were never found to be spongy and did not bleed more than what is normal for any other child under the same degree of violence.
