
Lungs, containing much mucus in the bronchial cavities. The fore part of their substance contained
much hepatization.

Pathology.--The nature and production of this disease are certainly very obscure. We may, however,
as in other branches of knowledge, attempt to develop and record what knowledge we possess
respecting it; carefully separating truth and reason from conjecture. We have already said,
that its access was very frequently preceded by no marks of visible disease, or at least none
that attracted attention. The little subjects were, apparently, in merely a drooping or enfeebled
state. In other instances, the ulceration followed a common remittent or intermittent fever;
insomuch that, at one time, whenever a child was brought to the nursery for fever, it was expected,
as a matter of course, that his mouth would become sore. In the other cases, as we have already
had occasion to say, it is quite possible that a concealed "inward fever" may have existed;
and this is rendered the more probable, by the circumstance of their losing their appetites.
In the instance where the body was opened, we have seen that the original disease was hepatization
of the lungs; and yet it is quite probable, that this affection had caused, as it often does,
that species of disease, which a rapidly spreading pathology refers to a slow inflammation
of the stomach and intestines. With regard to marks of this last not having been detected by
me, it is evident that I am in the same situation with a very numerous body of other observers.

The local appearances, at the commencement, did not appear to be of an inflammatory nature,
at least generally. If the gums were really the first part affected, it was not so; as these
parts when inflamed, as they frequently are in affections of the teeth, exhibit decided soreness,
pain, swelling, and an increase of redness. The ulcerated part was, in about nine cases out
of ten, paler than natural; and then neither soreness nor increased heat was perceptible, except
in a few cases, in which the mouth was generally hotter than natural, though it was not, in
a striking manner, referrible to the gums. In a few cases, distinct redness, and a slight swelling,
were perceptible round the ulcer. These patients generally did better than the others.

If, on the other hand, we suppose the original derangement to have taken place in the periosteum,
we shall be enabled, more easily, to explain some of the phenomena. We then reason thus: The
whole of the body had shrunk considerably, from disease, and, the circulation being deprived
of a part of its usual vigour, the periosteum, a part possessed of little vitality, was unable
to bear the additional extension, which it underwent, across the unyielding bone of the tooth.
The blood ceased to circulate in it, and it died. Ulceration of the adjacent parts followed,
as a matter of course; and these parts, especially the periosteum, being possessed of but little
sensibility, the sympathies of the other parts of the system were but little interested, until
an extensive portion of the mucous membrane of the mouth, or a mass of cellular substance,
became affected. We certainly see that, in every case but two, the disease commenced in contact
with the teeth. This doctrine will also explain the rapid and deep penetration of the ulcer
along the roots of the teeth; and the destruction of the bone. We may recur to the statement,
that a portion of the fang of every loose tooth was always found deprived of its periosteum.

In the two cases excepted, we have seen it apparently begin in the mucous membrane of the fauces;
and indeed the manner in which it generally spreads from the gums to the cheek and lips, seems
to me, unquestionably, to indicate a greater liability than common to gangrene in more than
one part of the mouth.

The soreness and pain of the socket, which forms a part of most tooth-achs, might have been
reasonably expected here; but neither was ever complained of, even when the teeth were loosening:
and, as no fever existed at this time, the original irritation can hardly be considered as
inflammatory; excepting perhaps the cases which exhibited redness, and slight swelling of the gums.

Is this disease scorbutic?--I never observed ecchymoses, nor in more than a single instance
any the minutest red specks upon the cutis, which might be thought to resemble petechiæ. The
patients never fainted; the gums were never spongy, nor did they bleed more than those of any
other child would have bled, under an equal degree of violence.
