Although the lessons are short and varied, in a single morning or after noon there are many changes. Fifteen minutes was believed to be sufficient time for a lesson in an Infant School some years ago. This is not strictly followed.  Lessons become short and numerous, and it gives an unsettled character to the work;  At a moments notice children are swung from topic to topic with no well founded link or reason.   For example, the day may begin with the story of a boy sent by train to the country, or settled at a farm and taken out to see the cow and the sow.   But after a while this is found to be a reading lesson on words ending in "ow," but after the whole class is told quite suddenly after a short time, that one is to used in town at a shop.  And they still calculate change in the distributed paints.  And the children are painting the blueblee.   Certainly the whole day is sure to be of this broken character. And it doesn't make for training in mental concentration or for unity in the realization of life.   I think teachers really just aim for correlation, and in a rather half-hearted way: some actually discard it because of its strained applications, and very definitely has taken its place. 

The given curriculum is arrived in varied character, this includes a free period from time to time.  The three R's still occupy a prominent place in the Babie's Class .  While Children under six spend a relative great deal of time in these subject.   children between ten and thirteen, if they are still in school, are taught to put down answers on paper, which they always calculate without much help.   I think children work on a fair number of sums on paper and can read well.  They are considered fit for promotional if this happens, and the question of whether the understand the method of working such sums, is not considered so important as accuracy and quickness.  You know, the so-called intellect for advancement is really just reading and numbers.  But it is really a test of convenience, and a large number of adults even need to be taught together.  It's just against the laws of nature to have such a uniform standard.

I think the real problem with promotion and uniformity test driven results is worked down even through the Infant School.  It can be seen when the babies are changed frmo activities they naturally would have done to learn reading, or when they are "examined": it can be seen when a teacher yields up her bright children to fill a few empty desks, it can be seen in the grind of reading and formal arithmetic of the children under six, and when these uesless people are spent in working against nature, and precious time is wasted that never ever comes back.  I think we say to them, "children have their young time and may play", and taht "play is the best activity at this stage."  In regards to childhood.

The fluid nature is really the lack of any clear aim and the term "results".  To some people I think it means readiness for promotion, or just some work to present for satisfactory external appearance, such as math, neatness, a game, or just fluency.   I think other think of something deeper, which have them discover some remakr of a child that masks the progress of the spirit, or the awakening of the interest of a child whose development is late.  or the quickened power of a child to express;  or the evidenc eof the interest of a child whose development is late, or the quickened power of a child to express; of the independance of their thought and the power they have in that piece of work or appreciateion of the music and literature they're given to read.  I think the meaning we use for results is so the method of the teacher must change but the transitional state; some kind of person is always a common of her ground and a little afraid that he is not quite up to the latest data while the worst teachers is sometimes a little scared, and not quite sure that they are ready to account for the rather subtle outcome of his or her work.
