The lessons are short and the order varied, but in one single
morning or afternoon there is a bewildering number of changes. Some years ago the unfortunate
principle was laid down in the Code, that fifteen minutes was sufficient time for a lesson
in an Infant School, and though this is not strictly followed the lessons are short and numerous,
giving an unsettled character to the work; children appear to be swung at a moment's notice
from topic to topic without an apparent link or reason: for example, the day's work may begin
with the story of a little boy sent by train to the country, settled at a farm and taken out
to see the cow and the sow: soon this is found to be a reading lesson on words ending in "ow,"
but after a short time the whole class is told quite suddenly, that one shilling is to be spent
at a shop in town, and while they are still interested in calculating the change, paints are
distributed, and the children are painting the bluebell. The whole day is apt to be of this
broken character, which certainly does not make for training in mental concentration, or for
a realisation of the unity of life. Some teachers still aim at correlation, but in a rather
half-hearted way: others have entirely discarded it because of its strained applications, but
nothing very definite has taken its place.

The curriculum which has been given is varied in character, and sometimes includes a "free
period." Except in the Babies' Class the three R's occupy a prominent place, and children under
six spend relatively a great deal of time in formal subjects, while children between six and
seven, if they are still in the Infant School, are taught to put down sums on paper, which
they could nearly always calculate without such help. As soon as a child can read well, and
work a fair number of sums on paper, he is considered fit for promotion, and the question of
whether he understands the method of working such sums, is not considered so important as accuracy
and quickness. The test of so-called intelligence for promotion is reading and number, but
it is really the test of convenience, so that large numbers of children may be taught together
and brought, against the laws of nature, to a uniform standard.

This poison of the promotion and uniformity test works down through the Infant School: it can
be seen when the babies are diverted from their natural activities to learn reading, or when
they are "examined": it can be seen when a teacher yields up her "bright" children to fill
a few empty desks, it can be seen in the grind at reading and formal arithmetic of the children
under six, when weary and useless hours are spent in working against nature, and precious time
is wasted that will never come back. Yet we say we believe that "Children have their youth
that they may play," and that "Play is the purest, most spiritual activity of man at this stage"
[childhood].

The lack of any clear aim shows itself in the fluid nature of the term "results"; to some teachers
it signifies readiness for promotion, or a piece of work that presents a satisfactory external
appearance, such as good writing, neat handwork, an orderly game, fluent reading. To others
it means something deeper, which they discover in some chance remark of a child's that marks
the growth of the spirit, or the awakening of the interest of a child whose development is
late, or the quickened power of a child to express; or evidence of independent thought and
the power to use it, in some piece of handwork, or appreciation of music or literature. According
to the meaning attached to the term "results" so the method of the teacher must vary; but one
gets the general impression that in this respect matters are in a transitional state; the first
kind of teacher is always a little uncertain of her ground and a little fearful that she is
not quite "up-to-date," while the second class of teacher is sometimes a little timid, and
not quite sure that she is prepared to account for the rather subtle and intangible outcome
of her work.
