The imagination whose pictures they drew will quench all her
lustre for the deserters that devote themselves to the slavish passions of the hour. The history
whose tales of glory and ignominy they related will rear a gibbet for their own reputation
in the future time. As for us, at the present, we mention not their names, but, like the injured
ghost in the poet's picture of the world of spirits, turn from them silently and pass on. We
remember there was a grand old republican in the realm of letters, John Milton by name, whose
shade must be terrible to their thoughts. Let them beware of making of themselves a public
shame. The great revenge of years will turn into a mere trick of literature the prose and verse
of all not inspired by devotion to humanity, zeal for the cause of the oppressed, and a hearty
love of truth, while every covering of lies shall be torn away. They who have despised our
free institutions, and prophesied our downfall, and gloated by anticipation over the destruction
of our country, to get the lease of a hundred years more to their own lordship of Church and
State, and have put their faith in the oppressive Rebels trying to build an empire on the ruins
of the Ten Commandments, are as blind to discern the laws of human nature as they are awkward
to raise the horoscope of events. This Western Continent, under God, may it please the despots,
is not going to barbarism and desolation. That good missionary of freedom as well as religion,
whom New England sent to California in the person of Thomas Starr King, writes us that Mount
Shasta is ascertained to be higher than Mont Blanc. Some other elevations than of the surface
of the globe, in this hemisphere, the Transatlantics may yet behold.

The pulpit is but a sympathetic deceiver, when it violates the truth it is set to defend. All
its lies are echoes of the avarice and inhumanity sitting in the pews; and when, in the rough
old figure, it is a dumb dog that will not bark at the robber or warn us of danger, the real
mutes, whom its silence but copies, are those demure men below who seem to listen to its instructions.

We are astonished to find a liar in the lightning of heaven over the telegraphic wires. Let
us get over our surprise. The lie is human altogether, not elemental at all. The operator has
his private object to carry, the partisan his political end to serve, the government itself
flatters the people it fears with incorrect accounts of military movements and fortified posts
and the numbers of dead and wounded on either side. Kinglake calls the telegraph a device by
which a clerk dictates to a nation. Who but the nation, or some part of it, dictates to the
clerk? He does not control, but records, the sentiment of the community in all his invented
facts; and when we hear the click or read the strange dots, we want some trustworthy voucher
or responsible human auditor even of these electric accounts.

But, creatures of sympathy, needy dependants on approbation, as we are, shall we surrender
to all or any of these lies? No,--there is a sympathy of truth, to whose higher court and supreme
verdict we must appeal. Before it let us stand ourselves, perpetual witnesses of the very truth
of God in our breast. Said the lion-hearted Andrew Jackson, "When I decide on my course, I
do not ask what people will think, but look into my own heart for guidance, believing that
all brave men will agree with me."

"As the minister began on the subject of Slavery, I left the church," said a respectable citizen
to a modest woman, of whose consent with him he felt sure.

"And did the minister go on?" she gently inquired.

"Yes, he went on," the mistaken citizen replied.

So, in this land, let us go on in the way of justice and truth we have at last begun. Let us
have no more sympathetic, however once legal, lies for oppression and wrong. We shall be as
good as a thousand years old, when we are through our struggle. For the respect of Europe let
us have no anxiety. It will come cordially or by constraint, upon the victory of the right
and the reinstating of our manhood by the divine law, to the discouragement of all iniquity
at home or abroad. Our success will be a signal for all the tyrannies, in which the proud and
strong have been falsely banded together to crush the ignorant and lowly, to come down. The
domineering political and ecclesiastical usurpers of exclusive privilege will no longer give
and take reciprocal support against the rising of mankind than the Roman augurs could at last
keep one another in countenance.
