If he said "male", would you say "we need to have a female". Or if he says "female", would you state that you want a male?

The fisherman was called for, because he was smart and kind, and he was asked "Would your fish happen to be male or female?". He simply answered "I suppose fish are nuetral, there doesn't seem to be male or female fish." The King thought this was very amusing, and laughed at the fisherman. He ordered the fisherman to pay a fine of four thousand dirhems. The fisherman went to the bank, and withdrew eight thousand dirhems, which was given to him in sack. He threw the sack over his shoulder and began walking. Every now and then, a dirhem would fall from the sack and land in the dirt. The fisherman would stop each time, pick up his money, and place it back into the sack. The King and Shirin happened to see this, time after time. Shirin said to the King, "Oh King, have you noticed the greed of that man, leaning over to pick up each dirhem he drops, instead of leaving it lay for one of your servants to have?" The King thought about that, and became angry, "You are absolutely right!" Then the King yelled to the fisherman, "Hey, stupid! You aren't a man! Why would you stop to retrieve those dirhems, when you could let them lay where they fell for my servants to have?" The fisherman responded "I kiss the earth at your feet, King, and bless you to have a rich life. I explain my actions to you, dear King, it is not the value of the coin, but the face imprinted on it, yours. The other side of the coin bears your name. I retrieved the coins that fell because I wouldn't want anybody else to step on it and dishonor your name. You would probably fine me for the offence!" The King thought about his words, and decided that the fisherman was pretty smart after all. He told the fisherman that he could keep the four thousand dirhems as reward for for his witty remarks. 

YEHYA BEN KHALID THE BARMECIDE AND THE POOR MAN.

Yehya ben Khalid the Barmecide was heading home one day, from the Kahlif's mansion, when he noticed a skinny unkempt man at the gate of his house. The man stood as he got closer, and saluted him. He said "Oh Yehya, I could use what is in your hand, God blesses you".  Yehya felt badly for the man, and took him inside his house to feed him. He also asked his purser to give the man a thousand dirhems a day, and to feed him the best meals, to help restore his health and strength. The man stayed a whole month, and gathered thirty thousand dirhems. He left quickly, afraid that Yehya would go back on his word with such a large amount! When the servants told Yehya of his fast departure, he said "My Lord, he stayed all month, I fed him, clothed him, and helped him restore his own strength. I spared nothing for that man." His disappointment showed. 
A poet later wrote that Yehya was a great man, and praised how he helped people with his wealth. 

I asked meekly "Are you free?" It answered, "No, I am Yehya's servant", I asked "A paid servant?", "No, heaven forbid! My family has worked for him for generations, so I guess I was inherited!"

MOHAMMED EL AMIN AND JAAFER BEN EL HADI

Jaafer ben Mousa el Hadi had owned a slave, a girl that also played the lute, her name was El Bedr el Kebir. She was beautiful, and talented. She could sing while playing the lute, and she was graceful and charming. Mohammed el Amin, Zebeideh's son, heard about this beautiful young lady and her talents. He asked Jaafer to sell her to him, but Jaafar refused. He said "I would not sell her because she was born and raised in my house. If I wanted to send her away, I would do it as a gift. But I don't want to send her away. You are welcome to come visit, and hear her sing and play anytime you want."

About a week later, El Amin went to Jaafer's house, for dinner, and El Bedr sang and played her lute to brighten the evening. El Amin was delighted, and drank wine while listening to her beautiful voice. He bribed the servants to keep Jaafer's wine glass full. When Jaafer was drunk and asleep, El Amin carried the girl to his own house. The next day, he sent an invitation to Jaafer, and when he arrived, he gave him a big glass of wine, and told the girl to sing, hidden from view behind a curtain.
