If he say, "Male," say
thou, "We want a female," and if he say, "Female," say, "We want a male."'

So he sent for the fisherman, who was a man of wit and discernment, and said to him, 'Is this
fish male or female?' The fisherman kissed the ground and answered, 'It is of the neuter gender,
neither male nor female.' The King laughed and ordered him other four thousand dirhems. So
the fisherman went to the treasurer and taking his eight thousand dirhems, put them in a bag
he had with him. Then, throwing the bag over his shoulder, he was going away, when he dropped
a dirhem; so he laid the bag off his back and stooped down to pick it up. Now the King and
Shirin were looking on, and the latter said, 'O King, didst thou note the meanness and greediness
of yon man, in that he must needs stoop down, to pick up the one dirhem, and could not bring
himself to leave it for one of the King's servants?' When the King heard this, he was wroth
with the fisherman and said, 'Thou art right, O Shirin!' So he called the man back and said
to him, 'Thou low-minded fellow! Thou art no man! How couldst thou put the bag off thy shoulder
and stoop to pick up the one dirhem and grudge to leave it where it fell?' The fisherman kissed
the earth before him and answered, 'May God prolong the King's life! Indeed, I did not pick
up the dirhem, because of its value in my eyes; but because on one of its faces is the likeness
of the King and on the other his name; and I feared lest any should unwittingly set his foot
upon it, thus dishonouring the name and presentment of the King, and I be blamed for the offence.'
The King wondered at his wit and shrewdness and ordered him yet other four thousand dirhems.
Moreover, he let cry abroad in his kingdom, saying, 'It behoveth none to order himself by women's
counsel; for whoso followeth their advice, loseth, with his one dirhem, other two.'

            YEHYA BEN KHALID THE BARMECIDE AND THE
                           POOR MAN.

Yehya ben Khalid the Barmecide was returning home, one day, from the Khalif's palace, when
he saw a man at the gate of his house, who rose at his approach and saluted him, saying, 'O
Yehya, I am in need of that which is in thy hand, and I make God my intermediary with thee.'
So Yehya caused set apart a place for him in his house and bade his treasurer carry him a thousand
dirhems every day and that his food should be of the choicest of his own meat. The man abode
thus a whole month, at the end of which time, having received in all thirty thousand dirhems,
he departed by stealth, fearing lest Yehya should take the money from him, because of the greatness
of the sum; and when they told Yehya of this, he said, 'By Allah, though he had tarried with
me to the end of his days, yet had I not scanted him of my largesse nor cut off from him the
bounties of my hospitality!' For, indeed, the excellences of the Barmecides were past count
nor can their virtues be told; especially those of Yehya teen Khalid, for he abounded in noble
qualities, even as saith the poet of him:

I asked munificence, "Art free?" It answered, "No, perdie!
     Yehya ben Khalid's slave am I; my lord and master he."
"A boughten slave?" asked I; but, "Nay, so heaven forfend!"
     quoth it. "From ancestor to ancestor he did inherit me."

           MOHAMMED EL AMIN AND JAAFER BEN EL HADI.

Jaafer ben Mousa el Hadi[FN#119] once had a slave-girl, a lute player, called El Bedr el Kebir,
than whom there was not in her time a fairer of face nor a better-shaped nor a more elegant
of manners nor a more accomplished in singing and smiting the strings; she was indeed perfect
in beauty and charm. Mohammed el Amin,[FN#120] son of Zubeideh, heard of her and was instant
with Jaafer to sell her to him; but he replied, 'Thou knowest it beseems not one of my rank
to sell slave-girls nor traffic in concubines; but, were it not that she was reared in my house,
I would send her to thee, as a gift, nor grudge her to thee.'

Some days after this, El Amin went to Jaafer's house, to make merry; and the latter set before
him that which it behoves to set before friends and bade El Bedr sing to him and gladden him.
So she tuned the lute and sang right ravishingly, whilst El Amin fell to drinking and making
merry and bade the cupbearers ply Jaafer with wine, till he became drunken, when he took the
damsel and carried her to his own house, but laid not a finger on her. On the morrow, he sent
to invite Jaafer; and when he came, he set wine before him and bade the girl sing to him, from
behind the curtain.
