Rarely does truly great art fail to become known.  Dickens, Thackeray, Tennyson, and Tolstoy, the truly popular authors of the 1800's, related to their public.  The best artist has pressing within himself something of great magnitude that he simply must share; he really feels he has no choice in the matter.  He does not try to hide his message behind great obscure symbolism or hard to understand literary elements; he states his case honestly and forthrightly.  Like a woman in labor, he struggles hard and sometimes painfully to bring his product to life; he cannoy rest until his work is done and with as much simplicity of speech and honesty of message as he can manage.  He is not doing this for altruistic purposes, but really for selfish ones.  His ideas are to big for him to hold and, like the full-term baby,
must begin to live apart from him.  Art is about sharing emotion and, as such, should not require lengthy explanation to be understood.  Art is not theoretical in nature, but rather the product of great thought, observation, and examination.  Theory neither gives it life nor sustains its life.  Therefore, any art exhibit that requires extensive written explanations as to its true meaning defeats itself.

That is not to say that all art will be understood by all people.  Individual groups within a society, having their own common experience, may have art that speaks to them and to no one else.  This is perfectly acceptable.  If, however, this society wishes to share its art, and therefore its emotions, with outside groups, they must translate their work into a more universal language so as to be understood.

So then it is a good thing that some have begun to recognize the importance of society as opposed to individual idulgence.  There is a group in France made up of authors and thinkers who are called Unanimists.  They prefer to identify themselves within small populations that are connected not by appearance or language by what they deeply believe.  Though they tried to establish a community, they were not successful. They see themselves as part of a small group with similar convictions, not as a group that wishes to conquer others and force them to conform to their ways nor as a group who seeks to find success in material possessions.  Their motto could well be "il buvait l'indistinction."  Those in the group see the group as their reality whether "the group" refers to something as small as a family unit or as large as perhaps a town.  To them life and unity are infinitely sacred.  Their religious faith is Christian, but they do not espouse self-denial, a fact which sets them apart from the artists of an earlier era.   Like Saint Peter when he was told by God to "call thou nothing common or unclean," the Unanimists choose to look at life in a new, fresh, and heretofore, forbidden way.

Most importantly, the Unanimist embraces the truth that "no man liveth unto himself."  He is only a part of a whole.  As has already been discussed, the purpose of true art is to speak and share of emotion.  Some of the most deeply felt and complete emotions are those felt by one person for another.  Understanding another and feeling with him intensifies life; coldness and lack of caring negates life.  Love therefore is the law of the Unanimist.

Such love and faith which result in life and in an embracing of all of nature was beautifully expressed by the Indian poet Tagore and in the same way an embracing of all humankind by M. Vildrac when wrote the "Book of Love," also known as "Livre d'Amour."  In his "Commentary," he shares how the poet was preparing once more to write, or rather to re-write, the same tired story of his life- new packaging, but same story.  All of the sudden he sees his character for what it is.  He feels stifled by the revelation and feels the need to flee into the streets, outside of the dusty monument he has erected to himself, and out into the larger life of his fellow creatures.  He wants to live, not apart from them any longer, but with his fellow man, by his fellow man, and within his fellow man.  

"I am tired of living my life inside myself; I am tired of the journeys  I take within myself.  I no longer crave an importance I invent by my pen or a beauty I myself have invented.

"I am ashamed of the dishonesty that has been my work and of allowing my work to lie to me.  I no longer will be content with burning incense to the very small master of myself."
