
Art of high quality and calibre is seldom obscure. The great popular writers of the nineteenth
century--Dickens, Thackeray, Tennyson, Tolstoy--wrote so that all could understand. A really
big artist has something important to say, something vast to show, something that moves him
and presses on him; and he will say it simply because he must get it said. He will trick it
out with no devices, most of all with no obscurities. It has vexed and torn him enough while
it was pushing its way to be born. He has no peace till it is said, and said as clearly as
he may. He says it, not consciously for the sake of others, but for himself, to ease him from
the burden of big thought. Moreover, art, whose business is to transmit emotion, should need
no commentary. Art comes out of theoria, contemplation, steady looking at, but never out of
theory. Theory can neither engender nor finally support it. An exhibition of pictures with
an explanatory catalogue, scientifically interesting though it may be, stands, in a sense,
self-condemned.

We must, however, remember that all art is not of the whole community. There are small groups
feeling their own small but still collective emotion, fashioning their own language, obscure
sometimes to all but themselves. They are right so to fashion it, but, if they appeal to a
wider world, they must strive to speak in the vulgar tongue, understanded of the people.

       *       *       *       *       *

It is, indeed, a hopeful sign of the times, a mark of the revival of social as contrasted with
merely individualistic instincts that a younger generation of poets, at least in France, tend
to form themselves into small groups, held together not merely by eccentricities of language
or garb, but by some deep inner conviction strongly held in common. Such a unity of spirit
is seen in the works of the latter group of thinkers and writers known as Unanimists. They
tried and failed to found a community. Their doctrine, if doctrine convictions so fluid can
be called, is strangely like the old group-religion of the common dance, only more articulate.
Of the Unanimist it might truly be said, "il buvait l'indistinction." To him the harsh old
Roman mandate Divide et impera, "Divide men that you may rule them," spells death. His dream
is not of empire and personal property but of the realization of life, common to all. To this
school the great reality is the social group, whatever form it take, family, village or town.
Their only dogma is the unity and immeasurable sanctity of life. In practice they are Christian,
yet wholly free from the asceticism of modern Christianity. Their attitude in art is as remote
as possible from, it is indeed the very antithesis to, the æsthetic exclusiveness of the close
of last century. Like St. Peter, the Unanimists have seen a sheet let down and heard a voice
from heaven saying: "Call thou nothing common nor unclean."

Above all, the Unanimist remembers and realizes afresh the old truth that "no man liveth unto
himself." According to the Expressionist's creed, as we have seen, the end of art is to utter
and communicate emotion. The fullest and finest emotions are those one human being feels towards
another. Every sympathy is an enrichment of life, every antipathy a negation. It follows then,
that, for the Unanimist, Love is the fulfilling of his Law.

It is a beautiful and life-giving faith, felt and with a perfect sincerity expressed towards
all nature by the Indian poet Tagore, and towards humanity especially by M. Vildrac in his
Book of Love ("Livre d'Amour"). He tells us in his "Commentary" how to-day the poet, sitting
at home with pen and paper before him, feels that he is pent in, stifled by himself. He had
been about to re-tell the old, old story of himself, to set himself once more on the stage
of his poem--the same old dusty self tricked out, costumed anew. Suddenly he knows the figure
to be tawdry and shameful. He is hot all over when he looks at it; he must out into the air,
into the street, out of the stuffy museum where so long he has stirred the dead egotist ashes,
out into the bigger life, the life of his fellows; he must live, with them, by them, in them.

    "I am weary of deeds done inside myself,
    I am weary of voyages inside myself,
    And of heroism wrought by strokes of the pen,
    And of a beauty made up of formulæ.

    "I am ashamed of lying to my work,
    Of my work lying to my life,
    And of being able to content myself,
    By burning sweet spices,
    With the mouldering smell that is master here."
