We induce children to come into our schools when this hunger is at its fiercest,
and very often we do nothing to satisfy it, but set them in rooms to look at things inanimate
when their very being is crying out for life. "I want something and I don't know what to want"
is the expression of a state very frequent in children, and not infrequent in grown-up people,
because they have been balked of something.

How, then, can we provide for their experience of this side of life? We have tried to do so
in the past by object and nature lessons, but we must admit that they are not the means by
which young children seek to know life, or by which they appreciate its beauty. We have been
trying to kill too many birds with one stone in our economic way; "to train the powers of observation,"
"to teach a child to express himself," "to help a child to gain useful knowledge about living
things," have been the most usual aims. And the method has been that of minute examination
of a specimen from the plant or animal world, utterly detached from its surroundings, considered
by the docile child in parts, such as leaves, stem, roots, petals, and uses; or head, wings,
legs, tail, and habits. The innocent listener might frequently think with reason that a number
lesson rather than a nature lesson was being given. The day of the object lesson is past, and
to young children the nature lesson must become nature work.

It is in the term "nature lesson" that the root of the mischief lies: nature is not a lesson
to the young child, it is an interest from which he seeks to gain more pleasure, by means of
his own activity: plants encourage him to garden, animals stir his desire to watch, feed and
protect; water, earth and fire arouse his craving to investigate and experiment: there is no
motive for passive study at this juncture, and without a motive or purpose all study leads
to nothing. Adults compare, and count the various parts of a living thing for purposes of classification
connected with the subdivisions of life which we call botany and zoology; but such things are
far removed from the young child's world--only gradually does it begin to dawn on him that
there are interesting likenesses, and that in this world, as in his own, there are relationships;
when he realises this, the time for a nature lesson has come. But much direct experience must
come first.

In setting out the furnishing of the school the need for this activity is implied. No school
worthy of the name can do without a garden, any more than it can do without reading books,
or blackboards, indeed the former need is greater: if it is possible, and possibilities gradually
merge into acceptances, a pond should be in the middle of the garden, and trees should also
be considered as part of the whole. It is not difficult for the ordinary person to make a pond,
or even to begin a garden.

In a school situated in S.E. London in the midst of rows of monotonous little houses, and close
to a busy railway junction, a miracle was performed: the playground was not very large, and
of the usual uncompromising concrete. The children, most of whose fathers worked on the railway,
lived in the surrounding streets, and most of them had a back-yard of sorts; they had little
or no idea of a garden. One of the teachers had, however, a vision which became a reality.
She asked her children to help to make a garden, and for weeks every child brought from his
back-yard his little paper bag of soil which was deposited over some clinkers that were spread
out in a narrow border against the outside wall; in a few months there was a border of two
yards in which flowers were planted: the caretaker, inspired by the sight, did his share of
fixing a wooden strip as a kind of supporting border to the whole: in two years the garden
had spread all round the outside wall of the playground, and belonged to several classes.

An even greater miracle was performed in a dock-side school, where to most of the children
a back-yard was a luxury beyond all possibility. The school playground was very small, and
evening classes made a school garden quite impossible. But the head mistress was one who saw
life full of possibilities, and so she saw a garden even in the sordidness. Round the parish
church was a graveyard long disused, and near one of the gates a small piece of ground that
had never been used for any graveyard purpose: it was near enough to the school to be possible,
and in a short time the miracle happened--the entrance to the graveyard became a children's
flowering garden.
