10.Dens
  contains two leopards,a porcupine and racoons with an adjoining dens of three wolves.

11.Gothic House for Lamas.

 One of the most picturesque objects in the grounds with two lamas. These common animals where they are employed as beasts of burden are common in  South America, particularly in the mountainous parts of Peru.One of the lamas was presented by Duke bedford to the Society.

12. Circular Aviary for Birds of Prey 
contains a fine griffon vulture, a white-headed North American eagle, hawks, falcons, and owls with the great horn which was supposed  by Linnaeus and many antiquaries, to have been the bird of Minerva. They have remarkably splendid collection .

 
13. Huts for Beavers and for 14. Foreign Goats.15. Enclosed Area and Fountain for Aquatic Birds, as pelicans, Solan geese, China geese, black swans, &c. 16. Aviary

 Three handsome crested cranes, four Indian spoonbills together with three storks, three or four cockatoos, whose brilliant plumage outvies the gayest robe of art, and three curassos are included.

 
17. Grove and Huts for Esquimaux Dogs of three fine specimens.

18. Fountain, &c. for Water Fowl. 19. Enclosure for Zebras, Indian Cows, &c. 20. Houses on poles for Monkeys. 

These are seenbeside the walks where the monkey is attached by a chain to a ring loosely round the pole inorder to help him to ascends and descends at pleasure.

21. Intended Aviary, for Eagles, Vultures, &c.22. Twenty acres about to be added. 23. House for Monkeys, &c. 

 South American ocelot, a lynx, a puma, coatamondis, an ichneumon, and several monkeys are kept in double rows of cages which illustrating the vraisemblance of men and monkeys.

 
24. Intended Aviary. 25. Mexican Hogs, &c. 26. Huts for Jackalls, &c. 27. Unfinished Houses. 

The road for carriage is formed of the outer side of the Park. 

There is  an enclosure for Tortoises which was   large and  small ones.We saw the sure indicator of rain,a gourmand would turtle  that resembles  devouring pumpkin , who was very old with stupendous size and buried as he was  with shell, he soon became aware of the approach of his companion, nearly as large and accordingly ate with increased greediness.Several beautiful varieties of pheasants, partridges, &care the birds also well valued the attention of the visitor.

 Our object being merely to mention a few of the most interesting for their habits and peculiarities of many animals that we have been passed
When it is considered that the Society has been established little more than two years, in which time a Museum has been formed and 1,100 subscribers obtained besides the arrangement of the Gardens--it will be acknowledged that much has been done in a short time, and judging from the excellent organization of the Society and their past success, we anticipate the utmost realization of their plan.Considerin the above facts  the collection is as yet incomplete as there being neither lion, tiger, hyaena, elephant, nor rhinoceros.

It was the plan of the Museum of Natural History at Paris which was supported by the Government and the Gardens are indiscriminately opened to the public, free of cost and the Museum on stated days.  The names of Fagon, Duverney, Tournefort, Vaillant, De Jussieu, Buffon, Daubenton, Fourcroy, Desfontaines, De Lamarck, and Cuvier was in its list of professors and they will not be surprised at the Musée d'Histoire Naturelle being the richest of its kind in the world. 
+++++++++++++

The regulations for the admission of members and visitors to the Gardens in the Regent's Park, and the Museum, in Bruton-street are also subjoined by us.


The  personal admission to the gardens and museumfor every member is along with two companion nor he should pay two shilling for the extra companion.

On payment of one guinea annually, a menmber may obtain an ivory ticket  which will admit one named person with a companion to both establishments or a transferable ivory ticket which will admit one person.
