10.  I loved exploring the animal dens, and seeing all the wondrous animals:  Two great leopards, a prickly porcupine, and the sneaky racoons, all adjacent to a pack of wolves.

11.  I was impressed by how the society presented its llamas.  These fine beasts, one a gift from the Duke of Bedford, are the proud pack mules of South America, especially Peru.

12.  Birds of prey, too, were excellently presented:  A wondrous griffon vulture, an eagle as white-headed as an ancient scholar, and an owl with majestic horns.  Linnaeus, and many other scholars believe the latter, the epitome of the amazing collection, to have been the symbolic animal of Minerva.

13, 14, 15:  Unremarkable displays of beavers, goats, waterfowl.

16:  Here, I saw a wide variety of other birds:  Majestic crested cranes, four Indian spoonbills, three storks, and three curassos.  I was most intrigued, however, by the cockatoos, whose vivid colors, and patterns reminded me of a Renaissance classic.

17.  Three good, but unexceptional examples of Esquimaux Dogs.

18 and 19:  More of the dull waterfowl, some zebras, and Indian cows--everyone knows the nature of zebras, and cows, so further explanation is unnecessary.

20.  Monkeys, living in raised homes.  These creatures are able to raise, and lower their homes by pulling chains.

21, and 23:  Moreeagles, and vultures.

22:  Twenty acres, prepared to be added to the zoo.  Two rows of cages stretch before the viewers, displaying  an ocelot, a lynx, a puma, coatamondis, an ichneumon, and several monkeys.  Mr. Landseer has, truly, shown the versimilitude of monkeys, and their fascinating resemblance to humans.

We saw an unremarkable aviary, some Mexican hogs--once again, everyone is familiar with pigs, so further explanation should be unnecessary--and some unfinished areas.

I walked along a simple road, travelling at the periphery of the park, where a variety of turtles feasted upon pumpkins--these animals tend to eat heavily when rain is immenent.  I was impressed by the turtle's age, and size, and noticed that it consumed its food quickly when another creature approached, preventing the interloper from taking its property.  Oh yes, I forgot to mention that the zoo included astonishind pheasants, and partridges.

I cannot be certain of the extent of the collection, since we have, most likely, missed many of the animals, but I am disappointed by some of the species not displayed in the park.  I realize, however, that the society is a very recent one, and has accomplished a great deal in its short existence; it should, therefore, improve itself very quickly.

I am impressed that the Zoological Society has caught the attention of Paris's Museum of Natural History, the epitome of such museums.  I respect the fact that the facility is open without charge to the public, and that it has caught the attention of professors such as Fagon, Duverney, Tournefort, Vaillant, De Jussieu, Buffon, Daubenton, Fourcroy, Desfontaines, De Lamarck, and Cuvier.

We shall combine the regulations of the museum, and the zoo, so that everyone can be admitted to both, and one shilling shall be paid for each guest if his party exceeds three members.  An annual payment of one guinea will enable the guest to purchase an ivory ticket, allowing him to visit both with a friend, or transfer the ticket to someone who can come alone.
