10. Dens

containing two fine leopards, a porcupine, and racoons. In an adjoining den are three wolves.

11. Gothic House for Lamas.

This is one of the most picturesque objects in the grounds. It contains two lamas. These animals are common in South America, particularly in the mountainous parts of Peru, where they are employed as beasts of burthen. One of the lamas was presented to the Society by the Duke of Bedford.

12. Circular Aviary for Birds of Prey

containing a fine griffon vulture, a white-headed North American eagle, hawks, falcons, and owls; among the latter is the great horned owl. This is supposed by Linnaeus, and many antiquaries, to have been the bird of Minerva. The collection is remarkably splendid.

13. Hut for Beavers. 14. Hut for Foreign Goats. 15. Enclosed Area and Fountain for Aquatic Birds, as pelicans, Solan geese, China geese, black swans, &c. 16. Aviary.

Here are three handsome crested cranes, four Indian spoonbills, together with three storks, three or four cockatoos, whose brilliant plumage outvies the gayest robe of art, and three curassos.

17. Grove and Huts for Esquimaux Dogs

of which there are three fine specimens.

18. Fountain, &c. for Water Fowl. 19. Enclosure for Zebras, Indian Cows, &c. 20. Houses on poles for Monkeys.

These are distributed beside the walks. The monkey is attached by a chain to a ring loosely round the pole, by which means he ascends and descends at pleasure.

21. Intended Aviary, (supposed for Eagles, Vultures, &c.). 22. Twenty acres about to be added. 23. House for Monkeys, &c.

Here are double rows of cages, containing a fine South American ocelot, a lynx, a puma, coatamondis, an ichneumon, and several monkeys; the last affording an excellent opportunity of appreciating the fidelity of Mr. Landseer's Monkeyana, and illustrating the vraisemblance of men and monkeys.

24. Intended Aviary. 25. Mexican Hogs, &c. 26. Huts for Jackalls, &c. 27. Unfinished Houses.

The carriage-road is formed of the outer side of the Park.

There is likewise an enclosure for Tortoises, of which there are three large and several small ones. We saw one of them devouring pumpkin as a gourmand would turtle, and this voracity is by weather-wise people considered as a sure indication of rain. This turtle is believed to be very old; he is of stupendous size, but buried as he was (except his neck) with shell, he soon became aware of the approach of his companion, nearly as large, and accordingly ate with increased greediness. Among the birds, too, should be mentioned several beautiful varieties of pheasants, partridges, &c. which are well worth the attention of the visiter.

We have probably passed over many animals, our object being merely to mention a few of the most interesting for their habits and peculiarities. Of course the collection is as yet incomplete, there being neither lion, tiger, hyaena, elephant, nor rhinoceros; but when it is considered that the Society has been established little more than two years, in which time a Museum has been formed, and 1,100 subscribers obtained, besides the arrangement of the Gardens--it will be acknowledged that much has been done in a short time, and judging from the excellent organization of the Society and their past success, we anticipate the utmost realization of their plan.

Our readers need not be told that the Zoological Society is partly on the plan of the Museum of Natural History at Paris, except that the latter is supported by the Government, the Gardens are indiscriminately opened to the public, free of cost, and the Museum on stated days; and when we add that the names of Fagon, Duverney, Tournefort, Vaillant, De Jussieu, Buffon, Daubenton, Fourcroy, Desfontaines, De Lamarck, and Cuvier, occur in its list of professors, they will not be surprised at the Musée d'Histoire Naturelle being the richest of its kind in the world.

* * * * *

As acceptable information, we subjoin the regulations for the admission of members and visiters to the Gardens in the Regent's Park, and the Museum, in Bruton-street; to the latter we shall allude at an early opportunity:--

Every member shall have personal admission to the gardens and museum, with two companions. If accompanied by more than two, he shall pay one shilling for each extra person.

A member, on payment of one guinea annually, may obtain an ivory ticket, which will admit one named person with a companion to both establishments; or a transferable ivory ticket which will admit one person.
