"We heard a strange noise in the foggy light, a whirring noise that was above our heads. We fell to the ground and the noise got louder. It was a huge flock of birds flying over us apparently going north. There had to be hundreds of them. The captain had put his shot-gun to his shoulder and started shooting at the birds. Next came the loud screams and one of the birds came down and hit the ice with a loud plunk. The bird looked like it was huge at a hundred feet away, I knew it had to be humungous up close. Apparently sight can be decieving in this half dark iceland. We found a pretty big and fat bird that could be mistaken for a relative of a duck."

"The captain shouts sarcastically, "they must be going north to lay their eggs in the ice." Probably to Eli's passage."

"Back in the ship the captin and myself spent half the night trying to figure out how we could get past all the ice ahead of us."

"The captain had figured that if its warm up there, and so far we havent seen anything that says different, then all this cold water going north is going to get warm and it will have to go out some where. Whereever the water goes out, there has to be a hole in the ice."

"We were interrupted by a mate who said that queer things were going on overhead, and the sailors were ready to mutiny unless a there was a commenced return trip. The captain jumped up and went on deck at once, so of course I followed directly behind him."

"The captain demanded to know what was going on. His loud deep tone got everyones attention."

"One of the English sailors told the captain, "There has been a decision made against finding out God's secrets, sir. looking frightened the sailor continued, "just look at all the signs around us," pointing up.

"The captain and I looked over our heads and saw the most akward yet most amazing sight. There was a multi colored map of an unfamiliar world in the clouds above us.It was a mirage from the aurora. It looked as though it was almost in hands reach. It was do distinct that i could see polar bears on the ice-crags. On sailor swore that the mast almost touched one ice covered peak. Most of the sailors believed that it was a part of another world coming into ours. The captain looked for several minutes, finally he tells his men, this is the greatest proof that providence is on our side. This is only a picture we are seeing, its a mirage. This is a relection of the world in the clouds. look, and you shall find that it is in a cresent shape and we are approximately in the center. I will tell you what, it is a picture of what is in front of us. Its a country, see that peak, the low place where we went up? The great wall we passed? and of course, the open sea. Oh my, it even looks like land over in the center of the ocean!. See here is the "Duncan McDonald," as plain as 1,2,3, right overhead. Now, There is nothing to be scared of, it it is a sign it is a good one. Also if anyone wants to turn back and go home to his mother like a scared teenager, and is old enough, then he shall walk back!"

"As the captain looked around he saw that all the sailors had calmed down and that he reassured them with his explanation. He grabbed my arm and pointed at the sky and said, "the old providence again, as positive as you were born, you see that lane through the ring? There is an open passage that leads directly to the inner ocean, only thing is, it is closed by the the three miles of ice in front of us, see it there on the port side?"

" I could see it but I was not completely sold, I asked the captain how he accounted for the passages beyond the sheet of ice in front of us, if the water going in was cold?

"It is quite strange, he said, covering his eyes with his hands to block the sun out, looking long at the picture and the passage way, like a great canal between the twin cliffs, all at once he grasped my arm and said in an excited voice, pointing towards the outer edge of the passage, LOOK!.

When I looke at the mirage again the ice wall in front of us slowly started turning outward.

It is an iceberg, only an iceberg sir, said the captain, excited he states and it is only holding the passage because the currents kepp her up against the hole. now it will wear out and then in goes the "Duncan McDonald"

But there are others in the passage. I pointed in the sky at the other three ice bergs, they apear to be about 20 miles away. They must be the reinforcments to keep the passage.

It appears that way son, but with the great American buzzard, we shall get in some where, even if we have to blow that ice berg up into pieces.

While we were looking the mirag seemed to disappear, not fade away but go off to one side just like a winding road fading off into a picture.
