
I now resume the thread of my history at the time of the exposure of the abuses at the old
York Asylum.

We have already intimated that the treatment adopted at the Retreat, and made known to the
public by various writers and by many visitors, but more especially by the "Description," exerted
a remarkable influence on the subsequent inquiry and legislation. The success of the Retreat
excited the jealousy and antipathy of the superintendent of the York Asylum; the discussion
which ensued led to investigation; the revelations which followed excited public opinion; the
representatives of the people undertook an inquiry by means of a Select Committee, which finally
necessitated legislation, and this legislation by successive enactments wrought the wondrous
and beneficial change which we now witness. This sequence of events will be found to be borne
out by facts, by any one who will investigate the literature of lunacy from 1792 to the present
time. Sydney Smith says, writing in 1817,[140] that "the new Establishment began the great
revolution upon this subject, which we trust the provisions of Parliament will complete....
In the course of a few years the Institution had done so much by gentle methods, that a modest
and well-written volume, giving an account of it, excited universal interest, and, in fact,
achieved what all the talents and public spirit of Mason and his friends had failed to accomplish.
It had still better effects. A very inoffensive passage in this book roused, it seems, the
animosity of the physician to the York Lunatic Asylum, and a letter which this gentleman published
in one of the York newspapers, became the origin of a controversy among the governors of that
establishment, which terminated in August, 1814, after a struggle of nearly two years, in the
complete overthrow of the old system, and the dismission of every officer of the asylum, except
the physician himself. The period is not remote when lunatics were regarded as beings unsusceptible
of mental enjoyment or of bodily pain, and accordingly consigned without remorse, to prisons
under the name of mad-houses--in the contrivance of which nothing seems to have been considered,
but how to enclose the victim of insanity in a cell, and to cover his misery from the light
of day. But the success of the Retreat demonstrated, by experiment, that all the apparatus
of gloom and confinement was injurious; and the necessity for improvement becoming daily more
apparent, a 'Bill for the Better Regulation of Mad-houses' was brought into Parliament by Mr.
Rose in 1813, but was nevertheless opposed and finally withdrawn; and another Bill, in 1814,[141]
though it passed the Commons, was rejected by the House of Lords. The public, in fact, was
not yet aware of the atrocious evils which these Bills were intended to remove; and it was
not until now that the course was adopted, which, in every case of public grievance, is the
only sure one for obtaining redress. A Committee of the House of Commons, appointed for the
purpose of inquiry in 1814, and revived in the following year, was fortunately composed of
men determined to do the business they had undertaken."[142]

Mr. Rose, on the 28th of April, 1815, again introduced the subject of private mad-houses to
Parliament, and, dwelling on the great abuses connected with them, pointed out the necessity
of their condition being examined into by the House. He said that among the cases which had
recently come to his knowledge was that of a young woman who, although requiring some restraint,
was perfectly harmless. She was found chained to the ground by both legs and arms, a degree
of cruelty which was in no respect justified. With a view of correcting such practices, he
moved "that a Committee be appointed to consider of provision being made for the better regulation
of mad-houses in England, and to report the same, with their observations thereupon, to the
House."[143] The motion was agreed to.

The York Lunatic Asylum stood first upon the evidence before the Select Committee.
