Now, we resume the thread of my story at the time of the exposure of abuses in the former York Haven for the mentally ill.

We have suggested that the treatment adopted in the Haven, and make known to the public by various writers and for many visitors, but especially by the "Description", exerted a great influence on the investigation and subsequent legislation. 

Success of the Haven created antipathy and aroused jealousy towards the superintendent of the haven at York, the ensuing debate led to the investigation, the revelations that followed excited public opinion, and representatives of the people surveyed via Selection Committee , and finally, this required legislation, and legislation by subsequent provisions of this wrought the wonderful and beneficial change that we now see. 

This sequence of events is one you will find is supported by the facts,  as can be seen by anyone who will investigate the literature of madness from 1792 to today.  Sydney Smith said, in 1817, [140] that "the new facility created the great revolution in this area,  which we rely on the provisions of the Parliament to complete .... In the course of a few years the organization has done so much by gentle methods, that a modest volume and well written, recounting this,  excited the universal interest, and, in fact, accomplished what all the talent and public spirit of Mason and his friends had failed. 

The volume had even better effects.  A very innocuous passage in this book sparked, apparently, the animosity of the lunatic haven's York doctor and a letter published by this gentleman in one of the newspapers in New York, became the source of a controversy between the governors of that establishment, which ended in August 1814 after a struggle of nearly two years, in the complete destruction of the old system, and removal of any official of the havens, except the doctor himself. The period was not long ago when crazy people were thought incapable of enjoying mental or physical pain, and thus without remorse, were send to prisons under the name of havens- in a device from which nothing seems to have been considered, but the way to enclose a victim of the madness in a cell, and to hide their misery in the light of day.
 
However, this demonstrated the success of the Retreat, from experience, that all the apparatus of darkness and confinement was harmful, and that the need to improve was increasingly evident, such that a "Bill for Better Regulation of Mad-houses' has been presented to Parliament by Mr. Rose in 1813, but was opposed, however, and eventually withdrawn, and another bill in 1814, [141], while passing the Commons, was rejected by the House of Lords. The public, in fact, was not yet aware of the terrible evils that these bills were intended to remove, and it was not until now that the course was approved, which, in each case of public grievance, is the only obtaining compensation.  A committee of the House of Commons, appointed for the purpose of the investigation in 1814, and rose again the following year, was composed by fate of men determined to make the business he had undertaken. "[142]

Mr. Rose, in the April 28, 1815, again introduced the subject of private asylums to Parliament, and, to stop major abuses associated with them, noted the need for its being considered in the House. He said among the cases that had recently come to their attention was that of a young woman, who although she requires some kind of restraint, is perfectly harmless. She was found chained to the ground by both legs and arms, a degree of cruelty that respect was not justified. In order to correct these practices, he moved "that a committee be appointed to consider appropriate procedures for the better regulation of asylums in England, and the report of the same, with his then send comments to the Assembly." [143] The motion was approved.

The York Lunatic Asylum was first on the evidence before the Select Committee.
