My Lord Chancellor King was allied thus near,so much general information. Whether his mother was a Keen or Lock, I forgot. This information is from my aunt Darby. Mr. Lock had no advantage in his person, very fine gentleman. From foreign Courts they used to write, 'For John Lock, Esq., in England.'"

C. J.

***********

Minor Queries.

Who is the author of that very popular comedy, The Village Lawyer? It was first staged around 1787. It has been ascribed to Mr. Macready, the father of Mr. W. C. Macready, the eminent tragedian. The real author, is said to be a dissenting minister in Dublin, and please find out any of your readers remembers his name.

SIGMA.

Earl of Cambridge,Richard Plantagenet, in a note in the first volume of Miss Strickland's Lives of the Queens of Scotland, remarks that Earl of Essex;Bourchier, was near of kin to the royal family,as grand-nephew to Richard, Duke of York, father of Edward IV., but did not share the blood of the heiress of March, Jane Mortimer." I quote from memory, not having the book at hand; but allowing that Jane for Anne may be a slip of the pen, or a mistake of the press, where did Miss Strickland discover any second marriage of Richard, Earl of Cambridge? All pedigrees of the royal family agree he was having only one wife,the mother to Isabel, Countess of Essex.

J. S. WARDEN.

Highland Regiment.-The custom for the officers in the Highland regiments to wear a dirk in addition to the broadsword the military correspondents may please inform  whether at present it is there and whether the Highland regiments were ever armed with broadswords.  {494}Also  whether their drill is different to that of the other troops of the line? I have heard  that the 28th (an English regiment) were once armed with swords and the real origin of the name "The Slashers?" , if not what is origin of the name.  Now the Highlanders wear white shell jackets, origin of the custom of wearing undress  may also be let known.

ARTHUR.

A remark by a labouring man of this town (Grantham) 'Ominous Storms' is new to me and made the following effect.  When the judges are on circuit, if any criminals to be hanged, there were always winds and storms, and roaring tempests. Perhaps the readers of "N. & Q."  have met the same idea.

JOHN HAWKINS.

Edward Fitzgerald, born 17th January, 1528, son of Gerald, ninth Earl of Kildare, brother of  celebrated "Silken Thomas," an ancestor of the Duke of Leinster, married Mary, daughter and heiress of Sir John Leigh of Addington, and widow of Sir Thomas Paston (called improperly Sir John). Contradictory pedigrees are there of the Leigh family in the Surrey Visitations. Eg. Harl. MSS. 1147. and 5520. Could one of your correspondents inform me with a correct pedigree of this Mary Leigh; who is often called "Mabel?"

Y. S. M.

Allow me to repeat the Query regarding Richard Boyle(Vol. vii., p. 430.)Boyle Family.-- Richard Boyle, appointed Dean of Limerick 5th Feb. 1661, and Bishop of Leighlin and Ferns in 1666, died in 1682. Roger Boyle, the youngest brother of Richard, was born in 1617, and educated in Trinity College, Dublin, of which he became a Fellow. During the rebellion of 1641 he went to England, and  became tutor to Lord Paulet, continued in that family till the Restoration and returned to Ireland, and was presented with the Rectory of Carrigaline, diocese of Cork. He was made Dean of Cork in 1662, and promoted to the Bishopric of Down and Connor 12th Sept. 1667. He was translated to Clogher, 21st September, 1672, and died 26th November, 1687. 

The sister of these prelates was wife to the Rev. Urban Vigors (Vol. viii., p. 340.) were near relatives of the great Earl of Cork. Many of their descendants have been buried in his tomb, in St. Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin. There was no reply to my Query about Mr. Vigors. Is there any list of the chaplains of King Charles I.?

Y. S. M.

"The Green Man and Still?", the subject of inns is being discussed, can any of the readers tell the origin of it.   Is there any foundation for a statement, that "the chequers" found on Italian wine-shops, and were imported from Egypt,made the emblem of Osiris.

S. A.

Oxford.
