My lord chancellor king was in closely related with thus near , i forgett whether his mother was enthusiastic. this is whistle blowed ny my aunt darby.Mr.lock had no say in his presence,but was a very decent gem kind of person.From foreign they used to write 'for lock,Esq.in England.

C.J

Minor Queries.

" The village lawyer"---could you know whose popular farce is this?, The village lawyer? acted by the year 1787. Mr.Macready aquired it ,the father of Mr.W.C.Macready,the eminent tragedian.The real author was a minister in dublin,and i would show my gratitude to any of your readers who can give me his name.

SIGMA

Richard Plantagenet,Earl of cambridge--In a part if the first volume of miss strickland's lives of the queen of scotland, she  expressed the openion of thet bourchier,earl of essex,'was a relative to the royal family,being grand nephew to richard, Duke of york, father of edward IV,but did not share the blood of the heiress of march,jane mortimer "I quote from my memory,not having any notes but appreciating jane for anne may be a blunder of the press , where in earth the found a second marriage of Mr.Richard,earl of cambridge ? all pedigrees of the royal comerates have decided to give him only one wife,and snnounced her as a mother of isabel,countess of Essex.

J.S.Warden

Highland regiment- Can any one of your military correspondents can come out with whether is it allowed to wear a dirk in added with broadsworh?also whether the highland regiments were armed with broadwords, and (494) whether the parade is different from other squads? whence their name of the "slashers? Is this the origin of the name ?
if not what is? i would like to know the origi of the custom of wearing undress white shell jackets,which are now worn by highlanders?

Arthur.
Ominous storm---Its about a personal openion by a labouring man of this town,which is not familiar to me ,In march, the judges usually busy with the judgements  .perhaps there are readers of N and Q who have met with the same idea.

jhon hawkins

Edward fitzgerald,born on 17th january,1528,son of gerald,ninth Earl of Kildare,and brither of the celebrated "silken Thomas" an ancestor of the duke of leinster,got married with mary, daughter and heiress of sir john leigh of addington,and widow of sir thomas paston(called improperly sir jhon) there are contrdictory edigrees of the leigh family in the survey visitations.eg.Harl Mss 1147 and 5520.colud a representative oblige me with a correct pedigree of this mary leigh,she is sometimes called mabel?

Y.S.M
boyle family--- permit me to repeat the query regarding richard boyle.Richard boyle appointed dean of limerick 5th feb,1661,and bishop of leighlin and fems in 1666,died in 1682. Roger boyle,the youngest brother of richard,was born in 1617,and educated in trinity college,dublin of which he became a fellow.on the breaking out of the rebellion of 1641 he moved to englnd ,and became a mentor to lord paulet,he continued in that family till the restoration,when he returned ti irelend ,and was presented with the rectory of carrigaline,diocese of cork. He became a dean of cork in 1662, promoted to the bishopic of down and connor 12th sept.1667. he was translated to clogher,21st september 1672 and died 26th november,1687,The sister of these prelates was wife to the rev.urban vigors .they were kin of the great earl of cork,and many of their decsendants have burried in his tomb.in st.patricks cathedral .dublin , i dint get any reply to my query about Mr.vigors. may i question them to provide a list of chaplains of king charles.
Y.S.M
Inn-signs as we discussed about the inns can any of your readers can come out with the author name of the green man and still? is there any hierrarchy for the statement which the chequers found in italian wine shops were imported from egypt having there been the emblem of osiris.

S.A

oxford
