So much for genealogy. My Lord Chancellor King was allied
    thus near. I forgett whether his mother was a Keen or Lock. I had this
    information from my aunt Darby. Mr. Lock had no advantage in his
    person, but was a very fine gentleman. From foreign Courts they used to
    write, 'For John Lock, Esq., in England.'"

C. J.

       *       *       *       *       *

Minor Queries.

"The Village Lawyer."--Can you inform me who is the author of that very popular farce, The
Village Lawyer? It was first acted about the year 1787. It has been ascribed to Mr. Macready,
the father of Mr. W. C. Macready, the eminent tragedian. The real author, however, is said
to have been a dissenting minister in Dublin, and I would be obliged to any of your readers
who could give me his name.

SIGMA.

Richard Plantagenet, Earl of Cambridge.--In a note in the first volume of Miss Strickland's
Lives of the Queens of Scotland, she remarks that Bourchier, Earl of Essex, "was near of kin
to the royal family, being grand-nephew to Richard, Duke of York, father of Edward IV., but
did not share the blood of the heiress of March, Jane Mortimer." I quote from memory, not having
the book at hand; but allowing that Jane for Anne may be a slip of the pen, or a mistake of
the press, where did Miss Strickland discover any second marriage of Richard, Earl of Cambridge?
All pedigrees of the royal family that I have seen agree in giving him only one wife, and in
expressly stating her to be mother to Isabel, Countess of Essex.

J. S. WARDEN.

Highland Regiment.-Can any of your Gaelic or military correspondents inform me whether it is
at present the custom for the officers in the Highland regiments to wear a dirk in addition
to the broadsword? Also whether the Highland regiments were ever armed with broadswords, and
{494} whether their drill is different to that of the other troops of the line? I have somewhere
heard it said that the 28th (an English regiment) were once armed with swords, whence their
name of "The Slashers?" Is this the real origin of the name? and if not, what is? I should
also like to know the origin of the custom of wearing undress white shell jackets, which are
now worn by the Highlanders?

ARTHUR.

Ominous Storms.--A remark by a labouring man of this town (Grantham), which is new to me, is
to the following effect. In March, and all seasons when the judges are on circuit, and when
there are any criminals to be hanged, there are always winds and storms, and roaring tempests.
Perhaps there are readers of "N. & Q." who have met with the same idea.

JOHN HAWKINS.

Edward Fitzgerald, born 17th January, 1528, son of Gerald, ninth Earl of Kildare, and brother
of the celebrated "Silken Thomas," an ancestor of the Duke of Leinster, married Mary, daughter
and heiress of Sir John Leigh of Addington, and widow of Sir Thomas Paston (called improperly
Sir John). There are contradictory pedigrees of the Leigh family in the Surrey Visitations,
e. g. Harl. MSS. 1147. and 5520. Could one of your correspondents oblige me with a correct
pedigree of this Mary Leigh; she is sometimes called "Mabel?"

Y. S. M.

Boyle Family.--Allow me to repeat the Query regarding Richard Boyle (Vol. vii., p. 430.). Richard
Boyle, appointed Dean of Limerick 5th Feb. 1661, and Bishop of Leighlin and Ferns in 1666,
died in 1682. Roger Boyle, the youngest brother of Richard, was born in 1617, and educated
in Trinity College, Dublin, of which he became a Fellow. On the breaking out of the rebellion
of 1641 he went to England, and having become tutor to Lord Paulet, he continued in that family
till the Restoration, when he returned to Ireland, and was presented with the Rectory of Carrigaline,
diocese of Cork. He was made Dean of Cork in 1662, and promoted to the Bishopric of Down and
Connor 12th Sept. 1667. He was translated to Clogher, 21st September, 1672, and died 26th November,
1687. The sister of these prelates was wife to the Rev. Urban Vigors (Vol. viii., p. 340.).
They were near relatives of the great Earl of Cork, and many of their descendants have been
buried in his tomb, in St. Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin. I have not seen any reply to my Query
about Mr. Vigors. May I ask is there any list of the chaplains of King Charles I.?

Y. S. M.

Inn Signs.--As the subject of inns is being discussed, can any of your readers tell the origin
of "The Green Man and Still?" And is there any foundation for a statement, that "the chequers"
have been found on Italian wine-shops, and were imported from Egypt, having there been the
emblem of Osiris.

S. A.

Oxford.

