
The instruments known were few in number, and their type underwent little change from the earliest
days. The principal instrument of the older time was the Kinnor, or little triangular harp,
which we find in the record of the primeval Jubal, and which more than 1,000 years later was
played before Saul to defend him from the evil spirit. This also was the instrument most prominent
in the temple service, and this again was hung upon the willows of Babylon. The name kinnor
is said to have been Phoenician, a fact which points to this as the source of its derivation.
It is not easy to see how this could well be, unless we regard the name as having been applied
to the invention of Jubal at a later time, for Jubal lived many years anterior to the founding
of the great metropolis of the Mediterranean. The kinnor was a small harp having from ten to
twenty strings. The usual forms are shown in the accompanying illustration. The strings were
fastened upon a metal rod lying along the face of the sounding board. The type of construction
is totally unlike that of the Egyptian harps, and its musical powers were apparently considerably
inferior. Its form was the following:

Another instrument often mentioned in the English version of the Bible is the psaltery, of
which the form is somewhat uncertain, but is thought to have been four-sided. Various ancient
representations have been supposed to be this instrument, but none of them satisfactorily,
at least not authoritatively. It was probably a variety of harp. The nebel is also said to
have been a psaltery, but its etymology points to the Phoenician nabel, a triangular harp like
a Greek delta. The forms of the psaltery were four-sided or triangular. It was probably the
predecessor of the Arab canon, which again is much the same as the santir. (See Fig. 25.)

There were two kinds of flute, both of them reed pipes, the smaller being merely a shepherd's pipe.

Many of the different names of musical instruments in the common version of the Scriptures
are merely blunders of the Septuagint translators, who rendered the word kinnor by about six
different terms, where no distinction had been originally intended by the sacred writers.

Among the Hebrews we find the same progression from men alone as musicians to women almost
exclusively, and it is likely that the Hebrews gained the idea from Egypt. Jubal was the discoverer
of the harp, according to the tradition in Genesis, and David manifested no loss of manliness
while playing before the Lord. Nevertheless when he sang and danced before the ark his wife
despised him in her heart. Miriam, the sister of Moses, may well have been a professional musician,
one of the singing and dancing women, such as are represented over and over again in the monuments.
In the time of Moses, and for some time later, women had no status in the public service; but
in the later days of the second temple the women singers are an important element of the display.
Ezra and Nehemiah speak of them, and the son of Sirach, in the Apocrypha, recommends the reader
to "beware of female singers, that they entice thee not with their charms."

According to the views of many writers, the Hebrews had a larger harp than the small one represented
in Fig. 8. It may have been something like one which was found in Egypt, but the form is clearly
Assyrian, belonging to the same type as the small harps already given. It certainly is not
Egyptian. (See Fig. 9.)

The liturgy of the temple must have been singularly noble and imposing. Never had a church
so grand a body of poetry as this of the Hebrews, which they heard in the very sonorous words
of David, Moses, Isaiah and Ezekiel, with all the subtle suggestion of a vernacular as employed
by minds of the first poetic order. The Hebrew parallelism afforded exactly the kind of formula
in which one congregation could most effectively respond to another.

When the priests had intoned one line, we may suppose that the whole choir of Levites made
answer in the second line, completing the parallelism.
