Of the few instruments, which underwent little change over the course of time, the principal was the Kinnor, a little triangular harp we find in the ancient record of Jubal. 1000 years later, it was played before Saul to defend him from the evil spirit plaguing him. The Kinnor was also important in temple worship, and this again was hung upon the willows of Babylon. It is suspected that the name "kinnor" is from the Phoenician, which suggests that the instrument is Phoenician as well. However, it is difficult to see how this is possible, as Jubal lived far before the founding of the great Mediterranean metropolis. The kinnor has ten to twenty strings, and the accompanying illustration shows its usual forms. The strings were fastened to the sounding board along a metal rod. This harp is very different from Egyptian harps, and they were not of as good quality. However, there are over six terms used to describe the kinnor. Here are its forms:

The psaltery is also mentioned in the English version of the Bible. The form of this instrument is uncertain, but was most likely four-sided. It was likely a type of harp. The nebel is also said to be a psaltery, but its etymology suggests the Phoenician "nabal," a triangular harp. Some psalteries were most likely triangular as well as four-sided. The psaltery was likely the predecessor of the Arab canon, which is probably similar to the santir. (See Fig. 25.)

Much like Egypt, we find a progression from male-only musicians to almost exclusive women-musicians. Jubal discovered the harp, and David played before the lord, but when he sang his wife found it unmanly. Moses's sister Miriam is often represented as a musician. However, some speakers, like the apocryphic son of Sirach warns us to "beware of female singers."

The Hebrews likely had a larger harp as well, much like one found in Egypt. The form is likely Assyrian, as it is clearly not Egyptian.

The Temple's liturgical practices must have been awe-inspiring and magnificent. In the Temple the Hebrews heard the words of David and the prophets, an intersection of liturgy and poetry. This formula developed a situation where the congregations could easily respond to each other, according to liturgical parallelism. When one priest intoned a line, the whole choir of Levites likely answered.
