With a degree of pleasantry
and acumen peculiar to northern criticism, he asks, "Where has Mr. Hope hidden all his eloquence
and poetry up to this hour? How is it that he has, all of a sudden, burst out into descriptions
which would not disgrace the pen of Tacitus, and displayed a depth of feeling and vigour of
imagination which Lord Byron could not excel? We do not shrink from one syllable of this eulogy."
The subjects upon which Mr. Hope had previously written were not calculated to call forth his
eloquent feeling; and, such excellence was not expected from him, who, to use the harmless
satire of the Edinburgh reviewer, "meditated muffineers and planned pokers."

This was no praise of party: contemporary criticism universally allowed Anastasius to be a
work in which great and extraordinary talent is evinced. It abounds in sublime passages--in
sense--in knowledge of history, and in knowledge of human character;--and the rapid sale of
three editions has proved these superior characteristics to have been amply recognised by the
reading public. The work in its fourth edition still enjoys a good sale. In each reprint the
nicety of the writer is traceable: the corrections and alterations in the metaphysical portions
on such passages as illustrate points of character, are elaborated with exquisite skill, and
fresh turns of scholarly elegance are observable throughout each volume of the work. Memory
has probably in some instances enabled the author to re-touch his pictures of Eastern scenery,
and rearrange his grouping of particular incidents. What a delightful labour of leisure must
this have been for so ingenious a mind! One of his similes--a weeping lady's eyes compared
to violets steeped in dew--has never been out of our recollection; and one of his battle scenes
almost makes the reader imagine himself transfixed to the spot by a weapon of the contest.

Mr. Hope married, in 1806, the Hon. Louisa Beresford, daughter of the late Lord Decies, Archbishop
of Tuam, and sister of the present peer, by whom he has left three sons, the eldest of whom,
Mr. Henry Hope, was groom of the bedchamber to the late king, and recently took his seat in
parliament for the borough of West Looe. Of their highly-gifted and accomplished mother we
know many amiable traits; and, however bright may have been her fashionable splendour in high
life, it is more than counterbalanced by her active benevolence in the county, in visiting
the homes and relieving the distresses of the poor of the neighbourhood.

Of Mr. Hope's literary acquirements and his patronage of the liberal arts we have already spoken.
It is, however, grateful to be enabled to refer to special acts of such patronage. It should
not, therefore, be forgotten, that to the liberality of Mr. Hope, Thorwalsden, the celebrated
Danish sculptor, is chiefly indebted for a fostering introduction to the world: we have seen
at the liberal patron's seat, Deepdene, a stupendous boar of spotless marble, for which the
sculptor received a commission of one thousand guineas. Mr. Hope, too, was one of the earliest
of the patrons of Mr. George Dawe, R.A. In a memoir of this fortunate and distinguished painter
we find that "Andromache soliciting the Life of her Son," from a scene in the French play entitled
"Andromache," was purchased by Mr. Hope, "who, in the most liberal manner, marked his approbation
of Dawe's talents by favouring him with several commissions for family portraits, especially
a half-length of Mrs. Hope, with two of her children, and two whole-lengths of the lady singly."
To the useful as well as elegant arts Mr. Hope's encouragement was extended; and for the last
ten years he has filled the office of one of the Vice-presidents of the Society of Arts and
Sciences in the Adelphi.

Mr. Hope usually passed "the season" at his superb mansion in Duchess-street, Portland-place,
where he had assembled a valuable collection of works of art, altogether unrivalled, and comprising
paintings, antique statues, busts, vases, and other relics of antiquity, arranged in apartments,
the furniture and decorations of which were in general designed after classic models, by the
ingenious possessor himself. Among the sculpture is the exquisite Venus rising from the Bath,
by Canova. The whole of these valuables were open to the public, under certain restrictions,
during "the season." Mr. Hope likewise possessed one of the most delightful estates in the
county of Surrey--viz. the Deepdene, near Dorking, to which he annexed Chart Park, purchased
from the devisees of the late Sir Charles Talbot, Bart.
