With a degree of banter and insight peculiar to criticism from the north, he asks, "Where is Mr. Hope has hidden all his eloquence and poetry until this hour?" How come he has suddenly exploded descriptions Unfortunately that did not pen of Tacitus, and shows a depth of feeling and the force of imagination that Lord Byron could not excel? I do not shrink from a syllable of this praise. "The issues on which Mr. Hope had written previously were not calculated to evoke their feelings eloquently, and that excellence was not expected of him, which, to use harmless satire Edinburgh Reviewer, "mused pokers muffineers and planned." 
It was not praise of part: universal contemporary criticism Anastasio be allowed a work which shows great talent and extraordinary. It abounds in sublime passages - in the sense - in the knowledge of history and knowledge of human character - and the rapid sale of the three editions has proved superior to these characteristics have been widely recognized by the reading public. The work in its fourth edition continues to enjoy a good sale. In each reprint the details of the writer is traceability: Corrections and alterations in the metaphysical about passages as illustrated by the points of character, are made with exquisite skill, and becomes fresh academic elegance are observable along of each volume of the work. Memory probably in some cases has allowed the author to re-touch your photos of scenes from the East, and reorganizing its group of cases. How delightful entertainment work must have been for this so ingenious a mind! One of his similes - the eyes of a woman crying in comparison with violets wet with dew - has never been out of our memory, and one of his scenes of battle almost makes the reader imagine himself traded to the scene for a weapon the contest. 

Mr. Hope was married in 1806, the Hon. Louisa Beresford, daughter of the late Lord Decies, Archbishop of Tuam, and sister of the comrades present, with which he left three sons, the eldest of whom, Mr. Henry Hope, was boyfriend of the late king's bedroom, and recently took his seat in parliament for the town of West Looe. From his mother very talented and we know many nice features, and however brilliant may have been his glory in the life of high fashion, is more than compensated for his active benevolence in the county, visiting homes and relieve anxiety of the poor of the neighborhood. 

In Mr. literary knowledgeHope and its sponsorship of arts that we have already spoken. It is, however, grateful to be enabled to refer to special events such sponsorship. There should therefore be forgotten, that the liberality of señorEsperanza, Thorwalsden, the celebrated Danish sculptor, is mainly indebted for an introduction to favor the world: we have seen in the seat of the liberal pattern, Deepdene, a great marble boar impeccable, for which the sculptor was commissioned a thousand guineas. Mr. Hope, too, was an early sponsor of Mr. George Dawe, RA In memory of this distinguished painter and luck we find that "Andromache requesting the life of her Son," a scene in the play French entitled "Andromache", was purchased by Mr. Hope, which, in the most liberal, talent approval marked Dawe, favoring him with several commissions for portraits of family, especially a half-length of Mrs. Hope, with his two sons, and two long integers the lady alone. "For what is useful and elegant arts stimulus Mr Hope, expanded, and for the past ten years has served as one of the Vice-Presidents of the Society of Arts and Sciences in the Adelphi. 

Mr. Hope is usually passed "open season" on inside his mansion in Duchess Street, Portland-place, where they had assembled a valuable collection of works of art, beaten together, and includes paintings, antique statues, busts, vases and other relics of antiquity, arranged in floors, furniture and decorations which were designed, in general, after the classical models, by the holder himself clever. Among the exquisite sculpture is the Venus of the tub, by Canova. All these valuables were open to the public under certain restrictions, during the "season." Mr. Hope had also one of the most delightful properties in the county of Surrey - viz. the Deepdene, near Dorking, which attaches the Park box, purchased from the devisees of the late Sir Charles Talbot, Bart.
