Translated
and adapted to the use of Biblical Students by WILLIAM L. GAGE. New York: D. Appleton & Co.,
1866. 4 vols.

American critics have found fault with Mr. Gage, as it seems to us somewhat too strongly, for
certain features of this work. He has been blamed for adapting it "to the use of Biblical students,"
as though thereby he must necessarily tamper with scientific accuracy of statement,--for too
much condensation, and for too little,--for omitting Ritter's maps,--and for certain incongruities
of figures and measurement. It has also been said, that the book itself, being fifteen years
old, is already antiquated, and that many recent works, not mentioned by Ritter, or at least
not adequately used, have modified our knowledge of Palestine since his day. But, after all,
these critics have ended by saying that the work is a good and useful one, and by awarding
credit to Mr. Gage for his fidelity, industry, and accuracy in his part of the work. So that,
perhaps, the fault-finding was thrown in only as a necessary part of the duty of the reviewer;
for fault-finding is, ex officio, his expected function. A judge ought always to be seated
above the criminal, and every author before his reviewer is only a culprit. The author may
have given years to the study of the subject to which his reviewer has only given hours. But
what of that? The position of the reviewer is to look down, and his tone must always be de
haut en bas.

We do not, ourselves, profess to know as much of the geography of Palestine as Professor Ritter,
probably not as much as Mr. Gage. Were it not for the sharp-eyed critics, we should have wholly
missed the important verification of the surface-level of Lake Huleh. We have in past years
studied our "Palästina," by Von Raumer, and followed the careful Dr. Robinson with gratitude
through his laborious researches. But we must confess that we are grateful for these volumes,
even though they have no maps, and cannot but think it honorable in Mr. Gage to prefer to publish
the book with none, rather than with poor ones. We see no harm in adapting the work to the
use of Biblical students, by abridging of omitting the topics which have no bearing on the
Bible history. No one else is obliged to purchase it, and the warning is given beforehand.

These four volumes contain a vast amount of interesting and important matter concerning Sinai
and Palestine. The journals of travellers of all times are laid under contribution, and you
are allowed often to form your own judgments from the primitive narratives. You are like one
sitting in a court and hearing a host of witnesses examined and cross-examined by able counsel,
and then listening to the summing up of a learned judge. It is easy to see how much more vivid
such descriptions must be than a dry résumé without these accompanying pièces justificatifs.

The first of the four volumes concerns the peninsula of Mount Sinai. It gives the history of
all the travels in that region, and the chief works concerning it from the earliest time; the
routes to Mount Sinai; the voyages of Hiram and Solomon through the Red Sea to India; an interesting
discussion of the name Ophir; the different groups of mountains in this region; the Bedouin
tribes of the peninsula, and of Arabia Petræa; and a full account of Petra, the monolithic
city of Edom.

The second volume begins with a comparative view of Syria, and a review of the authorities
on the geography of Palestine. Then follows an account of the Land of Canaan and its inhabitants
before the conquest by the Israelites, and of the tribes outside of Palestine who remained
hostile to the Israelites. We next have an account of the great depression of the Jordan Valley,
the river and its basin. Chapters on the sources of the Jordan, the Sea of Galilee, the caravan
road to Damascus, and the river to the Dead Sea, and an account of the travellers who have
surveyed the region, follow,--with an Appendix, in which is contained a discussion of the site
of Capernaum, and Tobler's full list of works on Palestine.
