Mr.Gage was rather strongly criticized by the American critics  for certain aspects of his work.The blames are too much or too little condensation, omission of Ritters maps, inappropriate figures and measurements, tampering the scientific accuracy, and last not the least adapting the work for the use of Biblical students.It is also a little out of date as it fifteen years old.According to Ritter  many recent works provide us latest facts about Palestine since his day. Above all these criticizms the critics praised his fidelity, industry and accuracy in his works. As Fault finding is the main duty of a critic every author before the reviewer is a culprit. So they blame the authors for something they can find faults. Moreover  an author might have dedicated years to study this subject but in the case of a critic he only takes hours to find faults in the author's works.
      We do not have the right knowledge of the geography of Palestine as Professor Ritter or Mr.Gage. If these sharp eyed has not pointed out we may not be able to understand the difference between the  real surface-level of Lake Huleh to the description of Mr.Gage.We have admired the works of Von Raumer and Dr.Robinson about Palestine even though they do not have the maps. So it is better not to supply maps rather than supplying poor ones.Ther is no harm in adapting the book to Biblical students by omitting certain topics that are not relevent for them. As it is written over it it is for the use of Biblical students anyone who do not want such a book can avoid buying it.          
         Interesting and important matters about Sinai and Palestine are included  in these four volumes. Journals of travellers are included in this without primitive narratives.
 The first part of  four volumes are concerns of Mount Sinai peninsula.The routes to Mount Sinai, the voyage of Hiram and solomon through the red sea to India , the mountains in these region, about he bedouin tribes of the peninsula, full account of petra  all are discussed in these volumes.
        In the beginning of second volume there is a comparative view of Syria.There is a description of the land of canaan and its inhabitants before the conquest of Israelites and about the hostile tribes outside Palestine.We have the description of Jordan valley, source of the Jordan , the sea of Galilee, the Caravan road to Damascus, the river to Dead sea, and an account of travellers who surveyed these region followed by an Appendix in which the discussions of the site of Capernaum and Tobler's full list of works on Palestine.
