BOOK PREFACE

(By Mr. Punch's Staff of Learned Clerks at our Booking-Office)

Herbert Beerbohm Tree (HUTCHINSON),I think that no other book will be giving a marvelous detail of biography and as a whole it has a spectacular view from all sides and on it's volumes are able to turn page after page very patiently.  Mr. MAX BEERBOBHM, brother of Herbert Beerbohm, has contributed in organizing this book and clearly given an autobiography of his brother's life with Lady Tree, as she was known correctly as Riverie.   Almost 65 percentage of the narrations is in the form of paraises and honors collected from close friends, mates and other outsiders.   However to say in short this book is that it gives a high feeling of "Joy". The very name daughter FELICITY has been arrived as TREES is an apt one considering all aspects.  He had an enchanting life with gangs of friends,honored as victorious and won love, obedience etc. which Macbeth could not enjoy the fragrance.   He had a stimulating British flavour, cleverness and brisk to share happiness and inspire people around.  I think no others have adopted his name in connection with such stories of entertainments etc. However the Canada a la Press had given a false Poster, which has not effected the reputation of lady "TREES" in spite of that, this book is compiled of a lot of entertaining scenes.  Finally we have to look for more references on volumes but at the same time the autobiography is his excellent creation and his passing away has created an emptiness.

*******


         MR. ARNOLD BENNETT, in his first chapter of Our Women(CASSELL) mention in irritation that his ideas are not for researches. He thinks that the title alone itself is a scientific guide, and warns otherwise, his duties are rendered to the commons as a novelist, philosopher and author. The book, Our Dumb Friends, expidits his views as an experienced zoologist, who explains about domesticated animals.  This book has got emphasis on begging in command and what would happen in due course of time.  MR. BENNETT wants the women of high class to become more alert in the freedom from the inhibitation of moral or social activities and to become more and more free earning professionals rather than housekeepers alone.   He implies that ladies should have professionalism as a standby if they continue to be unmarried. Mr.BENNET  also emphasizes that they should not be more expensive and they have a sustained position as men's charm, as he is not for too much of changes and improvements in ladies.

***********

 This is about the story Spring Shall Plant(HODDER AND STOUGHTON),  written by Miss.BEATRICE HARRADEN.   She might have even changed the name as The Success of a Naughty Child.    The theme narrated in this story is about the victorious assistants of Patuffa.  This name was given to her as she often rus away from homes and schools or she was sent back with thanks.  The lively description given in this book inpires oldies to carry away this book for reading and wondered as how this book has reached on my table, by mistake.  In Coptic Street at Greece, godmother of Patuffa, a Russian lady, by origin came from some where and settled with others like her.  Now it is easy to understand that she also was a run away lady from other country and a spiritual oldy of Bolshevism
