
       *       *       *       *       *

       *       *       *       *       *

OUR BOOKING-OFFICE.

(By Mr. Punch's Staff of Learned Clerks.)

The long-promised Herbert Beerbohm Tree (HUTCHINSON), than which I have expected no book with
more impatience, turns out to be a volume full of lively interest, though rather an experiment
in snap-shot portraiture from various angles than a full-dress biography. Mr. MAX BEERBOHM
has arranged the book, himself contributing a short memoir of his brother, which, together
with what Lady TREE aptly calls her Reverie, fills some two-thirds of it with the more intimate
view of the subject, the rest being supplied by the outside appreciations of friends and colleagues.
If I were to sum up my impression of the resulting picture it would be in the word "happiness."
Not without reason did the TREES name a daughter FELICITY. Here was a life spent in precisely
the kind of success that held most delight for the victor--honour, love, obedience, troops
of friends; all that Macbeth missed his exponent enjoyed in flowing measure. Perhaps TREE was
never a great actor, because he found existence too "full of a number of things"; if so he
was something considerably jollier, the enthusiastic, often inspired amateur, approaching each
new part with the zest of a brief but brilliant enthusiasm. I suppose no popular favourite
ever had his name associated with more good stories and wit, original and vicarious. Despite
some entertaining extracts from his commonplace book I doubt if this side of him is quite worthily
represented; at least nothing here quoted beats Lady TREE'S own mot for a mendacious newspaper
poster--Canard à la Press. Possibly we are still to look for a more official volume of reference;
meantime the present memoir gives a vastly readable sketch of one whose passing left a void
perhaps unexpectedly hard to fill.

       *       *       *       *       *

In the prefatory chapter of Our Women (CASSELL) Mr. ARNOLD BENNETT coyly disclaims any intention
of tackling his theme on strictly scientific principles. The warning is perhaps hardly necessary,
since, apart from the duty which the author owes to his public as a novelist rather than a
philosopher, the title alone should be a sufficient guide. One would hardly expect a serious
zoologist, for instance, in attempting to deal with the domesticated fauna, to entitle his
work Our Dumb Friends. The book is divided in the main between adjuration and prophecy. As
a result of their emancipation from economic slavery, Mr. BENNETT expects women--women, that
is to say, of the "top class," as he calls it--to adopt more and more the rôle of professional
wage-earners; but at the same time he insists that they do not as yet take themselves seriously
enough as professional housekeepers. How the two functions are to be combined it is a little
difficult to see, but apparently women are to retain a profession as a stand-by in case they
fail to marry or to remain married. At the same time Mr. BENNETT takes it for granted that
woman will never relinquish her position as a charmer of man, or even the use of cosmetics
and expensive lingerie. Speaking neither as a novelist nor as a philosopher, I cannot help
feeling that Mr. BENNETT is too apt to consider the things he particularly likes about women
to be eternal, and those that he does not like so much to be susceptible of alteration and
improvement. Anyhow, it looks as if Our Men were going to have rather a thin time.

       *       *       *       *       *

Miss BEATRICE HARRADEN calls her latest story Spring Shall Plant (HODDER AND STOUGHTON). She
might equally well have called it The Successes of a Naughty Child. Certainly it is chiefly
concerned with the many triumphant insubordinations of Patuffa (whom I suspect of having been
encouraged by her too challenging name) both at home and at the various schools from which
she either ran away or was returned with thanks. This is all mildly attractive if only from
the vivacity of its telling; but I confess to having felt a mild wonder whether a child's book
had not got on to my table by error--when the grown-ups suddenly began to carry on in a way
that placed all such doubts at rest. There was, for example, a Russian lady, godmother of Patuffa,
who escaped from somewhere and established herself, with others of her kind, in an attic in
Coptic Street. My welcome for this interesting fugitive was to some extent shaken by a realisation
that she was (so to speak) a refugee from the other side and, in a sense, a spiritual ancestress
of Bolshevism.
