Teachers though they are, the authors do not seem
quite to realise what a formidable protective device this banning of the modern history which
we call politics has been, and what obstacles have to be overcome before the advice given in
their little book is generally taken."--Westminster Gazette.

Two great objections have to be met if Politics is to become the central subject in our public
school education.  The desirability of such a change may be urged from many points of view;
and the practical results obtained during the course of our recent experiment seemed to us
even more valuable than preliminary theorising had led us to expect. Once make a boy think
about the life of his own time and the great principles whose fight for mastery he is witnessing;
once make him wonder about the actual machinery by which his world is moved; once set him speculating
about the meaning of the universe and of his own existence; and you have created such a spirit
of eager enthusiasm and inquiry, that at last that development of the individual personality
is achieved which, as every great educationist since Plato has told us, must be the aim of
all who desire to be more than mere teachers. Modern History, Politics, Sociology, Economics,
Ethics, even Metaphysics--we may class all these under the broad heading of Politics, for one
and all they deal with the life and destiny of the individual as a member of human society
and a part of the Universe. There is no human being who, at least while he is young, does not
feel a keen interest in such things; the deepest waters are stirred and the classroom becomes
the meeting-place of minds engaged in an exciting adventure instead of being, as is so often
now the case, a prison cell in which all a boy's spontaneity and joy of life are crushed out
beyond recall.

Yet the two objections remain, and to one of them we address ourselves in this chapter.[2]
When the possibility of political teaching is considered, the first thought that leaps to the
mind is: Can the subject be taught without the introduction of propaganda? and is not Politics
just the one subject in which propaganda is above everything undesirable?  Now it may be pointed
out that the present system of public school education is itself a form of political propaganda
none the less effective for being concealed.  A boy is sent to a public school with a set of
political notions imbibed from his parents and the circle in which he moves, and during the
whole period of his boyhood, no genuine effort is made to develop his powers of independent
thought and so to enable him to revise his inherited opinions.  A certain stimulus no doubt
is given to his mental activity by setting him mathematical problems to solve and passages
in the classical authors to construe; but his thought on political and social questions remains
a thing apart, unstirred, atrophied.  What else is this but political propaganda?  And when
it is reinforced by a thousand subtle hints in and out of the classroom, hints suggesting that,
of course, there can be no two opinions about so-and-so and his supporters, it becomes one
of the most potent instruments of mental darkness that has ever been allowed to function in
a rational community.

But the objection to propaganda is not to be met by a "Tu quoque."  It is one which raises
the most fundamental issues of educational theory. To develop, we are told, and not to mould,
is the aim of education; and every genuine educationist will eagerly agree.  Yet you cannot
develop in a vacuum.  You must impart some background for the young mind, give it some material
on which to work.  How, then, can the compromise be effected?  How can we inculcate and yet
at the same time aim above every thing at the development of an individuality, which may and
indeed must, be so very different from our own?  The answer is not really hard to find.  What
we inculcate, the background we give, must be considered by us as merely a stop-gap, a poor
temporary support which the child may fling away when he can support himself.
