Authors do not seem to quite realise what a formidable protective device, teachers though they are, that banning modern history which we call politics has been, and and that many obstacles have to be overcome before the advice given in the books they write will ever be taken."--Westminster Gazette. 

There are two main objections that have to be met if Politics will ever be the main subject in our public school education. There are many points of view that show this is desirable; and results of our recent experiment seemed more practical and valuable to us than origional theories had led us to believe. At least one time make a boy think about thelife he is living in his own generation and the important principles that take a fight to be mastered he is seeing; one time make him think about the actual machinery that is used to make his world function; one time set him ponder the meaning of life and his own existence; and what you will get is spirit full of enhusiasm and questioning , and at last a person will create their own individuality which is what people need to focus on if they desire to be more than just a teacher.Plato, along with every great educationalist has stated so themselves.Many subjects classified under the extensive heading of Politics such as modern History, Politics, Sociology, Economics, Ethics, even Metaphysics  deal with the life and destiny of the person as a member of human society and a part of the Universe. There is no person who, does not feel a strong interest in such things;at least at a young age.

 When considering teaching a subject in politics one of the main questions that come to mind is, Can the subject be taught without the introduction of propaganda? and is not Politics just the one subject in which propaganda is above everything undesirable? School education itself is considered to some people propaganda unable to be concealed. A boy is sent to a public school with a set of political notions he has already learned from his parents, and during the whole period of his boyhood, no genuine effort is made to develop his powers of independent thought and so to enable him to revise his inherited opinions. No doubt certain stimulas is given to his learning abilities by teaching math problems that have to be solved and to learn passages from classical authors;but social and political thought are left untouched. What else would you call this but political propaganda? And when it is reinforced by many subtle hints in the classroom and elsewhere,there is only one opinion that can be concluded about so-and-so and his supporters. It becomes one of stronges instruments of mental darkness allowed to function in a rational community. 

But the objection to propaganda is not to be met by a "Tu quoque." It raises the most fundamental issues of educational theory. We are taught the aim of eduction is to develop,not mould and every genuine educationist will gladly agree. You must, however, give the young mind some material to work on. How, can the compromise be effected? How can we inculcate aim above every thing at the development of an individuality at the same time. These must be very different from our own? The answer is not really hard to find. The background we give these young people must be considered by us as merely a stop-gap. A bad temporary support that a child may stray away from we able to support himself.
