What would my better half say at my neglecting them?
like good-night,my darling;be good;and good night,merle."she smiled at me in quite fashion,and hurried away without a look again.

"I always say master does make a slave of mistress,"
grumbled Hannah,as she filled the bath;"she never think about herself as i saw.what is the use of having children who never take care of them."And though i refrained from any comment,i quitly agreed Hannah's opinion.As soon as Hannah had cleared the room,i shaded the light and started silently arranging clothes in the wardrobe,and then i sat beside the fire in the low chair.Through the open door I saw the Hannah's head bent as she sat at her sewing.I wanted to be alone for some time to think over the occurence of the day; even the nursery looked warm and cosy--a very heaven of comfort.How good it is to do sometimes."To communicate with one's own heart and to be still."My thoughts lingered  lovingly  in the little cottage at putney for a few moments.I know that Aunt Agatha and uncle Keith will be talking about me.I heard the pittiying tonrs of Aunt Agatha's voice,"Poor child!To-night how lonely she will feel without us!"
Did I feel lonely?I hardly think so;on the contrary,
I had the warm,satisfied convition at my heart that i was in my right place,which I was most eligible.How tenderly would I watch over thes helpless little creatures commited to my care!how scared would be my charge!What privilege to be allowed to love them,and to win their affection in return!

I had such a desire in my heart to be loved,and hitherto i had no one but Aunt Agatha.Some how,it seemed to me,as though i should cry aloud to take intrest in the lives of human brothers and sisters;to suffer the glean beside them,like loving
Ruth in those Eastern harvest fields,following the reapers lest haply a handful might fall to my share,for who would wish to go home weary at eventide as well as empty handed?

(To be continued.)

GIRLS' FRIENDSHIPS

By the Author of "Flowering Thoms."

CHAPTER11.

HOW THEY ARE MADE.

Perhaps the first,easiest,and the whole,least number of girls' friendships is formed at school.no such school as we go at twelve,where we have good-conduct marks,class competitions,andfines for talking,but the school which we go at sixteen,"finish," when individual emancipated kife is so near that we begin to realise it,and lightly feel that the friends we know make may form part of it.

Every thing looks very colurfull;one year,or at the very most two,and we should be free and at home,where the nice girl we ever met should come to see us;again we should visit her,and together shall live in reality those charming times we romance over in low voices after lights are put off.

Very little will patch up a so called friendship at school;especialy if you have only one room mate,who is not utterly unrecongenial,is almost sure to become a great fiend--the who likes your favorite lesson,and comes from your country or town and whose people you know before.Every schoolgirl must be able to think of a dozen other reasons why such and such girls selected each other as friends.

(And here I may remark in passing that you may find very intresting to try and find the beginings of friendships,the first causes for friendships you have either witnessed or experienced.it will set you to form ideas as to relative weight of circumstances and character,and it is good to know the reason why things are even little things.)

well,does these friendships last forever?in ten cases nine will not,though by means of fitful correspondence they may pull on a feable existence for years.As they left from school once broken,Lucy and Kate find new intrests quite unconnected with each other,which cannot be explained on paper,and the oppurtunities of meeting may be less.
