What would my husband say at my neglecting
them? Good-night, my darling; be good; and good-night, Merle." She smiled at me in quite a
friendly fashion, and hurried away without another look.

"I always do say master does make a slave of mistress," grumbled Hannah, as she filled the
bath; "she never has a moment to herself that I can see. What is the use of having children
if one never sees them." And though I refrained from any comment, I quite endorsed Hannah's
opinion. As soon as Hannah had cleared the room, I shaded the light and began quietly arranging
my clothes in the wardrobe, and then I sat down in the low chair beside the fire. Through the
open door I could see Hannah's bent head as she sat at her sewing. The nursery looked warm
and cosy--a very haven of comfort; but I wanted to be alone for a time to think over the occurrences
of the day. "To commune with one's own heart and to be still." How good it is to do that sometimes.
For a few moments my thoughts lingered lovingly in the little cottage at Putney. Aunt Agatha
and Uncle Keith would be talking of me, I knew that. I could almost hear the pitying tones
of Aunt Agatha's voice, "Poor child! How lonely she will feel without us to-night!" Did I feel
lonely? I hardly think so; on the contrary, I had the warm, satisfied conviction at my heart
that I was in my right place, the place for which I was most fitted. How tenderly would I watch
over these helpless little creatures committed to my care! how sacred would be my charge! What
a privilege to be allowed to love them, to be able to win their affection in return!

I had such a craving in my heart to be loved, and hitherto I had had no one but Aunt Agatha.
It seemed to me, somehow, as though I must cry aloud to my human brothers and sisters to let
me love them and take interest in their lives; to suffer me to glean beside them, like loving
Ruth in those Eastern harvest fields, following the reapers lest haply a handful might fall
to my share, for who would wish to go home at eventide empty handed as well as weary?

(To be continued.)

GIRLS' FRIENDSHIPS

By the Author of "Flowering Thorns."

CHAPTER II.

HOW THEY ARE MADE.

Perhaps the first, easiest, and on the whole, least durable of girls' friendships is formed
at school. Not such a school as we go to at twelve, where we have class competitions, good-conduct
marks, and fines for talking, but such a school as we go to at sixteen, to "finish," when individual
emancipated life is so near that we begin to realise it, and dimly feel that the friends we
now make may form part of it.

Everything looks rather couleur de rose; one year, or at the very most two, and we shall be
free and at home, where the nicest girl we ever met must come to visit us; then we shall return
the visit, and together we shall live in reality those charming times we romance over in low
tones after the lights are put out.

Very little will patch up a so-called friendship at school; a room mate, especially if you
have only one, who is not utterly uncongenial, is almost sure to become a great friend--the
girl who is equal with you in your favourite lesson, the girl who comes from your county or
town, or whose "people" know your "people." Every schoolgirl must be able to think of a dozen
other reasons why such and such girls selected each other as friends.

(And here I may remark in passing that you will find it extremely interesting to try and find
the beginnings, the first causes of the friendships you have either experienced or witnessed.
It will enable you to form ideas as to the relative weight of circumstances and character,
and it is good to know the reason why things are even little things.)

Well, do these friendships last? In nine cases out of ten they do not, though by means of fitful
correspondence they may drag on a feeble existence for years. The bond of union which school
supplies being once broken, Lucy and Kate find new interests quite unconnected with each other,
which may be difficult to explain on paper, and the opportunities of meeting may be few.
