Pains and swellings
in the limbs are likewise cured by sweating; but for this purpose they either cover themselves
over with mats and sit in the sunshine at noon, or, if the operation be performed within doors,
a lamp, and sometimes a pot of boiling herbs, is enclosed in the covering with them.

LEPROSY.

There are two species of leprosy known in these parts. The milder sort, or impetigo, as I apprehend
it to be, is very common among the inhabitants of Nias, great numbers of whom are covered with
a white scurf or scales that renders them loathsome to the sight. But this distemper, though
disagreeable from the violent itching and other inconveniences with which it is attended, does
not appear immediately to affect the health, slaves in that situation being bought and sold
for field and other outdoor work. It is communicated from parents to their offspring, but though
hereditary it is not contagious. I have sometimes been induced to think it nothing more than
a confirmed stage of the serpigo or ringworm, or it may be the same with what is elsewhere
termed the shingles. I have known a Nias man who has effected a temporary removal of this scurf
by the frequent application of the golinggang or daun kurap (Cassia alata) and such other herbs
as are used to cure the ringworm, and sometimes by rubbing gunpowder and strong acids to his
skin; but it always returned after some time. The other species with which the country people
are in some instances affected is doubtless, from the description given of its dreadful symptoms,
that severe kind of leprosy which has been termed elephantiasis, and is particularly described
in the Asiatic Researches Volume 2, the skin coming off in flakes, and the flesh falling from
the bones, as in the lues venerea. This disorder being esteemed highly infectious, the unhappy
wretch who labours under it is driven from the village he belonged to into the woods, where
victuals are left for him from time to time by his relations. A prang and a knife are likewise
delivered to him, that he may build himself a hut, which is generally erected near to some
river or lake, continual bathing being supposed to have some effect in removing the disorder,
or alleviating the misery of the patient. Few instances of recovery have been known. There
is a disease called the nambi which bears some affinity to this, attacking the feet chiefly,
the flesh of which it eats away. As none but the lowest class of people seem to suffer from
this complaint I imagine it proceeds in a great degree from want of cleanliness.

SMALLPOX.

The smallpox (katumbuhan) sometimes visits the island and makes terrible ravages. It is regarded
as a plague, and drives from the country thousands whom the infection spares. Their method
of stopping its progress (for they do not attempt a cure) is by converting into a hospital
or receptacle for the rest that village where lie the greatest number of sick, whither they
send all who are attacked by the disorder from the country round. The most effectual methods
are pursued to prevent any person's escape from this village, which is burnt to the ground
as soon as the infection has spent itself or devoured all the victims thus offered to it. Inoculation
was an idea long unthought of, and, as it could not be universal, it was held to be a dangerous
experiment for Europeans to introduce it partially, in a country where the disorder makes its
appearance at distant intervals only, unless those periods could be seized and the attempts
made when and where there might be well-founded apprehension of its being communicated in the
natural way. Such an opportunity presented itself in 1780, when great numbers of people (estimated
at a third of the population) were swept away in the course of that and the two following years;
whilst upon those under the immediate influence of the English and Dutch settlements inoculation
was practised with great success. I trust that the preventive blessing of vaccination has or
will be extended to a country so liable to be afflicted with this dreadful scourge.
