There is a belief that usually pains and swellings will be cured by making sweating on them. But for this purpose, first they have to be covered completely with mats and the patient has to sit under the sunny temperature especially at noon.  Also he can sit inside the room with hot temperature or with the help of a lamp.  Sometimes he can sit even with a pot of boiling herbs also.  But his swellings have to be fully covered.  
LEPROSY:
What is leprosy?  Mainly there are two species are found in these parts.  First one is called impetigo or the milder sort. It is actually commonly found among the inhabitants of Nias.  There are a wide range of Nias had been covered by this type of a white scurf or scales.  Such scurf or scales will be looking so ugly for our normal sight.  But this kind of hatred scurf or scales, even though they are highly disagreeable and even though they are giving more violent itching for affected patients, it creating some kind of inconveniences to normal people to attend for treatment purpose. The main drawback of this disease is it will not resemble to be affected one’s health immediately.   In this piteous and hatred situations, slaves will be bought and sold to others for doing outdoor works. Even though it is communicated from parents to their offspring, even though it is hereditary, it is not infectious.  I can sometime think to confirm that this is nothing but this is purely affected from a confirmed stage of the serpigo or ringworm. Also I can be confirmed that this is also due to the shingles. I know a Nias man who had been temporarily cured from this type of scurf or scales.  It has been possible to him by frequent application of the golinggang or daun kurap (Cassia alata).  Moreover, some other kinds of herbs had been used to him for curing his ringworms or serpigo.   Sometimes a type of gun powder and strong acids had been used over his skin to cure ugly patches like scales. But after sometime, it has again started to come back. Some other country people were also affected by other species in some instances in the same manner doubtlessly. They were also completely affected by some kind of terrible symptoms.  That can be doubtlessly considered as a severe kind of leprosy.  This was also termed and known as elephantiasis.  If you want to know about this one particularly, you can refer “the Asiatic Researches Volume 2”.  Due to this kind of symptomatic result, the skin has started to come off in crumbles. The flesh has started to break and fall from the bones as in the lues venerea. Due to this severe and terrible disorder, it has been considered as highly infectious.  When people those who were living in their own villages with this type of disease were stubbornly thrown away from their own villages to the jungles.  There, they have been taken cared by their own relatives and they were giving food and needs from time to time and on time. They were also providing tools like prang and knife to build their own huts.  They were particularly built and raised their huts near to some river or lake for taking continuous bath.  By taking such kind of daily bathing, they tried to remove some infectious disorder and improved in their own piteous conditions. By making such steps, there are some evidences have become known for their recoveries.  There is another type of disease called the nimbi.  This is also considered as one of the piteous diseases.  This will easily affect on one’s feet and this will eat away one’s flesh severely.   Mostly the lowest level or classes of people are getting more chances to suffer from this type of disease. But as per my own opinion, this is purely caused only due to cleanliness.
SMALL POX. 
The smallpox also known as katumbuhan will usually emerge particularly in the island and it is also will make some kind of brutal negative effects. 
It is highly considered as typical plague.  When there are thousands of country people affected by this brutal disease, it started to spread over the infection spares. As a matter of fact, through some peculiar methods, they tried to curtail its progress only.  They are completely unable to stop the same in a complete manner. As their main steps, they tried to convert those affected people from their own residence to hospitals and they secluded normal healthy people from those affected people. Especially they sent them due to their terrible sickness to some other places.  When people are affected by this kind of brutal disease, especially before they are getting severe condition by their infections, they were burnt to the ground.    But unfortunately they are not having adequate knowledge to cease the disease by promoting proper immunization methods.  Since the practice of immunization was unknown universally, Europeans were thinking that one as dangerous experiment in introducing it even partially.  In a country when this disorder was affecting here and there partially at distant intervals, they feared more about immunization.  Then when this infection started to spread over all over the country evenly, they started their attempts to seize that peculiar small pox by immunization. Such an opportunity as a first time was highly presented in 1780.  In this period, when large number of people affected by this kind of disease, continuously for another two years, it was introduced. By the help of immediate settlements between the English and Dutch, immunization was started to be in practice with great success.   I can hope surely that the preventive method of vaccinations has become so blessing among people and also the same practice started to spread from one country to another country legally to curtail or stop this kind of dreadful disease in a great way.
