Her husband, who married her as a mere child and carried her away
from a life of poverty and neglect, has died before the opening of the story and bequeathed
all his property to his young and handsome wife. "Ah, but I do not owe him much," the beautiful
woman said: "he has wasted my youth. I am eight-and-twenty, and I have not yet begun to live."
Thus Madame Carouge as a widow sets out to realize the dreams she has dreamed in the dull apathetic
days of her long bondage. Although she is bent on love and happiness, she is yet sensible and
discreet, and manages the Hôtel Beauregard with skill and tact, while secluding herself from
common eyes. Destiny, however, as if eager at last to work in her favor, throws in her way
a handsome young Swiss, Rudolf Engemann by name, a bank-clerk, with whom she falls deeply in
love. Everything is progressing to Madame's content, when a little convent-girl, Marie Peyrolles,
comes to Berne to live with her old aunt, a glove-seller, whose sign in the Spitalgasse gives
the name to the story. It would be a difficult matter to find a prettier piece of comedy than
that which ensues upon Marie's advent. It is all simple, spontaneous, and, on the part of the
actors, entirely serious, yet the effect is delightfully humorous. Berne, with its quaint arcaded
streets, its Alpine views, and its suburban resorts, makes a capital background, and gives
the group free play to meet with all sorts of picturesque opportunities. The story is told
without any straining after climaxes, but with many felicitous touches that enhance the effect
of every picture and incident. In scene, characters, and plot, "At the Red Glove" offers a
brilliant opportunity to the dramatist, and one is tempted to think that the story must have
been originally conceived and planned with reference to the stage.

"Upon a Cast" is also a very amusing little story, and turns on the experiences of a couple
of ladies who, with a longing for a quiet life,

    The world forgetting, by the world forgot,

settle on the North River in a town which, though called Newbroek, might easily be identified
as Poughkeepsie. Little counting upon this niche outside the world becoming a centre of interest
or a theatre of events, the necessity of presenting their credentials to the social magnates
of the place does not occur to these ladies,--one the widow of a Prussian officer, and the
other her niece, who have returned to America after a long residence abroad. They prefer to
remain, as it were, incognito; and, pried; into as the seclusion of the new-comers is by all
the curious, this reticence soon causes misconstructions and scandals. The petty gossip, the
solemnities of self-importance, and the Phariseeism of a country neighborhood are very well
portrayed, and, we fear, without any especial exaggeration. The story is told with unflagging
spirit, and shows quick perceptions and a lively feeling for situations. Carol Lester's friendship
for Oliver Floyd while she is ignorant of the existence of his wife is a flaw in the pleasantness;
but "Upon a Cast" is well worthy of a high place in the list of summer novels.

Although "Down the Ravine" belongs to the category of books for young people, the story is
too true to life in characters and incidents, and too artistically handled, not to find appreciative
readers of all ages. In fact, we are inclined to discover in the book stronger indications
of the author's powers as a novelist than in anything she has hitherto published. "Where the
Battle was Fought," in spite of all its fine scenes, had not the same sustained interest nor
the same spontaneity. The plot of the present story is excellent, and the characters act and
react on each other in a simple and natural way. The youthful Diceys, with the faithful, loyal
Birt at their head, are a capital study; and from first to last the author has nowhere erred
in truth or failed in humor.

Taking into consideration the ease with which Mr. Bret Harte won his laurels, and the belief
which all his early admirers shared that here at last was the great American novelist, who
was to hold a distinctive place in the world's literature, he has perhaps not fulfilled expectations
nor answered the demands upon his powers. The very individuality of his work, its characteristic
bias, has been, in point of fact, a hinderance and an impediment. The unexpectedness of his
first stories, the enchanted surprise, like that of a new and delicious vintage or a wonderful
undiscovered chord in music,--these effects are not easily made to recur with undiminished
strength and charm.
