The story begins with the death of the woman's husband whom she wed when she was still a little girl. By marrying her at such a young age, he was able to save her from a life filled with poverty and neglect. The beautiful young wife inherits her husband's property upon his death and without any guilt she says, “I am under no obligation to him. My life was wasted away by being with him and at twenty eight, I have yet to live and experience life." With that, the young widow, Madame Carouge begins her journey to fulfill all what she dreamt of doing while she was living her boring and uneventful life with her now deceased husband. But although her yearning for love and happiness is strong, she is careful not to show it and goes on her day to day business managing the Hôtel Beauregard efficiently as she always does. It was not long before fortune came her away in the form of a young attractive Swiss man by the name of Rudolf Engemann, a bank-clerk by profession. Madame Carouge falls head over heels in love with him and is happy that all is going the way she wants it to. But it isn't long before a young lady named Marie Peyrolles educated at a convent comes to Berne to live with her relative Aunt, who sells gloves. Marie Peyrolles presence in the play along with the other actors gives the audience a chance to experience a comedy drama filled with good humor and amusing characters. The stage is set up and designed to depict and bring alive the streets of Berne with its many town resorts and breathtaking snow filled Alpine landscapes. The story "At the Red Glove," is told in such a way the audience would think the play was written for the stage.

"Upon a Cast" is another entertaining and amusing story about two ladies wishing to enjoy a quiet life. 

The story is set in a place called Newbroek also known by some as Poughkeepsie in North River. The ladies are not bothered to know of what was going on outside of their town. Both are related to each other as one is the Aunt of the other. The Aunt, once married to a Prussian officer but now a widow, and her niece both came back to America to live a secluded life but it does not happen that way unfortunately for the two ladies. From gossiping, nosey neighbors all the curious to find out about the Aunt and niece and other malicious on goings, the story takes a new twist. Carol Lester finds herself friends with a married man Oliver Floyd but what she does not know is he is married. All in all, "Upon a Cast" is definitely worth a summer read.

"Down the Ravine" is a book written for the young in mind, but it is not a story which would be liked by people of all ages. "Where the Battle was Fought" unfortunately was not as good for it was not as interesting or as spontaneous. But the plot of the existing story is ideal and simple because of the way the characters behave with each other. The young Diceys and the ever faithful Birt are excellent characters and the writer has done great job with the story for it is filled with truth and humor.

Although Mr. Bret Harte won awards and was considered by his fans as a great American writer of novels, he was capable of achieving much more as a novelist.
