It was found by the monarch Frederick III., who spared no cost to enrich it with printed books as well as manuscripts in every language. By the generosity of succeeding emperors, numerous important and valuable accessions were made to the collection; amongst which may be mentioned the large and appealing library of Prince Eugene, and a considerable portion of the Buda Library, founded by Matthias Corvine, King of Hungary. The Imperial Library occupies eight spacious apartments, and a ninth is appropriated to a very valuable collection of medals and other curiosities. Besides the cabinet of medals, there is also attached to the library a superb collection of engravings, consisting of 473 large folio volumes, 510 volumes of different sizes, and 215 folio cartoons. The collection of music contains upwards of 6000 volumes, theoretical and practical; and that of autographs exceeds 8000 pieces, classed under the heads of monarchs and princes, ministers and statesmen, poets, philosophers, and men of learning or science, generals and famous warriors, artists, musicians, and others. 
11. Royal Library, Munich.--This is the most extensive collection in Germany. It was founded in 1550, and is very complete in all its departments. The ancient manuscripts relative to the art of music amount to a great number, and are exceedingly curious. 
12. University Library, Gottingen.--The library attached to the University of Gottingen contains 360,000 printed volumes, and 3000 volumes of manuscripts. But its extent is its least recommendation, for it is not only the most complete among those of the universities, but there are very few royal or public collections in Germany which can rival it in real utility; and if not in Germany, where else? It is not rich in manuscripts, and many libraries surpass it in typographical rarities, but none contains so great a number of really useful books in almost every branch of human knowledge. This library is mainly indebted for the supremacy it has obtained to the labors and exertions of the memorable Heine. In the year in which he came to Gottingen as second librarian, the entire control of the library was committed to him, and he became chief. From this moment commence at once its extension and its improvement. When Heine went to Gottingen, it already possessed a library of from 50,000 to 60,000 volumes; at his decease it had increased, according to the most moderate computation, to upwards of 200,000 volumes. Nor was this all. At the commencement of his librarianship entire departments of learning were wholly wanting; at its close, not only were these deficiencies supplied, but the library had become proportionally rich in every department, and, in point of completeness, unrivalled. Fortunately, Heine’s place has been filled by worthy successors, and the reputation of the collection is still as great as ever. 
13. Royal Library, Dresden.--The king of Saxony's library at Dresden contains 300,000 volumes of printed books, and 2800 volumes of manuscript. The valuable library that formerly belonged to Count Bureau forms part of this noble collection, which is most complete in general history, and in Greek in addition to Latin classic authors. Amongst the printed books are some of the rarest specimens of early typography, including 600 of the Aldine editions, and many on vellum, besides a copy of the first edition of the "Orlando Furious," printed by Masco, "cull' assistenza dell'autore," in 1516, and other rarities. In the department of manuscripts are a Mexican manuscript, written on human skin, containing, according to Thereunto, a calendar, with some fragments of the history of the Incas; the original manuscript of the "Reveries" of Marshal Saxe, bearing at the end that he had composed this work in thirteen nights during a fever, and completed it in December 1733; a fine copy of the Koran, taken from a Turk by a Saxon officer at the last siege of Vienna, and said to have formerly belonged to Beazer II.; and a Greek
