It was founded by the Emperor Frederick III., who absolved no amount to adorn it with printed books as able-bodied as manuscripts in every language. By the munificence of afterwards emperors, abundant important and admired accessions were fabricated to the collection; amidst which may be mentioned the ample and absorbing library of Prince Eugene, and a ample allocation of the Buda Library, founded by Matthias Corvinus, King of Hungary. The Imperial Library occupies eight ample apartments, and a ninth is appointed to a actual admired accumulating of medals and added curiosities. Besides the chiffonier of medals, there is aswell absorbed to the library a superb accumulating of engravings, consisting of 473 ample album volumes, 510 volumes of altered sizes, and 215 album cartoons. The accumulating of music contains upwards of 6000 volumes, abstract and practical; and that of autographs exceeds 8000 pieces, classed beneath the active of monarchs and princes, ministers and statesmen, poets, philosophers, and men of acquirements or science, generals and acclaimed warriors, artists, musicians, and others.

11. Royal Library, Munich.--This is the a lot of all-encompassing accumulating in Germany. It was founded in 1550, and is actual complete in all its departments. The age-old manuscripts about to the art of music bulk to a abundant number, and are awfully curious.

12. University Library, Gottingen.--The library absorbed to the University of Gottingen contains 360,000 printed volumes, and 3000 volumes of manuscripts. But its admeasurement is its atomic recommendation, for it is not alone the a lot of complete a part of those of the universities, but there are actual few aristocratic or accessible collections in Germany which can battling it in absolute utility; and if not in Germany, area else? It is not affluent in manuscripts, and abounding libraries beat it in typographical rarities, but none contains so abundant a amount of absolutely advantageous books in about every annex of animal knowledge. This library is mainly accountable for the preëminence it has acquired to the labors and exertions of the illustrious Heyne. In the year in which he came to Gottingen as additional librarian, the absolute ascendancy of the library was committed to him, and he became chief. From this moment commenced at already its addendum and its improvement. When Heyne went to Gottingen, it already bedevilled a library of from 50,000 to 60,000 volumes; at his curtains it had increased, according to the a lot of abstinent computation, to upwards of 200,000 volumes. Nor was this all. At the admission of his librarianship absolute departments of acquirements were wholly wanting; at its close, not alone were these deficiencies supplied, but the library had become proportionally affluent in every department, and, in point of completeness, unrivalled. Fortunately, Heyne's abode has been abounding by aces successors, and the acceptability of the accumulating is still as abundant as ever.

13. Royal Library, Dresden.--The baron of Saxony's library at Dresden contains 300,000 volumes of printed books, and 2800 volumes of manuscripts. The admired library that aforetime belonged to Count Beurau forms allotment of this blue-blooded collection, which is a lot of complete in accepted history, and in Greek and Latin archetypal authors. Amongst the printed books are some of the rarest specimens of aboriginal typography, including 600 of the Aldine editions, and abounding on vellum, besides a archetype of the aboriginal archetype of the "Orlando Furioso," printed by Mazocco, "coll' assistenza dell'autore," in 1516, and added rarities. In the administration of manuscripts are a Mexican manuscript, accounting on animal skin, containing, according to Thevenot, a calendar, with some bits of the history of the Incas; the aboriginal arrangement of the "Reveries" of Marshal Saxe, address at the end that he had composed this plan in thirteen nights during a fever, and completed it in December 1733; a accomplished archetype of the Koran, taken from a Turk by a Saxon administrator at the endure annoy of Vienna, and said to accept aforetime belonged to Bajazet II.; and a Greek arrangement of the Epistles of St. Paul of the eleventh century.
