It was founded
by the Emperor Frederick III., who spared no expense to enrich it with printed books as well
as manuscripts in every language. By the munificence of succeeding emperors, numerous important
and valuable accessions were made to the collection; amongst which may be mentioned the large
and interesting library of Prince Eugene, and a considerable portion of the Buda Library, founded
by Matthias Corvinus, King of Hungary. The Imperial Library occupies eight spacious apartments,
and a ninth is appropriated to a very valuable collection of medals and other curiosities.
Besides the cabinet of medals, there is also attached to the library a superb collection of
engravings, consisting of 473 large folio volumes, 510 volumes of different sizes, and 215
folio cartoons. The collection of music contains upwards of 6000 volumes, theoretical and practical;
and that of autographs exceeds 8000 pieces, classed under the heads of monarchs and princes,
ministers and statesmen, poets, philosophers, and men of learning or science, generals and
renowned warriors, artists, musicians, and others.

11. Royal Library, Munich.--This is the most extensive collection in Germany. It was founded
in 1550, and is very complete in all its departments. The ancient manuscripts relative to the
art of music amount to a great number, and are exceedingly curious.

12. University Library, Gottingen.--The library attached to the University of Gottingen contains
360,000 printed volumes, and 3000 volumes of manuscripts. But its extent is its least recommendation,
for it is not only the most complete among those of the universities, but there are very few
royal or public collections in Germany which can rival it in real utility; and if not in Germany,
where else? It is not rich in manuscripts, and many libraries surpass it in typographical rarities,
but none contains so great a number of really useful books in almost every branch of human
knowledge. This library is mainly indebted for the preëminence it has obtained to the labors
and exertions of the illustrious Heyne. In the year in which he came to Gottingen as second
librarian, the entire control of the library was committed to him, and he became chief. From
this moment commenced at once its extension and its improvement. When Heyne went to Gottingen,
it already possessed a library of from 50,000 to 60,000 volumes; at his decease it had increased,
according to the most moderate computation, to upwards of 200,000 volumes. Nor was this all.
At the commencement of his librarianship entire departments of learning were wholly wanting;
at its close, not only were these deficiencies supplied, but the library had become proportionally
rich in every department, and, in point of completeness, unrivalled. Fortunately, Heyne's place
has been filled by worthy successors, and the reputation of the collection is still as great
as ever.

13. Royal Library, Dresden.--The king of Saxony's library at Dresden contains 300,000 volumes
of printed books, and 2800 volumes of manuscripts. The valuable library that formerly belonged
to Count Beurau forms part of this noble collection, which is most complete in general history,
and in Greek and Latin classic authors. Amongst the printed books are some of the rarest specimens
of early typography, including 600 of the Aldine editions, and many on vellum, besides a copy
of the first edition of the "Orlando Furioso," printed by Mazocco, "coll' assistenza dell'autore,"
in 1516, and other rarities. In the department of manuscripts are a Mexican manuscript, written
on human skin, containing, according to Thevenot, a calendar, with some fragments of the history
of the Incas; the original manuscript of the "Reveries" of Marshal Saxe, bearing at the end
that he had composed this work in thirteen nights during a fever, and completed it in December
1733; a fine copy of the Koran, taken from a Turk by a Saxon officer at the last siege of Vienna,
and said to have formerly belonged to Bajazet II.; and a Greek manuscript of the Epistles of
St. Paul of the eleventh century.
