It was founded by Emperor Frederick III. Who spared no expense to enrich it with printed books as well as manuscripts in every language? Emperors, many important and valuable accessions to the collection of succeeding were generously, among which large and interesting library of Prince Eugene may be mentioned, and the Buda Library, Matthias Corvinus, king of Hungary by a set considerable part. Eight luxurious apartments living in the Imperial Library and a ninth place medals and other curiosities of the appropriated to a very valuable collection. In addition to cabinet of medals, there is also an impressive collection of engravings Library, 473 large folio volumes, including volumes of various sizes attached to 510, and 215 cartoons page. Music is a collection of 6,000 volumes over the theoretical and practical, and that 8,000 pieces of autographs, emperors and princes, ministers and politicians, poets, philosophers classified items, and learning or science, generals and men of the famous warrior more, artists, musicians, and others.

11. Royal Library, Munich. -- It is the most comprehensive collection in Germany. It was founded in 1550, and is very complete in all its departments. A large amount of music for the art of ancient manuscripts relative to the number, and extremely curious.

12. University Library, University of Gottingen Gottingen. -- Affiliated library contains 360,000 printed volumes, 3,000 volumes and manuscripts. But it is recommended to reduce its extent, not only for the most complete among those universities, but there are very few royal or public collections in Germany, which can rival the real utility, and not in Germany Then where? It is rich in manuscripts, and surpasses many libraries in the typographical rarities, but none so great in almost every branch of human knowledge includes a number of really useful books. The library mainly preëminence workers and it is fantastic to get tired of Heyne are grateful. Year he came as the second librarian in Göttingen, was committed to it full control of the library, and he became chief minister. Starting from the moment once its expansion and its improvement. When Heyne went to Göttingen that already have a library of 50,000 to 60,000 volumes, and at his death is, according to the most generous count had increased to over 200,000 volumes. Nor was this all. Were at the beginning of its librarian to fully complete portfolios of learning, but its close, not the supply shortage, but the library had become rich in every department proportional, and, in point of perfection, unmatched. Fortunately, Heyne place has been filled by qualified heirs, and the collection's reputation is still as great as ever.

13. Royal Library, Dresden Dresden is the King of Saxony. -- Library 300,000 volumes of books in print and 2800 volumes of manuscripts. Valuable library collections that formerly calculated Beurau forms the great part, the most common history is complete and the classic Greek and Latin writers were. Typography early printed books among the rarest specimens, including 600 Aldine editions, some are, and by many Mazocco parchment, "a copy of the first edition of Orlando Furioso, in addition to" print, "Coll 'assistenza Dell' Autore", in 1516, and other rarities. If a Mexican manuscript in the department of manuscripts, written on human skin, containing, Thevenot, a calendar, with some pieces of history according to the Incas, Marshal Saxe's' reveries of the original manuscript, in the end the effect that the thirteen nights This work was composed during a fever, and it completed in December 1733; a fine copy of the Koran, Saxon by an officer from an Ottoman siege of Vienna in the past have taken, and said to have had prior to Bajazet II ., and eleventh-century Greek manuscript of St. Paul's epistles.
