The only feather he had in his cap was a modicum of suitableness, outwardly.  For her truest desires he did not have the fitness or the compassion.  But even she was unaware of this then--she had not yet become George Sand.  In light of her later development, we might consider her marriage a low one, but we must keep in mind that she began at the level of French society where marriage is considered an utmost necessity for a woman, not the highest point of her life.  To make up for the rigor of this sort of demand, a French marriage, though not dissoluble civilly, has yet a hundred modifications, removing it quite a ways from the Puritan ideal which we of the Protestant faith hold dear.  Hence the French novel, whose effortful feeling and highly logical lack of morals have awoken odd ripples among those of us of the less loose rule and more serious usage.

The marriage, then, lacking passion, or feelings of tenderness on both sides, but with a suitable mutual respect for each others' views, at least temporarily, took place.  At the time, Aurore was only eighteen years old; her husband was of a suitable age.  She had dreams of a tranquil family situation, and strongly looked forward to motherhood as her place and happiness in years to come, and so she and her husband went to Nohant, which they had arranged to inherit provided that their union yielded children.

Aurore's dreams, however, were not to come to pass.  She was not meant to be the wife of a boring, small-minded man, nor a lady of the house in a small village in the heart of France.  Is this what she truly wanted?  She says that it is; and as she is known to be truthful, we may be inclined to believe her.  When she vowed to share her fortune with such a careless man as M. Dudevant, she did not know what a rocky path life is, or her own value.  She does not throw any particular blame or hatred on him, and he probably does not deserve any.

The recital of the proceeding events brings us a ways into the eighth book of the "Histoire de ma Vie"; and being that there are only ten books total, the items that follow are treated with a great deal less detail, and with frequent gaps, which the more malevolent of the author's contemporaries would no doubt tell us they know how to fill.  We would, if possible, prefer to find the happy medium between the author's reticence and the claims of many others; but all we hope for is truth, and truth cannot be purchased from those who deal in scandal, can it?  The word of the court that later gave her custody of her children, and her friendships with many productive and highly regarded men, must be accepted in her favor, and the well-known fanaticism of slanderousness, the lust for the unbelievable, which takes on such outrageous forms, must cause us to consider harshly the current tales told against her.

Initially, Aurore was neither happy nor sad in her marriage.  She was surrounded by friendliness and pleasantness, and she soon experienced that keenest joy of womanhood, the birth of a son.  Before this child, a third Maurice, was two years of age, though, she began to feel something was missing in her domestic life, a lack of substance, a depression regarding all things, whose cause was not known to her.  She writes that her husband sympathized with her malaise, and the both agreed to attempt to fix it my frequent relocation.  Therefore, they made trips to Paris, Plessis, the Pyrenees, Guillery, and the home of Colonel Dudevant.  Still her dark passenger followed her.  Aurore does not act like there was any particular reason for her illness.  It was simply the result of her passionate character being confined in a conventional setting, and for which she at that point did not know the cure.  Her passion for religion had, as is evident in the text, long ago abandoned her; the scholarly work she did was not satisfying; her children (for by this time she had had a second child, a daughter) were still infants; and the relationship with her husband, though not unkind, was one of mutual indifference.  She kept herself busy with matters of the estate, and with the needs of the poor in her surroundings; but she did not have success in administering her costs, and her small income did not enable her to donate as much to charity as she wished she could.  After a few years of this seclusion and difficulty, she began to have visions of freedom and wealth--that is to say, she began to hope to try her luck in Paris.  She felt within her a power for which until then she had not found the appropriate task.
