His only recommendation was a decent degree of suitableness
in outward circumstances. For the true wants of her nature he had neither fitness nor sympathy;
but she did not know herself then,--she was not yet George Sand. From the stand-point of her
later development, her marriage would seem to us a low one; but we must remember that she started
only from the plane, and not the highest plane, of French society, in which a marriage of some
sort is the first necessity of a woman's life, and not the crowning point of her experience.
To compensate the rigor of such a requisition, a French marriage, though civilly indissoluble,
has yet a hundred modifications which remove it far from the Puritan ideal which we of the
Protestant faith cherish. Hence the French novel, whose strained sentiment and deeply logical
immorality have wakened strange echoes among us of the stricter rule and graver usage.

Without passion, then, or tender affection on either side, but with a tolerable harmony of
views for the moment, and after long and causeless opposition on the part of Aurore's mother,
this marriage took place. Aurore was but eighteen; her bridegroom was of suitable age. With
dreams of a peaceful family existence, and looking forward to maternity as the great joy and
office of the coming years, she brought her husband to Nohant, whose inheritance had been settled
by contract upon the children of this marriage.

But these dreams were not to be realized. Aurore was not born to be the companion of a dull,
narrow man, nor the Lady Bountiful of a little village in the heart of France. Would she not
have had it so? She tells us that she would; and as honesty is one of her strong points, we
may believe her. She knew not the stormy ocean of life, nor the precious freight she carried,
when she committed the vessel of her fortunes to so careless a hand as that of M. Dudevant.
She throws no special blame or odium upon him, nor does he probably deserve any.

The recital of the events spoken of above brings us well into the eighth volume of the "Histoire
de ma Vie"; and as there are but ten in all, the treatment of the things that follow is pursued
with much less detail, and with many a gap, which the malevolent among our author's contemporaries
would assure us that they know well how to fill up. Between the extreme reserve of the last
two volumes and the wild assertions of so many we would gladly keep the juste milieu, if we
could; but we wish only truth, and it is not at the hands of the scandalmongers of any society--is
it?--that we seek that commodity. The decree of the court which at a later day gave her the
guardianship of her children, and the friendship of many illustrious and of some irreproachable
men, must be accepted in favor of her of whom we write,--and the known fanaticism of slander,
and the love of the marvellous, which craves, in stories of good or evil, such monstrous forms
for its gratification, cause us, on the other side, to deduct a large average from the narrations
current against her. But we anticipate.

Aurore, at first, was neither happy nor unhappy in her marriage. Her surroundings were friendly
and pleasant, and the birth of a son, a third Maurice, soon brought to her experience the keenest
joy of womanhood. Before this child numbered two years, however, she began to feel a certain
blank in her household existence, an emptiness, a discouragement as to all things, whose cause
she could not understand. In this ennui, she tells us, her husband sympathized, and by common
consent they strove to remedy it by frequent changes of abode. They visited Paris, Plessis,
returned to Nohant, made a journey in the Pyrenees, a visit to Guillery, the château of Colonel
Dudevant. Still the dark guest pursued them. Aurore does not pretend that there was any special
cause for her suffering. It was but the void which her passionate nature found in a conventional
and limited existence, and for which as yet she knew no remedy. The fervor of Catholic devotion
had, as we have seen, long forsaken her; her studies did not satisfy her; her children--she
had by this time a daughter--were yet in infancy; her husband was not unkind, but indifferent,
and the object of indifference. She occupied herself with the business of her estate, and with
the wants of the neighboring poor; but she was unsuccessful in administering her expenses,
and her narrow revenue did not allow her to give large satisfaction to her charitable impulses.
After some years of seclusion and effort, she began to dream of liberty, of wealth,--in a word,
of trying her fortunes in Paris. She felt a power within her for which she had found no adequate
task.
