Till date steamers were never tried on a large scale models possibly, which are pronounced deceptive?
 4. the most of coca virtues are lost, when in a dried state.
 5. The pen which I had made it in silver, a long hollow handle end with a conical point, either if the ink was too thick, pen clogged or emitted blots, being thin. 
6. Since the establishment in Leicester Square has been based on this idea. 
7. I also bullied the Ordnance Office, and also had an interview with Sidney Herbert about these couple of futile inventions! One a composite cannon missile of quoits tied together: and the other of a thick vulcanite sheathing for ships, available either on wood or iron.
I have been sending and receiving letters on these, from the office. Briefly, I was not fortunate, as an inventor. Though, I urged my horse-shoe for the least for a valuable thought, this one worth a trial, to save our poor horses on solid pavements and also in hard frosts. It’s like a losing game in attempt to enforce an invention: many different vested interests oppose and with many competitors: moreover, someone proves to be rushing into the pool of Bethesda before you. 
I expected that there may be "essence of tea," with coffee; but nothing really came of it. Amongst, other of my added eggs of invention, here I mention that in my chemistry days as a youth I said to a scientific neighbor, Dr. Kerrison,, “that glass renders being less fragile by mixing in the casting with some chemical compound of lead, which is now has come out in the patent toughened glass. Also we have undergone mild experiments about an imitation of volcanic forces in melting the pounded stone, which has been recently done by Mr. Lindsay Bucknall with slag:--but unfortunately, we found that the manufacturer of basalt was beyond our small furnace power: I apparently fancied the carved pinnacles and gurgoyles which may be a cast in stone; and though beyond Dr. Kerrison and myself, perhaps it still can be done by the hot-blast melting up with crushed granite. 
* * * * * 
Small matters specified among author's natural inventiveness, I shall preserve here few of the literary class: e.g., 
(1.) I acclaim to have discovered the etymology of Punch, which Mark Antony Lower in his Patronymica says is "a name the origin of which is total obscurity." Here, I found it out that, when at HaverfordWest in the year 1858. I saw over the mantel of the hostelry, perhaps there’s still a map of the Roman earthwork called locally Punch Castle; and referring how that the neighboring hills are named Precelly (Procella, storm) Similar, to drawing the rain-clouds, that Caer Leon is Castrum Legionis, and that there is a the little river with a Roman bridge over, there’s still styled Ultra Pontem. At once, I decided that Pontii Castellum was the true name for Punch Castle. In a happy confusion of names and dates,  Pontius Pilate and Judas appeared in the medieval puppet-plays as Punch and Judy, while Toby refers to Tobit's dog. The Pontius of the Castle was Prater of Second Legion. 
(2.) Similarly, I found out the origin of "Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall," &c., to refer to the death of William the Conqueror (L'homme qui dompte), who ruptured in leaping a burnt wall, at Rouen; "he had a great fall," being very stout, and burst asunder like Iscariot, while "all the king's horses and all the king's men couldn't set Humpty Dumpty up again." We shall consider that the wise Fools of those days dared not call magnates by their real names, nor did they utter facts openly: so accordingly
 (3) They referred Edward Longshanks into "Daddy Longlegs," and 
(4) Sang to the poor about King John's raid upon the monks and the consequent famine to the poor, in "Four and twenty blackbirds baked in a pie," &c., the point made to this interpretation being "a dainty dish to set before the king," John being a notorious glutton. My friends at Ledbury Manor, he has a full gallery of my Uncle Arthur's Indian pictures, he will remember how I expose this in detail to them some years ago. In this discovery in connection of literary, let me here I give my exposition to the number of mystic Revelations, 666,--which, "more meo" 18.
