The steamers were never tried on a large scale, and models are pronounced deceptive.
4. The coca loses most of its virtues when in a dried state. 5. The pen (I had it made in silver,
a long hollow handle ending with a conical point) either grew clogged if the ink was too thick,
or emitted blots when too thin. 6. An establishment in Leicester Square has since worked on
this idea. 7. I also troubled the Ordnance Office, and had an interview with Sidney Herbert
about two more futile inventions! one a composite cannon missile of quoits tied together: another
of a thick vulcanite sheathing for ships, over either wood or iron. I have letters on these
to and from the office. Briefly, I did not gain fortune as an inventor: though I urged my horse-shoe
at least as a valuable thought, and one worth a trial, to save our poor horses on asphalte
pavements and in hard frosts. It is a losing game to attempt to force an invention: so many
vested interests oppose, and so many are the competitors: moreover, some one always rushes
into the pool of Bethesda before you.

I thought also that there might as well be "essence of tea," as well as of coffee; but nothing
came of it. Also amongst other of my addled eggs of invention, I may mention that in my chemistry
days as a youth I suggested to a scientific neighbour, Dr. Kerrison, that glass might be rendered
less fragile by being mixed in the casting with some chemical compound of lead,--much as now
has come out in the patent toughened glass. Also we initiated mild experiments about an imitation
of volcanic forces in melting pounded stone into moulds,--as recently done by Mr. Lindsay Bucknall
with slag:--but unluckily we found that the manufacture of basalt was beyond our small furnace
power: I fancied that apparently carved pinnacles and gurgoyles might be cast in stone; and
though beyond Dr. Kerrison and myself, perhaps it may still be done by the hot-blast melting
up crushed granite.

       *       *       *       *       *

Among these small matters of an author's natural inventiveness, I will preserve here a few
of the literary class: e.g., (1.) I claim to have discovered the etymology of Punch, which
Mark Antony Lower in his Patronymica says is "a name the origin of which is in total obscurity."
Now, I found it out thus,--when at Haverfordwest in 1858 I saw over the mantel of the hostelry,
perhaps there still, a map of the Roman earthwork called locally Punch Castle; and considering
how that the neighbouring hills are named Precelly (Procella, storm) as often drawing down
the rain-clouds,--that Caer Leon is Castrum Legionis, and that there is a Roman bridge over
the little river there still styled Ultra Pontem--I decided at once that Pontii Castellum was
the true name for Punch Castle. Of course, Pontius Pilate and Judas appear in the mediæval
puppet-plays as Punch and Judy,--while Toby refers to Tobit's dog, in a happy confusion of
names and dates. The Pontius of the Castle was Prater of the Second Legion. (2.) Similarly,
I found out the origin of "Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall," &c., to refer to the death of William
the Conqueror (L'homme qui dompte), who was ruptured in leaping a burnt wall at Rouen; being
very stout,--"he had a great fall," and burst asunder like Iscariot, while "all the king's
horses and all the king's men couldn't set Humpty Dumpty up again." We must remember that the
wise Fools of those days dared not call magnates by their real names,--nor utter facts openly:
so accordingly (3) they turned Edward Longshanks into "Daddy Longlegs,"--and (4) sang about
King John's raid upon the monks, and the consequent famine to the poor, in "Four and twenty
blackbirds baked in a pie," &c.,--the key to this interpretation being "a dainty dish to set
before the king," John being a notorious glutton. My friends at Ledbury Manor, where there
is a gallery full of my uncle Arthur's Indian pictures, will remember how I expounded all this
to them some years ago. In this connection of literary discovery, let me here give my exposition
of the mystic number in Revelations, 666,--which, "more meo" 18.
