The plows that we use rise automatically when they reach a stump and come back down afterwards. I think that Mr. Wells' mental facilities have a similar device for navigating the pitfalls of theology.

III

New Myths for Old

Before questioning the characteristics and practices of the Invisible King, let's look a bit closer into whether God is separate from man and is a God that can be comprehended. Mr. Wells must not decide that this is not a test: that he assures an objective truth is real, like the Nelson Column or the Atlantic Ocean, whether we can prove it or not. Though he does not use the word "pragmatism", his practices are in fact pragmatist. He doesn't offer any evidence for the existence of God, except that it is a guess which he finds to work well. Satisfaction is the only thing in the test that matters. So we must ask whether rejecting the deity, and concentrating on the hypothesis of a fallible God, completely different from the infallible, can make us feel any better about how the universe works. I guess that this is the substance of religion.

It isn't ironic in the least that I started this work by conveying the devout interest which I display in learning that Mr. Wells was setting out on a journey for God. The unarguable agnosticism which claims it isn't possible to know anything about how the universe is irrational as other dogmas are. Mr. Wells actually disowns that dogma. He says : "It may be that minds will presently appear among us of such a quality that the face of that Unknown will not be altogether hidden" (p. 108). Again he says "our God, the Captain of Mankind," may one day enable us to "pierce the black wrappings," or to understand God. This means that it isn't off that man's unquenchable thirst for knowledge of God in the non-Wellsian sense of the term. God is just the answer to the mystery of life; and though the answer has not actually solved any of these riddles, that doesn't mean that the answer does not exist outside of the grasp of human understanding. This embodies a bit of hope at the news that an intellectual is attempting to solve this problem. It is entirely possible, though unlikely that this will help us on that path. One goes back to the previous analogy of flying. We always say over and over that it is impossible. When we wanted to say that something was  impossible, we'd say that we couldn't do it any better than we could fly. But now we CAN fly! We can fly like birds and we do so every day.

It serves then, that we shouldn't be down about trying to advance our understanding of the universe. And it is sure that Mr. Wells' God would probably satisfy this need of the human mind if it wasn't obvious that he had given it up as a bad job. Is he outside of that network, being a God that made himself? This makes him the ultimate miracle, a question imposed on the first one. If he abides by universal rules, he might finally be understood. The legends of the creation of Gods are always weird but this is because they are folk-tales. If God isn't a story, surely his relation to a creator might be obvious. Mr. Wells suggests that this might be because he flat out doesn't know. In that case, our current God is close to ancient ones whose worst characteristic was that they only knew what their worshipers knew.
