"We use ploughs that automatically
rise when they come to a stump, and take the earth again on the other side." I cannot but conjecture
that Mr. Wells's thinking apparatus is fitted with some such automatic appliance for soaring
gaily over the snags that stud the ploughlands of theology.

III

NEW MYTHS FOR OLD

Before examining the particular attributes and activities of the Invisible King, let us look
a little more closely into the question whether a God detached alike from man below and (so
to speak) from heaven above, is a thinkable God in whom any satisfaction can be found. Mr.
Wells must not reply (he probably would not think of doing so) that "satisfaction" is no test:
that he asserts an objective truth which exists, like the Nelson Column or the Atlantic Ocean,
whether we find satisfaction in it or not. Though he does not mention the word "pragmatism,"
his standards are purely pragmatist. He offers no jot or tittle of evidence for the existence
of the Invisible King, except that it is a hypothesis which he finds to work extremely well.
Satisfaction and nothing else is the test he applies. So we have every right to ask whether
the renunciation of all concern about the Veiled Being, and concentration upon the thought
of a finite God, practically unrelated to the infinite, can bring us any reasonable sense of
reconciliation to the nature of things. For that, I take it, is the essence of religion.

It was in no spirit of irony that I began this essay by expressing the lively interest with
which I learned that Mr. Wells was setting out on the quest for God. The dogmatic agnosticism
which declares it impossible ever to know anything about the whence, how and why of the universe
does not seem to me more rational than any other dogma which jumps from "not yet" to "never."
Mr. Wells himself disclaims that dogma. He says: "It may be that minds will presently appear
among us of such a quality that the face of that Unknown will not be altogether hidden" (p.
108). And in another place (p. 15) he suggests that "our God, the Captain of Mankind," may
one day enable us to "pierce the black wrappings," or, in other words, to get behind the veil.
There is nothing, then, unreasonable or absurd in man's incurable inquisitiveness as to God,
in the non-Wellsian sense of the term. God simply means the key to the mystery of existence;
and though the keys hitherto offered have all either jammed or turned round and round without
unlocking anything, it does not follow that no real key exists within the reach of human investigation
or speculation. Therefore one naturally feels a little stirring of hope at the news that a
fresh and keen intellect, untrammelled by the folk-lore theologies of the past, is applying
itself to the problem. It is always possible, however improbable, that we may be helped a little
forwarder on the path towards realization. One comes back to the before-mentioned analogy of
flying. We had been assured over and over again, on the highest authority, that it was an idle
dream. When we wanted to express the superlative degree of the impossible, we said "I can no
more do it than I can fly." But the irrepressible spirit of man was not to be daunted by à
priori demonstrations of impossibility. One day there came the rumour that the thing had been
achieved, followed soon by ocular demonstration; and now we rub shoulders every day with men
who have outsoared the eagle, and--alas!--carried death and destruction into the hitherto stainless
empyrean.

It would seem, then, that there is no reason absolutely to despair of some advance towards
a conception of the nature and reason of the universe. And it is certain that Mr. Wells's God
would stand a better chance of satisfying the innate needs of the human intelligence if he
had not (apparently) given up as a bad job the attempt to relate himself to the causal plexus
of the All. Is he outside that causal plexus, self-begotten, self-existent? Then he is the
miracle of miracles, a second mystery superimposed on the first. If, on the other hand, he
falls within the system, he might surely manage to convey to his disciples some glimmering
notion of his place in it. The birth-stories of Gods are always grotesque and unedifying, but
that is because they belong to folk-lore. If this God does not belong to folk-lore, surely
his relation to the Veiled Being might be indicated without impropriety. Mr. Wells, as we have
seen, hints that his reticence may be due to the fact that he does not know. In that case this
"modern" God is suspiciously like all the ancient Gods, whose most unfortunate characteristic
was that they never knew anything more than their worshippers.
