But, allowing for this original defect, we feel that the Cathedral of Siena combines solemnity
and splendour to a degree almost unrivalled. Its dome is another point in which the instinct
of Italian architects has led them to adhere to the genius of their ancestral art rather than
to follow the principles of Gothic design. The dome is Etruscan and Roman, native to the soil,
and only by a kind of violence adapted to the character of pointed architecture. Yet the builders
of Siena have shown what a glorious element of beauty might have been added to our Northern
cathedrals, had the idea of infinity which our ancestors expressed by long continuous lines,
by complexities of interwoven aisles, and by multitudinous aspiring pinnacles, been carried
out into vast spaces of aërial cupolas, completing and embracing and covering the whole like
heaven. The Duomo, as it now stands, forms only part of a vast design. On entering we are amazed
to hear that this church, which looks so large, from the beauty of its proportions, the intricacy
of its ornaments, and the interlacing of its columns, is but the transept of the intended building
lengthened a little, and surmounted by a cupola and campanile.[1] Yet such is the fact. Soon
after its commencement a plague swept over Italy, nearly depopulated Siena, and reduced the
town to penury for want of men. The cathedral, which, had it been accomplished, would have
surpassed all Gothic churches south of the Alps, remained a ruin. A fragment of the nave still
stands, enabling us to judge of its extent. The eastern wall joins what was to have been the
transept, measuring the mighty space which would have been enclosed by marble vaults and columns
delicately wrought. The sculpture on the eastern door shows with what magnificence the Sienese
designed to ornament this portion of their temple; while the southern façade rears itself aloft
above the town, like those high arches which testify to the past splendour of Glastonbury Abbey;
but the sun streams through the broken windows, and the walls are encumbered with hovels and
stables and the refuse of surrounding streets.

    [1] The present church was begun about 1229. In 1321 the
    burghers fancied it was too small for the fame and
    splendour of their city. So they decreed a new ecclesia
    pulcra, magna, et magnifica, for which the older but as
    yet unfinished building was to be the transept.

One most remarkable feature of the internal decoration is a line of heads of the Popes carried
all round the church above the lower arches. Larger than life, white solemn faces they lean,
each from his separate niche, crowned with the triple tiara, and labelled with the name he
bore. Their accumulated majesty brings the whole past history of the Church into the presence
of its living members. A bishop walking up the nave of Siena must feel as a Roman felt among
the waxen images of ancestors renowned in council or in war. Of course these portraits are
imaginary for the most part; but the artists have contrived to vary their features and expression
with great skill.

Not less peculiar to Siena is the pavement of the cathedral. It is inlaid with a kind of tarsia
work in stone, setting forth a variety of pictures in simple but eminently effective mosaic.
Some of these compositions are as old as the cathedral; others are the work of Beccafumi and
his scholars. They represent, in the liberal spirit of mediæval Christianity, the history of
the Church before the Incarnation. Hermes Trismegistus and the Sibyls meet us at the doorway:
in the body of the church we find the mighty deeds of the old Jewish heroes--of Moses and Samson
and Joshua and Judith. Independently of the artistic beauty of the designs, of the skill with
which men and horses are drawn in the most difficult attitudes, of the dignity of some single
figures, and of the vigour and simplicity of the larger compositions, a special interest attaches
to this pavement in connection with the twelfth canto of the 'Purgatorio.' Dante cannot have
trodden these stones and meditated upon their sculptured histories.
