But,  approving  for this original defect, we  touch  that the Cathedral of Siena  blends  solemnity and splendour to a  grade   nearly  unrivalled. Its dome is another point in which the instinct of Italian architects has led them to  attach  to the genius of their ancestral art  instead  to  chase  the  morals  of Gothic design. The dome is Etruscan and Roman, native to the  earth,  and  merely   via  a  manner  of violence adapted to the  personality  of  sharp  architecture. Yet the builders of Siena have shown what a glorious  particle  of beauty might have been  additional  to our Northern cathedrals, had the  notion  of infinity which our ancestors  conveyed   via   lengthy  continuous  queues,   via  complexities of interwoven aisles, and  via  multitudinous  aiming  pinnacles, been carried out into vast  blanks  of aërial cupolas,  concluding  and embracing and  wrapping  the  entire  like heaven. The Duomo, as it now stands,  models   merely   fraction  of a vast design. On entering we are amazed to  listen  that this church, which  gazes  so  great,  from the beauty of its  dimensions,  the intricacy of its ornaments, and the interlacing of its columns, is but the transept of the  meant   construction  lengthened a  small,  and surmounted  via  a cupola and campanile.[1] Yet such is the fact. Soon  afterwards  its commencement a plague swept  across  Italy,  almost  depopulated Siena, and  dampened  the  city  to penury for want of men. The cathedral, which, had it been  achieved,  would have surpassed all Gothic churches  southern  of the Alps,  waited  a ruin. A fragment of the nave  motionless  stands, enabling  ourselves  to judge of its extent. The eastern wall  unites  what was to have been the transept,  guaging  the  powerful  space which would have been  bounded   via  marble vaults and columns  finely  wrought. The sculpture on the eastern door  illustrates  with what magnificence the Sienese  planned  to ornament this  chip  of their temple;  whereas  the southern façade rears itself aloft above the  city,  like those high arches which testify to the past splendour of Glastonbury Abbey; but the sun  rivers  through the  breached  windows, and the walls are encumbered with hovels and stables and the refuse of  enclosing  streets.

[1] The current church was started approximate 1229. In 1321 the burghers fancied it was too small for the fame and splendour of their city. So they decreed a fresh ecclesia pulcra, magna, et magnifica, for which the senior but as yet unfinished construction was to be the transept.

One majority remarkable character of the internal decoration is a queue of mayors of the Popes carried all around the church above the cheaper arches. Larger than life, white sombre faces they lean, each from his separate niche, crowned with the triple tiara, and branded with the dub he bore. Their gathered majesty brings the entire past history of the Church into the presence of its alive members. A bishop walking upward the nave of Siena must touch as a Roman sensed among the waxen photographs of ancestors known in senate or in war. Of course these portraits are imaginary for the majority part; but the artists have plotted to vary their qualities and expression with great skill.

Not fewer peculiar to Siena is the pavement of the cathedral. It is inlaid with a manner of tarsia labor in stone, setting forth a range of images in plain but eminently efficient mosaic. Some of these compositions are as old as the cathedral; others are the labor of Beccafumi and his scholars. They pose, in the liberal spirit of mediæval Christianity, the history of the Church ago the Incarnation. Hermes Trismegistus and the Sibyls encounter ourselves at the doorway: in the body of the church we locate the powerful deeds of the old Jewish heroes--of Moses and Samson and Joshua and Judith. Independently of the artistic beauty of the plans, of the proficiency with which men and horses are drawn in the majority difficult opinions, of the pride of several single numbers, and of the vigour and simplicity of the bigger compositions, a special hobby attaches to this pavement in bridge with the twelfth canto of the 'Purgatorio.' Dante cannot have trodden these stones and meditated upon their sculptured histories.
