If the early defect is set aside, the cathedral of Siena is almost unmatched in its magnificence, seriousness and majesty. Its dome owes its splendour to the fact that the Italians followed their natural feeling to stick to the expertise of their forefathers rather than adopt the Gothic style’s principles. The dome is one  that is reflective of the violent nature of the sharp architecture and is totally Roman and Etruscan in identity and innate to the soil. The architects of the Siena have exhibited the kind of magnificent charm that could have been added to our Northern cathedrals, had the knotty principle of infinity, that our forefathers conveyed through lengthy stretching lines, by complicated interlaced passageways, and by innumerable ascending crest, spread out in the immense area of lofty and air borne towers, finishing and enfolding everything making it look ethereal. The Duomo, that can be seen today, is only a part of the entire and big design. When we see the church, we are surprised to find that the church, which appears huge, due to its exquisite proportions, beautiful skillfully executed ornamentation and intertwining columns, is just a part of the conceived structure which has been lengthened a bit and has a dome and tower topping it.[1] It so happened that when the construction of it began, Italy  suffered a epidemic of plague, reducing its population, especially Siena. Siena was almost finished and the town was on verge of poverty due to lack of men. The construction of the planned cathedral, which would have made it the most magnificent of all Gothic churches south of the Alps, could not be done and thus was left a wreck. A small piece of the nave can be seen today and this allows us to estimate the proportions and the planned size of the cathedral. The planned and incomplete transept is joined by the eastern wall, quantifying the vast area that would have been engulfed by marble vaults and pillars that are intricately designed. The splendour and beauty of the Sienese’s design for the cathedral can be understood by looking at the sculpture on the eastern doors, and the lofty southern façade as it rises above the town, with its the tall arches to show off  the historical magnificence of the Glastonbury Abbey, but as sun throws light through the broken windows wall burdened with shanty sheds, stables and other waste from the neighboring area are revealed.
[1] In 1229, the construction of the church that is seen today started. The burghers felt that the new church was not as big as it should be in comparison to the fame and magnificence of the town and hence decreed a new ecclesia pulcra, magna, et magnifica, for which the earlier unfinished building was to be transept.
One of the notable aspects of the internal beautification is the row of heads of the Popes that runs along the church just above the lower arches. Each head of Pope is represented in a larger than life size, with very sombre face, crowned with the three tiara and have their names displayed against them as the they lean from above the lower arches. Their combined presence and aura takes each and every living person present there, back into the past history of the church.  A bishop is likely to feel  what a Roman must have felt in the presence of the waxen images of ancestors famous in council or in war, as he walked up the nave of Siena. These portraits are the work of the imagination of the artist, but the artist must be credited for creating their feature and expression with a lot of skill.
The pavement of the cathedral is unique in Siena. The pavement in Siena is decorated with a type of tarsia work in stone, displaying a array of simple images, that are notably effective mosaic. A part of this work was done by Beccafumi and his scholars while some are of the age of the cathedral. They show the history of the church before incarnation, in the progressive attitude of the mediæval Christianity.  Hermes Trismegistus and the Sibyls welcome us at the doorway while the great deeds of the Jewish heroes namely Moses and Samson and Joshua and Judith greets us in the body of the church. Besides the beautiful, aesthetic designs, the high degree of difficult attitudes in which the men and horses are drawn, the majesty of some of the single figures, and the power and simplicity of the bigger designs,  the pavement attracts special attention in connection with the twelfth canto of the 'Purgatorio.' It is certainly not a path on which Dante could have meditated as he walked on it.
