The weather conditions including light, air, precipitation and temperature, which enable the maintenance of life in its many forms. 
2. Fertility, including land qualities that are useful to man in the exercise of their economic activities. 

3. Electricity, including the forces of nature that man can take it and force its orders. 

The climate, fertility and power is distributed differently on the ground. Heat about Ecuador and the cold of the Arctic that all highly organized forms of economic life difficult. Consequently, it is in temperate zones that have been developed in industrial civilizations. The deposits of minerals and fuels are very uneven. Taking iron supplements as an example. available deposits of iron ore are mainly concentrated in Brazil, Cuba, the Appalachians and the Great Lake basin, so that the American continent and especially North America have much more than a proportionate share of shipments of iron ore. Copper, coal and oil are distributed with greater irregularity. Similarly uneven is the soil fertility. Next to a landscaped area in the Mississippi Valley is a great desert of Colorado and Utah. Nature has provided the conditions under which man must depend for its economic life. Are scattered is true, and current political barriers have separated people, many of them are available, but politically, economically, is an open door to the future.

Men have had considerable success, to make the bounty of nature, and to be a useful and enjoyable. All tools, weapons, textiles, metals, wheels, machines have been the result of effort and human ingenuity, spread over long periods of time, and gradually accumulated and concentrated. Finally one day seems to have dawned when machines, applied to nature's bounty, could produce the wealth necessary to support the existing population in the world in a minimum standard of living. Certainly, energy and wealth that comes within five years of war have been fed and clothed people during that period. 

8. Distribution and the Social Revolution 

The men have succeeded in fanning the fire, the manufacture of wheels, separating the metal ore, electricity use and communicate their thoughts to others and their descendants, but were not owners of these forces working for the fire and wheels. The men have met the immediate economic problem by developing methods for the production of food, clothing and shelter of the trees ", but have been overwhelmed by the social implications of these productive forces. Before the problem of distribution work income has stagnated and global economic progress of the race as a driver is currently detained, pending a solution to the problems of distribution.

Through the methods of the different ages of living began. Medieval Europe had developed a combination of grazing, agriculture, crafts and trade that would have a stable life for a farming village in a practical possibility. 

This period of economic stability - this golden age - was followed by a series of events that threw the fat into the fire. First in England, then in all major European countries, the industrial revolution was grazing, agriculture, handicrafts and industrial life of the village in reverse, providing a new method of translation of the assets of the nature of rewards and services calculated to satisfy the growing needs and desires of humanity. So far reaching was the change that has forced a reorganization of virtually all phases of social life, but this case has been considered in four areas: production, trade surplus wealth and population. 

The effectiveness of new manufacturing processes have a large surplus of products that must be somewhere in exchange for food and raw materials, which in turn have brought to producers of manufactured goods. During these operations, a generous share of the value produced is in the form of profits to the owners of the industry, another important part is to reinvestment, thus swelling the volume of productive capital. 

The increase of wealth, the largest surplus of capital and as far as possible to maintain a larger population. Therefore occurred during the last century that the production of goods, merchandise, and the population has been increasing at a rate unknown in the last thousand years. 

The speed of these economic changes sweeping the world outside their usual place of moorings in an unknown sea.
