Climate, including those conditions of light, air, rainfall and
   temperature that make possible the maintenance of life in its many
   forms.

   2. Fertility, including those qualities of the earth that are useful
   to man in the pursuit of his economic activities.

   3. Power, including those forces of nature which man may harness and
   compel to do his bidding.

Climate, fertility and power are variously distributed over the earth. The heat near the equator
and the cold of the arctic regions make any highly organized forms of economic life difficult.
Consequently it is in the temperate zones that industrial civilizations have developed. The
deposits of minerals and fuels are quite uneven. Take iron as an example. The available deposits
of iron ore are concentrated mainly in Brazil, Cuba, the Appalachians and the Great Lake Basin,
so that the Americas and particularly North America have far more than a proportionate share
of the iron ore supply. Copper, coal and petroleum are distributed with even greater irregularity.
Equally uneven is soil fertility. Beside a garden spot, like the Mississippi Valley, lies a
great Colorado-Utah desert. Nature has provided those requisites upon which man must depend
for his economic life. They are scattered it is true, and with the present political barriers
holding peoples apart, many of them are politically unavailable but, economically, they are
an open door to the future.

Men have met with considerable success in availing themselves of nature's bounty, and of converting
it into useful and pleasing forms. All of the tools, weapons, textiles, metals, wheels, machines,
have been the result of human effort and ingenuity, spread over long periods of time, and gradually
accumulated and concentrated. At last a day seems to have dawned when machinery, applied to
nature's bounty, could produce the wealth necessary to support the world's existing population
on a minimum standard of living. Certainly the energy and wealth which went into the five war
years would have fed and clothed the people for that period.

   8. Distribution and the Social Revolution

Men have succeeded in kindling fires, making wheels, separating the metal from the ore, harnessing
electrical power and communicating their thoughts to one another and to their descendants,
but they have not made themselves masters of those forces which work through fire and wheels.
Men have met the immediate economic problem by devising methods for producing food, clothes
and roof-trees, but they have been overwhelmed by the social implications of these productive
forces. Before the problem of sharing the proceeds of their labor, they have stopped, and the
whole economic progress of the race now stands like an engine stalled, awaiting some solution
of the problems of distribution.

Through the ages various methods of making a living were inaugurated successively. Medieval
Europe had worked out a combination of herding, agriculture, craft industry and trade that
made a stable life for an agricultural village a practical possibility.

This period of economic stability--this golden age--was followed by a series of events that
threw the fat into the fire. First in England, and then in all of the important countries of
Europe, the industrial revolution turned the simple grazing, farming, craft-industry life of
the village topsy-turvy, by providing a new method of converting nature's bounty into goods
and services calculated to meet the increasing needs and wants of mankind. So far-reaching
was the change that it has compelled a reorganization of virtually all phases of social life,
but for the present purpose, it has been felt chiefly in four fields: manufacturing, commerce,
wealth-surplus and population.

The efficiency of the new manufacturing processes has provided a large surplus of goods that
must be taken somewhere, exchanged for food and raw materials, which must, in turn, be brought
to the producers of manufactured goods. In the course of these transactions, a generous share
of the values produced goes, in the form of profit, to the owners of the industry, another
considerable portion goes into reinvestment, thus swelling the volume of productive capital.

The increased wealth, the larger capital and the greater amount of surplus all make possible
the maintenance of a larger population. Thus it has come about during the past century, that
the production of goods, the transport of goods, and the population, have all been increasing
at a rate unheard of during the previous thousand years.

The suddenness of these economic changes has swept the world away from its accustomed moorings,
out upon an uncharted sea.
