Many forms of life exists depending upon the climate, conditions of light, air, rainfall and temperature .
2.The qualities of earth like fertility  is useful for man to chase his economic activities.
3.Forces of nature like power is controlled and  auctioned by men.
       The blessings of nature like climate, fertilility and power are variously distributed on earth. The higher temperature in the equator and the lowest temperature in arctic regions made it difficult for the highly organized forms of economic life.As a consequence of this the temperate zones have become the centres of industrial civilization. Like these all  wealth of the nature is not evenly distributed. Minerals,soil fertility,all are uneven in different parts of the earth.They are scattered  all around the world. The   present political barriers make it unavailable to all eventhough economically they are open door to the future. 
    Man have become successful to an extent to convert nature's bounty into usable and enjoyable forms. All the tools,weapons, textiles metals ,wheels,machines are the result of hardwork and cleverness of mankind over a period of time.After long years of hardwork a day came into existence where all the nature's bounty converted to support the existing population with a minimum standard of living. It is sure that wealth and energy used for the five war years are more than enough to feed and cloth people of that period.
     Even though men have succeeded in kindling fires, making wheels and all such things  they have become slaves of these forces which work through fire and wheels. All these economic progress gave way to hindarance to the social well being.
  Various methods are adopted to make a living. The medieval Europe adopted a combination of herding,agriculture,craft industry and trade which given rise to a agricultural village .                    After this golden period came the age of revolutions. Inorder to maintain a balance between demand and supply men were compelled to innovate new methods for producing more to meet the increased demand.
           The new modes of manufacturing provided surplus goods which were exchanged for food and raw materials which in turn be brought to the producers of manufactured goods.In these transactions a large share go in the form of profits and another portion to reinvestment and volume of productive capital began to swell.
      The increase in wealth and surplus income made it possible to support a large population.The production of goods , transportation of goods, and population have increased very rapidly during the past century.
     The sudden economic changes  give away the usual emotional  and social tie ups .
