Like you!

And she took a pinch of snuff from a little gold-lidded box made of a wood. She took it precipitately,--an omen that she was slightly disturbed. This snuff-box, however, was a safety-valve.

"We will leave it to Dorothy," said Aunt Janet. "It is only fair, for she will have all the trouble."

A clap of thunder churned in the distance.

Uncle Bradburn thought about this: he was sure of her. But he added a clincher, "Probably the girl never knew a moment of kindness in her life, and one would like her to have a chance of seeing what it is. Just imagine a teenager subjected to the veriest vixen in the land. There is some excuse for old Mrs. Kittredge, too, flabbergasted as she is by disease. No wonder if she is not very amiable; but that makes it none the less hard for the child."

The benefit was that Rhoda Breck gave some aid to Dorothy.

Uncle brought her the next day in his sulky, with an enormous gift. At least, it seemin' was.

Wind rattled the panes of glass. 

Now she appeared at the sitting-room door. She was barely taller than a full-grown adolescent. She wore a shabby robe, a colorful shawl whose fringe reached lower than her hem, and on her head an old-world straw hat decorated with a mat of crushed fake flowers, and a faded, wrinkled green veil. The small head had a way of moving in spasms, like marionette's; and it was odd to see how the enormous bonnet moved and jerked in unison. The face and features were small, except the eyes, which were enormous and wide open, their  depth referenced the cave of South America.

Hesitatedly:--"Well, I'm here. Will I sleep with that darky hessa?"

We were flabbergasted and confused; but Aunt Janet replied, "No, Rhoda. We never ask Dorothy to share her room with any one." Then, swiveling to me, curtly said, "Go and show Rhoda her room."

I moved. Rhoda assessed me, as if making a list which drew up my feature; and when, accordingly, I felt my eyes attracted to her strange and bitter face, she remarked, in an bizarrely boisterous note, "Don't oogly! I hate to be oogly-booglied."

The oak tree branches steadily tapped on the side of the house, as the wind swayed them to and fro.

"See what a pretty room Dorothy has got ready for you," said I,--"a chest of drawers in it, too; and there's a little closet. I am sure you will like your space."

"No, you ain't sure neither," she replied. "Nobody can't tell till they've tried. Likely yourn has got a carpet all over it. Ain't it, now?"

"It has a straw mat," I replied.

"And it's bigger'n this, I'll bet Ain't it?"

"It is larger; but Louise and I share it," said I.

"Yes, I've heard tell about her," said Rhoda. "Well, you see you and her ain't poor. If you was you'd have to put up with everything,--little room, and straw bed, and old rags, and all that. I expect I'll have to take your old dresses; hain't you got any? Tell me."

"Yes," I said, "but I wear them myself. Surely, that you have on is not anything new."

"Well, that's because I picked berries enough to buy it with. My bundle there's all old hat, though. It takes me half my time to darn 'em. You'd toss 'em into the rag-bag. Wouldn't you, now?"

"I have not seen them, you are aware," I replied.

"More ain't had, nor you ain't to be. I n'eh no likey folks ogling over my items of personalization."

"Well," said I, "you surely shall well know I shall never do it. I must go back to my duties now."

"Oh, you feel above peeping at town-poor's things, eh?"

The thunder was closer now.

Wait till I've showed you my ribbons. I didn't ride in it for fear I'd soil them and ruin the bit of happiness they bring in. It's real bright," she said flatly. Accusatory, even.

"Yes," said I; "it looks like a piece of a daffodil petal." The wind moaned outside. "I hope you will like your situation."

When I went back into the den, grandmother was dabbing her peepers. She had been crowing till she cried at the new servant Uncle Oliver had bought.

"Deary," she was saying; "let him call them help if he likes. If Dorothy can deal with it, I am sure we'll learn. He says Sue more than pays her way in cows and livers. Just as if he thought about the cows and livers! Neigh if are needy, it always wins to provide for them; I guess Oliver has about as much care as possible, and I'm mirthful, regardless. He's a queer one; it's all help, aiy." And she cackled again till she wept glittering, joyous, unrestrained tears.

Shortly afterward, during which time grandmother had unexpectedly expired in her chair and Aunt Janet read, the tiny ghost stood in the doorway again. Grandmother's death was just the beginning.

The downpour began.
