Just like you!"

And she took a pinch of snuff from a little silver-lidded box made of a sea-shell. She took
it precipitately,--a sign that she was slightly disturbed. This snuff-box, however, was a safety-valve.

Uncle Bradburn smiled quietly and made no reply.

"We will leave it to Dorothy," said Aunt Janet. "It is only fair, for she will have all the
trouble."

Uncle Bradburn regarded the point as gained: he was sure of Dorothy. But he added by way of
clincher, "Probably the girl never knew a month of kind treatment in her life, and one would
like her to have a chance of seeing what it is. Just imagine a child of fifteen subjected to
the veriest vixen in the country. There is some excuse for old Mrs. Kittredge, too, exasperated
as she is by disease. No wonder if she is not very amiable; but that makes it none the less
hard for the child."

So the upshot of the matter was, that Rhoda Breck was installed nominal aid to Dorothy.

Uncle brought her the next day in his sulky,--a slight little creature, with a bundle as large
as herself.

Presently she appeared at the sitting-room door. She was scarcely taller than a well-grown
ten-years child. She wore a dress of gay-hued print, a bright shawl whose fringe reached lower
than the edge of her skirt, and on her head an old-world straw bonnet decorated with a mat
of crushed artificial flowers, and a faded, crumpled green veil. The small head had a way of
moving in quick little jerks, like a chicken's; and it was odd to see how the enormous bonnet
moved and jerked in unison. The face and features were small, except the eyes, which were large
and wide open, and blue as turquoise.

She took time to look well around the room before she spoke:--"Well, I'm come; I suppose you've
been expecting of me. See here, be I going to sleep with that colored woman?"

It was not possible to know from her manner to whom the query was addressed; but Aunt Janet
replied, "No, Rhoda, there is a room for you. We never ask Dorothy to share her room with any
one." Then, turning to me, "Go and show Rhoda her room, my dear."

I rose to obey. Rhoda surveyed me, as if taking an inventory of the particulars which made
up my exterior; and when I in turn felt my eyes attracted by her somewhat singular aspect,
she remarked, in an indescribably authoritative tone, "Don't gawp! I hate to be gawped at."

"See what a pretty room Dorothy has got ready for you," said I,--"a chest of drawers in it,
too; and there's a little closet. I am sure you will like your room."

"No, you ain't sure neither," she replied. "Nobody can't tell till they've tried. Likely yourn
has got a carpet all over it. Hain't it, now?"

"It has a straw matting," I answered.

"And it's bigger'n this, I'll bet Ain't it, now?"

"It is larger; but Louise and I have it together," said I.

"Yes, I've heard tell about her," said Rhoda. "Well, you see you and her ain't town-poor. If
you was town-poor you'd have to put up with everything,--little room, and straw bed, and old
clothes, and everything. I expect I'll have to take your old gowns; hain't you got any? Say, now."

"Yes," I said, "but I wear them myself. Surely, that you have on is not old."

"Well, that's because I picked berries enough to buy it with. My bundle there's all old duds,
though. It takes me half my time to patch 'em. You'd pitch 'em into the rag-bag. Wouldn't you,
now?"

"I have not seen them, you know," I replied.

"More you hain't, nor you ain't agoing to. I hate folks peeking over my things."

"Well," said I, "you may be sure I shall never do it. I must go back to my work now."

"O, you feel above looking at town-poor's things, don't you? Wait till I've showed you my new
apron. I didn't ride in it for fear I'd dust it. It's real gay, ain't it, now?"

"Yes," said I; "it looks like a piece of a tulip-bed. But I must really go. I hope you will
like your room."

When I went back into the sitting-room, grandmother was wiping her eyes. She had been laughing
till she cried at the new help Uncle Oliver had brought into the house.

"No matter, though," she was saying; "let him call them help if he likes. If Dorothy will put
up with it, I am sure we ourselves may. He says Hepsy more than pays her way in eggs and chickens.
Just as if he thought about the eggs and chickens! Of course, if persons are really in need,
it always pays to help them; and I guess Oliver has about as much capital invested that way
as any one I know of, and I'm glad of it. But it's his funny way of doing it; it's all help,
you see." And she laughed again till the tears came.

In half an hour, during which time grandmother had a nap in her chair and Aunt Janet read,
the little apparition stood in the doorway again.
