He did more: he caused the lives
of those his servants whom he sanctified and almost glorified in this world, to be recorded
by their followers; and his own Spirit did not disdain to inspire the men who executed a work
so salutary to mankind. From Adam to Noe, from Noe to Abraham, from Abraham to the days of
Christ, what period is not marked by the life of some eminent saint; and what portion of the
Old Testament has always been and still is most interesting to true believers? Is it not that
which instructs us as to the life and manners of those patriarchs, prophets, and other holy
persons of whom we ourselves are, according to the promise, the seed and the descendants? The
innocence of Abel, the cruel deed of Cain, the piety of Seth, the fidelity and industry of
Noe, furnish to us the finest moral instruction derived from the primeval times. The life of
Abraham is perhaps the most precious record in the Old Testament! Who even now can read it,
and not repose with more devotion on the providence of God? Who can contrast his life and conduct
with that of all the sages of paganism, and not confess there is a God; yea! a God who not
only upholds this {010} world, and fills every creature in it with his benediction, but who
also conducts by a special providence all those who put their trust in him,--a God who teaches
his elect, by the unction of his Spirit, truths inaccessible to the wise of this world; and
who makes them, by his grace, to practise a degree of virtue to which human nature unassisted
is totally unable to attain? The God of Abraham, of Isaac, and of Jacob, is exceedingly glorified
by the virtues of those great men; and that glory is exalted, and we are led to adore it, because
the lives of those men have been written for our instruction. Is not Moses the keystone, as
it were, of the Jewish covenant? Are they not his trials, his meekness, his attachment to God
and to God's people, his incessant toils, and patience, and long-suffering, even more than
the miracles wrought by his interposition, which render the law published by him, and the ministry
established by him, worthy of all acceptation in our eyes? Who can contemplate the rejection
of Saul, and the election of David,--the wisdom of Solomon in early life, and his utter abandonment
in his latter days,--and not be stricken with a salutary dread of the inscrutable judgments
of a just God? Who can read the life of Judith, and not wonder?--of Susanna, and not love chastity
and confide in God? Who has read the prophecies of Isaiah, and not believed the gospel which
he foretold? And what example of a suffering Saviour so full, so perfect, and expressive, as
that exhibited in the life of Jeremiah? If thus, then, from the beginning to the day of Christ,
the Spirit of God instructed mankind in truth and virtue, by writing for their instruction
"the Lives of the Saints," what can better agree with the ways of that God, than to continue
the record--to prolong the narrative? If this mode of instruction has been adopted by the master,
should it not be continued by the servant?--if employed when the people of God were only one
family, should it not be resorted to when all nations were enrolled with that people? if this
mode of instruction was found useful when the knowledge of the Lord was confined to one province,
should it not be preserved when that knowledge covered the whole earth even as the waters cover
the sea? And is it not therefore with justice we have said that "The Lives of the Saints" might
not improperly be designated "an historical supplement to the Old and New Testaments?"

And in good truth, who can peruse the life of Peter, and not be animated with a more lively
faith? Who can read of the conversion of Paul, of his zeal and labor, and unbounded love,--who
can enter with him into the depths of those mysterious truths which he has revealed, and contemplate
along with him the riches of the glory of the grace of God, and not esteem this world as dung;
or experience some throes of those heavenly desires, which urged him so pathetically to exclaim,
"I {011} wish to be dissolved, and to be with Christ?"
