The casual or uninitiated reader of Pound could find his work daunting and inaccessible due to his extensive education and the frequency with which it appears in his work.  One might say of Pound’s Provencal poems that they rely too heavily on the knowledge of the reader and that true poetry should come more naturally to its audience.  But Pound does not require his reader to understand his forms; he merely displays his learning in his verse.  One of the most highly educated poets; he originally intended to teach and studied romance languages in America.  He also studied extensively in Europe while writing a thesis on Lope de Vega which he eventually abandoned, along with hopes of a Ph.D. and professional post, in order to continue his travels in Europe.  It is clear from his statements that Pound found American academia uninspiring and unappreciative art and creativity.  His life and work are a testament against the pedantry of which he is sometimes accused.  His scholarship comes from a deep appreciation and careful reading of poetry.  His regard and exhaustive study are shown in works like “Personae” and “Exultations.” Also clear in these works is his vital interest and extensive travels in Provence, he seems to have nearly consumed the history of the place and made it his own.  "Personae" and "Exultations” benefit from readers who also know this history and are educated about culture, but do not require Provencal, Spanish or Italian to decipher. Much of what we consider to be great literature requires great foreknowledge and insight into history to grasp fully, most readers of literature do not possess this kind of education, but it does not bar these works from being important or artistically moving. The criticisms of Pound stem from a failure in preparation; most readers could no more relate the myth of Atys correctly than they could give a biography of Bertrand de Born. Pound’s poems are accessible, but they require of the reader a willingness to learn and a patience for the occasionally difficult but ultimately rewarding. 

Pound’s meter and language are also occasionally difficult and often unfamiliar. One can see the influence of the modern in his work. The influence is not as overt as Mr. Scott-James describes: "W. E. Henley, Kipling, Chatterton, and especially Walt Whitman"—it is difficult to read Walt Whitman in Pound’s work. One can see at least two influences,  Yeats and Browning. Yeats’ vocabulary and attitude in "La Fraisne," are evident in "Personae:” 
I wrapped my tears in an ellum leaf And left them under a stone, And now men call me mad because I have thrown All folly from me, putting it aside To leave the old barren ways of men ... 
Mr. Pound has often proclaimed an appreciation for Browning (see "Mesmerism" in "Personae"); Browning’s influence appears in "Cino" and "Famam Librosque Cano." Though he is clearly influenced by other poets, Pound’s true worth lies not in his homage, but in the variety and uniqueness of his meters and forms. 

Ezra Pound’s work has been labled vers libre in English, for better or for worse. Also called “free,” the term loosely groups a wide range of styles and products.  His use of this form is explained by his position that poets should use the materials they are given.  When one has the appropriate material for a sonnet, one should craft a sonnet, but this only very rarely occurs.  Pound’s influence on this form is so great that until very recently it was difficult, if not impossible to get free verse printed in any periodical except those in which Pound had influence. It is because of Pound’s quality and devotion that it is now possible to publish free verse of nearly any quality in almost any American magazine.
