Pound is not one of those poets who are not asking the reader and the casual reader verse, disconcerted by the difference between poetry Pound and his taste has been trained, the attributes of its own problems with excessive scholarship portion of the author. "This," he said some of the poems in the form of Provence or issues of Provence, the archeology, but requires a knowledge of its reader, and true poetry does not require such knowledge. " But to display knowledge is not the same as expected by the reader, and this kind of book entirely free of pedantry. He is actually one of the wisest of poets. In the United States had taken up the study of Romance languages with the intent to teach. After working in Spain and Italy, after pursuing the Provencal verb from Milan to Freiburg, he deserted the thesis on Lope de Vega and the Ph.D. and chair, and decided to stay in Europe. Mr. Pound has spoken his mind from time to time on the issue scholarships in American universities, its deadness its isolation from the real appreciation, and life skills of creative writing. He has always been willing to fight against pedantry. As for their own learning, has studied poetry carefully, and made use of his studio in his own verse. "Personae" and "exultations" show his talent for turning his studies on the account. Was supersaturated in Provence, had gone for most of the country and the lives of the courts where the troubadours overcrowding was a part of his life for him. But even if the "persons" and "exultations" do something exactly the reader that does not require knowledge of Provence or Italian or Spanish. Very few people know the Arthur legends well, or even Malory (if they did they might realize that the idylls of the king is almost more important than a parody or a "Chaucer told for children"), but no one accuses Tennyson require footnotes or arrogance towards unskilled . The difference is only in what people are willing to, most readers could relate more to the myth of Atys correctly than they could give a biography of Bertrand de Born. It is no exaggeration to say that no poem in these volumes of Mr. Pound which require fuller explanation than he gives himself. What poems need a trained ear, or at least willing to be trained.

The gauges and the use of language is unfamiliar. There are certain features of modern influence. We can not agree with Mr. James Scott, that among these are "WE Henley, Kipling, Chatterton, and especially Walt Whitman" - least of all Walt Whitman. There are probably only two Yeats and Browning. Yeats in "Fraisne" of "persons", for example in attitude and somewhat in the vocabulary

I wrapped my tears in a sheet Ellum and left under a stone, and now men call me crazy because I have thrown All folly from me, that you push to let the old habits of infertile men ...

For Browning, Mr. Pound always stated strong admiration (see "Mesmerism" in "persons"), no trace of him in "Cino" and "Famam Librosque Cano" in the same volume. But it is more profitable to comment on the many meters and the original use of language.

Ezra Pound is generated with free verse in English, with all its vices and virtues. The term is a loose one - any verse is called "free" of people whose ears are not accustomed to it - second, Pound's use of this medium has shown restraint by the artist and his belief in it as a vehicle not of a fanatic. He has even said that when you have the right material for a sonnet, you need sonnet form, but which rarely happens to a poet to be in possession of only block things that can be modeled entirely in the sonnet. It is true that until recently was impossible to get free verse published in a newspaper, except those in which Pound had influence, and it is now possible to print free verse (second, third or tenth grade) in nearly all U.S. magazine.
