So I ate the lunch I had brought with me, hoping that it
was what I wanted; but it was chilly, made up of sandwiches and pears, and it had to be eaten
under a tree at the edge of a field; and it was November, and the mist was thicker than ever
and very wet--the grass was wet with it, the gaunt tree was wet with it, I was wet with it,
and the sandwiches were wet with it. Nobody's spirits can keep up under such conditions; and
as I ate the soaked sandwiches, I deplored the headlong courage more with each mouthful that
had torn me from a warm, dry home where I was appreciated, and had brought me first to the
damp tree in the damp field, and when I had finished my lunch and dessert of cold pears, was
going to drag me into the midst of a circle of unprepared and astonished cousins. Vast sheep
loomed through the mist a few yards off. The sheep dog kept up a perpetual, irritating yap.
In the fog I could hardly tell where I was, though I knew I must have played there a hundred
times as a child. After the fashion of woman directly she is not perfectly warm and perfectly
comfortable, I began to consider the uncertainty of human life, and to shake my head in gloomy
approval as lugubrious lines of pessimistic poetry suggested themselves to my mind.

Now it is clearly a desirable plan, if you want to do anything, to do it in the way consecrated
by custom, more especially if you are a woman. The rattle of a carriage along the road just
behind me, and the fact that I started and turned suddenly hot, drove this truth home to my
soul. The mist hid me, and the carriage, no doubt full of cousins, drove on in the direction
of the house; but what an absurd position I was in! Suppose the kindly mist had lifted, and
revealed me lunching in the wet on their property, the cousin of the short and lofty letters,
the unangenehme Elisabeth! "Die war doch immer verdreht," I could imagine them hastily muttering
to each other, before advancing wreathed in welcoming smiles. It gave me a great shock, this
narrow escape, and I got on to my feet quickly, and burying the remains of my lunch under the
gigantic molehill on which I had been sitting, asked myself nervously what I proposed to do
next. Should I walk back to the village, go to the Gasthof, write a letter craving permission
to call on my cousins, and wait there till an answer came? It would be a discreet and sober
course to pursue; the next best thing to having written before leaving home. But the Gasthof
of a north German village is a dreadful place, and the remembrance of one in which I had taken
refuge once from a thunderstorm was still so vivid that nature itself cried out against this
plan. The mist, if anything, was growing denser. I knew every path and gate in the place. What
if I gave up all hope of seeing the house, and went through the little door in the wall at
the bottom of the garden, and confined myself for this once to that? In such weather I would
be able to wander round as I pleased, without the least risk of being seen by or meeting any
cousins, and it was after all the garden that lay nearest my heart. What a delight it would
be to creep into it unobserved, and revisit all the corners I so well remembered, and slip
out again and get away safely without any need of explanations, assurances, protestations,
displays of affection, without any need, in a word, of that exhausting form of conversation,
so dear to relations, known as Redensarten! The mist tempted me. I think if it had been a fine
day I would have gone soberly to the Gasthof and written the conciliatory letter; but the temptation
was too great, it was altogether irresistible, and in ten minutes I had found the gate, opened
it with some difficulty, and was standing with a beating heart in the garden of my childhood.

Now I wonder whether I shall ever again feel thrills of the same potency as those that ran
through me at that moment. First of all I was trespassing, which is in itself thrilling; but
how much more thrilling when you are trespassing on what might just as well have been your
own ground, on what actually was for years your own ground, and when you are in deadly peril
of seeing the rightful owners, whom you have never met, but with whom you have quarrelled,
appear round the corner, and of hearing them remark with an inquiring and awful politeness
"I do not think I have the pleasure--?" Then the place was unchanged. I was standing in the
same mysterious tangle of damp little paths that had always been just there; they curled away
on either side among the shrubs, with the brown tracks of recent footsteps in the centre of
their green stains, just as they did in my day. The overgrown lilac bushes still met above
my head.
