So I ate the midday serving of food I had conveyed with me, wanting that it was what I wanted; but it was chilly, made up of sandwiches and pears, and it had to be consumed under a tree at the for demonstration of a field; and it was November, and the mist was wider than ever and very wet--the lawn was damp with it, the gaunt tree was damp with it, I was damp with it, and the sandwiches were damp with it. Nobody's spirits can hold up under such conditions; and as I ate the soaked sandwiches, I deplored the headlong bravery more with each mouthful that had tattered me from a moderately hot, dry dwelling where I was treasured, and had conveyed me first to the moist tree in the moist area, and when I had completed my midday serving of food and dessert of freezing pears, was going to pull me into the midst of a around of unprepared and astonished cousins. Vast sheep loomed through the mist a couple of backyards off. The sheep dog kept up a perpetual, annoying yap. In the fog I could barely notify where I was, though I knew I should have performed there a century times as a child. After the latest tendency of woman exactly she is not flawlessly moderately hot and flawlessly snug, I started to address the doubt of human life, and to agitate my head in gloomy acceptance as lugubrious lines of pessimistic verse proposed themselves to my mind. 

Now it is apparently a attractive design, if you desire to manage any thing, to manage it in the way consecrated by made-to-order, more particularly if you are a woman. The rattle of a carriage along the street just behind me, and the detail that I begun and turned abruptly warm, motored this reality dwelling to my soul. The mist hid me, and the carriage, no question full of kin, motored on in the main heading of the house; but what an absurd place I was in! Suppose the caringly mist had hoisted, and disclosed me lunching in the damp on their house, the kin of the short and lofty notes, the unangenehme Elisabeth! "Die conflict doch immer verdreht," I could envisage them hurriedly muttering to each other, before accelerating wreathed in welcoming smiles. It provided me a large frightening, this slender get away, and I got on to my feet rapidly, and entombing the continues of my midday serving of food under the gigantic molehill on which I had been seated, inquired myself tensely what I suggested to manage next. Should I stroll back to the town, proceed to the Gasthof, compose a note craving consent to call on my kin, and delay there till an response came- It would be a discreet and sober course to pursue; the next best thing to having in writing before departing home. But the Gasthof of a north German town is a awful location, and the remembrance of one in which I had taken refuge one time from a thunderstorm was still so vivid that environment itself bawled out contrary to this plan. The mist, if any thing, was increasing denser. I knew every route and barrier in the place. What if I provided up all wish of glimpsing the dwelling, and went through the little doorway in the partition at the base of the flower bed, and confined myself for this one time to that- In such climate I would be adept to ramble around as I satisfied, without the smallest risk of being glimpsed by or gathering any kin, and it was after all the flower bed that lay closest my heart. What a great delight it would be to creep into it unobserved, and revisit all the bends I so well recalled, and fall out afresh and get away securely without any require of interpretations, promises, protestations, exhibitions of fondness, without any require, in a phrase, of that tiring pattern of dialogue, so costly to relatives, renowned as Redensarten! The mist tempted me. I believe if it had been a fine day I would have gone soberly to the Gasthof and in writing the conciliatory letter; but the lure was too large, it was entirely irresistible, and in 10 minutes I had discovered the barrier, opened it with some adversity, and was standing with a drubbing heart in the flower bed of my childhood. 

Now I marvel if I will ever afresh seem thrills of the identical potency as those that ran through me at that moment. First of all I was trespassing, which is in itself thrilling; but how much more thrilling when you are trespassing on what might just as well have been your own ground, on what really was for years your own ground, and when you are in dangerous peril of glimpsing the rightful proprietors, who you have not ever contacted, but with who you have quarrelled, emerge around the corner, and of hearing them comment with an inquiring and alarming politeness "I manage not believe I have the pleasure---" Then the location was unchanged. I was standing in the identical secret tangle of moist little routes that had habitually been just there; they entwined away on either edge amidst the shrubs, with the dark pathways of latest footsteps in the centre of their green stains, just as they did in my day. The overgrown lilac bushes still contacted overhead my head.
