I hoped that the lunch I brought was what I wanted,  made up of sandwiches and pears, but it was a cold November day and had to be eaten at the edge of the field under a tree. The mist was thicker than it had ever been, and the grass and tree was wet from it. Nobody would have been able to keep their spirits up in weather like this. As I ate the soaked sandwiches , I contemplated and detested the motivations that had brought me here, and after I finished my lunch, to a circle of surprised cousins. I could see countless sheep in the fields through the mist. The sheep dog was irritatingly noisy. I could hardly tell where I was through the fog, even though I'd been here hundreds of times as a child. I gloomily contemplated how uncertain life is. To follow custom  is generally the most desirable plan, especially for a woman. A carriage began coming my way, and I assumed it was full of cousins. Eating my lunch on their property was not the position they should have seen me in, and I worried that the mist may have lifted. I unpleasantly imagined their shocked expressions as they came to find me. So, I ran, hiding my lunch under a molehill. I didn't know what to do. I figured that I could walk into the city and write them a letter. It would have been better had I written it before leaving home, though. The village was a dreadful place, and I wasn't too fond of the idea of going. The mist was growing more dense, and I figured I could hide on their property without being discovered. It was tempting, and had the weather been better, I probably would have gone into the village, so I stayed. This was the garden of my childhood.
My heart had never beat this fast before. Firstly, I was trespassing, but even more thrilling was knowing that this place might as well have been my own. The place hadn't changed since I was a child. All around me were the paths I remembered, untouched by time. The same shrubs, the same trees, footsteps imprinted into the dirt just as they had always been. The overgrown bushes still rose above my head.
