As I started eating the lunch that I had brought with me I felt miserable. It was November, misty, wet and cold. Every thing was wet and there was nothing to cheer me. With every bite of the cold sandwich, my regret for leaving the comforts of a cozy home increased. Through the mist I could make out the sheep in the field. The sheep dogs were barking constantly. I felt lost in the mist even though I knew that this was the field I had played in as a child. I could only shake my head in sadness. And the situation brought to my mind the lines of a pessimistic poetry that seemed so appropriate for fix I found myself in.

Convention requires a woman to behave in a particular manner. I heard a carriage pass by while I was pondering on what was best to do. The mist hid me from view and I was spared the embarrassment of being spotted in the wet and the damp. I was sure that the carriage will be full of my cousins who will not be inclined to give me a hearty and spontaneous welcome. I quickly got rid of the remains of my awful, wet lunch and took stock of my options. I could go to the Gasthof in the village, write to my cousins inviting myself to visit them and wait for a reply. I should have done this before I left home. It is better late than never, as the saying goes. But the thought of going to a Gasthof made me shudder because the village Gasthof in this part of Germany is simply awful. I remembered the terrible time when I had to take shelter in one of them during a thunderstorm. I just could not contemplate going to a Gasthof.

The mist was becoming increasingly dense. It was tempting to think that under the cover of the mist I could get into the garden through the small gate in the wall and roam about unseen and enjoy every bit of the garden that I once knew so well and loved dearly. I would not be seen by any of my cousins and I would be spared the tedium of contrived conversations. If it had been a clear sunny day, I would have had no option but to follow custom and go to the Gasthof., write a nice letter and wait decorously for an invitation to visit my cousins. But the concealment that the mist offered for a sneaky entry into the garden was so overwhelmingly tempting that I lost no time finding the little gate and getting into the garden. How my heart beat with the thrill of being in the garden that was part of my childhood!

It was a thrill that will never be matched by anything that might ever happen to me again in my lifetime. I was actually trespassing. True, the place once belonged to me. But it was now in the hands of relations I had not met and with whom I had quarreled. What if someone appeared suddenly and questioned me? It was both a terrifying and an exciting thought.

But the place had not changed one bit. Everything was just as it used to be. Even the lilac bushes arched over one’s head just as they used to do in the years past.
