Weygand and Gerock who were the pastors of Dutch and German congregations disturbed the partial reconciliation that was effected by Muehlenberg between the two. Weygand who died in 1770, was succeeded by Hausihl (or Houseal, as he spelt in later years), a native of Heilbronn,.  He had served congregations in Maryland and in eastern Pennsylvania. He was reported to be a brilliant preacher of special looks and manners, who also excelled in maintaining a large congregation. 
Regarding language there was a serious change taking place in the church.  In 1750 the Germans came to the Broadway church in eight to one ratio with the Dutch, eventually marking the end of Dutch language in the Lutheran Church of New York.  Houseal got the chance to conduct the obsequies at the preparatory service on Saturday, November 30, 1771,  and at Lord’s supper the next day. 

The language difficulties did not end with that, but new combatants sprang up in the persons of the children of both parties, who did not speak either Dutch or German and demanded larger consideration of English which they understood.  Hostilities for another generation were postponed by some other events impending on them, like the fire in1776, which destroyed the church on Broadway.  Scotch Presbyterian Church on Cedar Street was the place of worship for a time. 

When the American Revolution broke out, our ancestors differed on political questions. Some of them supported George the Third, others spoke for George Washington.   In this way they were more like the inhabitants of New York. Frederick Muehlenberg, the pastor of the Swamp Church, who was an ardent patriot fled to Pennsylvania. 
The chaplains of the Hessian troops were conducting the services.  They were pious people, so the financial position of the church improved greatly during this time.  Houseal, a tory, founded a Lutheran church in Halifax. 

Since there were no pastors, tribulations have softened the spirits of the two opposing congregations.  Dr. Johann Christoph Kunze became pastor of the reunited congregations, worshiping in the Swamp church.  Frederick Muehlenberg, the former pastor of the Swamp Church who fled from New York, cannot be blamed for it, since he was threatened by the British. He was called up on to join politics in Pennylvania.  He was a member of the Continental Congress, a member of the legislature of Pennsylvania and Speaker of the Assembly, and also President of the Convention which endorsed the Constitution of the United States. 

He left New York in A.D. 1789.   New York was in the recovery from the disastrous years of Revolution during which the British troops occupied it.   There was a fluctuation in the population.  The inauguration of the first President of the American Republic, made people get ready to celebrate.  Great men attended the ceremony.
