
The partial reconciliation that had been brought about by Muehlenberg between the Dutch and
the German congregations was occasionally disturbed by a pamphletary warfare conducted by their
respective pastors, Weygand and Gerock.

Weygand died in 1770. He was succeeded by Hausihl (or Houseal, as he spelled his name in later
years), a native of Heilbronn, who had served congregations in Maryland and in eastern Pennsylvania.
Tradition reports that he was a brilliant preacher of distinguished appearance and of courtly
manners. He succeeded in maintaining a large congregation.

But a serious change was going on in the church in the matter of language. In spite of the
secession in 1750 other Germans kept coming into the Broadway church to such an extent that
they outnumbered the Dutch eight to one, and finally the use of the Dutch language in the Lutheran
Church of New York came to an end. Houseal had the distinction of conducting the obsequies
at the preparatory service on Saturday, November 30, 1771, and at the administration of the
Lord's Supper on the following day.

But the death of the Dutch language by no means put an end to the language difficulties of
our Lutheran ancestors. In the midst of the original contestants a new set of combatants had
sprung up in the persons of the children of both parties. These spoke neither Dutch nor German.
They understood English only and demanded larger consideration of their needs.

Events, however, were impending which soon gave the people something else to think about and
caused a postponement of actual hostilities for another generation.

The church on Broadway was destroyed by fire in 1776, and was never rebuilt. The congregation
worshipped for a time in the Scotch Presbyterian Church on Cedar Street.

The American Revolution broke out. On political questions our ancestors differed almost as
widely as do their successors on synodical questions. Some of them were for George the Third,
others were for George Washington. In this respect, however, they were not unlike other inhabitants
of New York.

Frederick Muehlenberg, the pastor of the Swamp Church, was an ardent patriot. At the beginning
of the war, as we have seen, he fled to Pennsylvania.

During the war the services were conducted by the chaplains of the Hessian troops. The Hessians
were good church-goers and also generous contributors, so that the financial condition of the
congregation at this time was greatly improved.

Houseal, the pastor of Trinity Church, was a tory, and when in 1783 the American troops marched
into New York, he with a goodly number of his adherents removed to Nova Scotia and founded
a Lutheran church in Halifax.

Both churches were now without pastors. Tribulation must have softened the spirits of the two
contending congregations, for when Dr. Johann Christoph Kunze came to this city from Philadelphia
in 1784, he became pastor of the reunited congregations, worshipping in the Swamp Church.

Before closing this chapter and taking up the account of Kunze's pastorate, let us follow the
steps of Frederick Muehlenberg, the former pastor of the Swamp Church. We recall his unceremonious
flight from New York. We cannot blame him. The British had threatened to hang him if they caught
him.

We remember too that in Pennsylvania he was called upon to take an active part in political
affairs. He was a member of the Continental Congress, also a member of the legislature of Pennsylvania
and Speaker of the Assembly. He was President of the Convention which ratified the Constitution
of the United States.

Thirteen years have passed since he left New York. It is A. D. 1789. New York was just beginning
to recover from the disastrous years of the Revolution during which the British troops occupied
the city. The population had sunk from 20,000 to 10,000 in 1783, but by this time had risen
again to 30,000. The people were getting ready to celebrate the greatest event in the history
of the city, the inauguration of the first President of the American Republic. Preparations
were made to honor the occasion with all possible ceremony. Great men had gathered from all
parts of the country.
