The Duch pastor, Weygand and the German pastor, Gerock were often inducing their congragations to pick up war in between and Muehlenberg brought them into partial unity.

      Hausihl, native of Heilbonn, who was spelling his name as Houseal, afterwards,was serving the religious worshippers at Maryland and Pennsylvania after the death of Weygand in the year 1770.  He was famous for his sermons as he was intellectually talented, and for the identical sight with native style.   Thereby he could increase the gathering in the church.

       How ever there was a turmoil in the church regarding language.  Though the Germans had the victory, in 1750,they continued to come to the Broadway church and their popuplation increased as 8:1 compared to Duch and the uasage of Duch language came to an end at the Lutheran Church of New York. On Saturday, 30th of November, 1771 Houseal had the previlage of preparatory service on funeral rites at the administration of the Lord's Supper, next day.

       The Duch Language was diminishing away but it was not taking off the difficulties of Lutheran, old generation.   During this renaisance period a new demanding generation emerged, who had no language disparities.   They knew only English and had a lot of demands  and needs to be met.
       
       However the incidents happening around, were carrying them off from the rivalries to new visions and thoughts of a new generation.

       The Church on Broadway was ruined by fire and was never built again.  So the religious people gathered at the Scotch Presbyterian Church at Cedar street for a short period.

       This was the time during which the American Revolution began and the oldies disparities widened and forming again into two groups, one supporting George the Third and the second one supporting George Washington.   However, they were indifferent from other dwellers at New York.

       Frederick Muehlenberg was a passionate politician and pastor of Swamp Church.   He had to run away and escape to Pennsylvania at the out burst of American War.

       The Chaplains of the Hessian troops were offering the services as they were  keeping good faith and benevolent and  supporting poor and so there was a greate deal of improvement in the congragation.

       In 1783, The American troops marched into New York and Houseal, who was the Pastor of Trinity Church taken away all his belivers to Nova Scotia and established a Lutheran Church in Halifax.

       Therewere no pastors in both churches and the commotion among the two congrations were erradicated by Dr.Johann Christoph Kunze who came from Philadelphia in 1784.  The worship was made at the Swamp Church and he was famous for bringing unity among these two rebels.

        The former pastor, Frederick Muehlenberg, of Swamp Church, had to run away from New York as British was heading for him to be caught and hanged.   Also he was asked to take an effective role in politics and he was a member of Continental Congress, member of legislature of Pennsylvania and Speaker of Assembly. He was President of the convention which converted the Constitution of the United States.

      He left New York in A.D.1789 and the city just started to recover from the damages of caused during Revolution as the British troops were occupying the city. In the year, 1783 the population was reduced to 10,000 from 20,000 and later increased to 30,000 in the following years.  So famous men had arrived to the city from all over to celebrate the inauguration of the first President of American Republic.
