Tell the story of Æneas and Dido.
4. What myth is alluded to in 'his word is more than the miraculous harp'? 5. Gonzalo's Commonwealth--its
origin from Montaigne. It is commonly supposed that Shakespeare must have borrowed this reference
from the translation. He may have taken it directly from the French. 6. Show the bearing of
Sebastian's phrase, 'I am standing water,' with its context. (That is, at the turn of the tide
between ebb and full.) 7. 'The man i' the moon,' and the folk-lore about it. 8. Natural history
on the island. (Poet-Lore, April, 1894. Notes and News).

QUERY FOR DISCUSSION

Is it a defect in the action of the play that the danger arising from the most important counter-plot
is allayed so soon?

ACT III

NEW PLOTS AGAINST PROSPERO

What new turns are given events in Act III? Scene i continues Ferdinand's love-making, and
shows no hinddrances there to Prospero's plans; but scene ii develops Caliban's plot, and scene
iii shows Sebastian and Antonio making ready to carry out the purpose which had at first been
defeated. Give an account of the scene in Act II which leads up to this plot in connection
with its sequel in this act. Ariel is baffled in his attempts to breed contention between the
conspirators by Trinculo's good nature, but finally he leads them off with his music. Scene
iii represents Alonzo and his courtiers bewildered and tired by their fruitless tramps through
the island, and in just the temper to be confused by the dumb-show and the harpies. Note the
dependence placed, throughout 'The Tempest,' on the effect of 'solemn and strange music.' Antonio's
plot, being resumed, is blocked by Ariel's magic show and his accusation. Note how the supernatural
quality of the scene makes his speech affect their consciences as if they were themselves accusing
themselves, and how it drives them into mental disorder. Dr. Bucknill, a specialist in brain
disease, who has commented on Shakespeare's knowledge of such maladies, explains that Alonzo's
frenzy leads him by an imaginative melancholy to the idea of suicide, while the madness of
Antonio and Sebastian expresses itself in the idea of desperate fight.

POINTS. 1. What is a 'catch,' a 'tabor'? Give an account  of the music in the play, and show
the fitness of its different effects on the different characters. 2. Explain the allusions,
'unicorns,' 'one tree, the Phoenix throne,' 'mountaineers,' with 'wallets of flesh,' etc. 3.
What is a harpy? Give an account of the mention of harpies in Virgil (Æneid, Book III), and
'Paradise Regained' (Book II). What appropriateness to the purpose in this 'quaint device'?

QUERY FOR DISCUSSION

Do the counter-plots introduced in this act mainly affect events or character?

ACT IV

THE CONFUSION OF THE PLOTTERS

Show how the story of Act IV consists in the smoothing down of all that disturbs Prospero's
designs, and foreshadows the complete reconciliation of the last act. The lovers, whose readiness
to fall in with Prospero's plan has made his task light so far as they are concerned, could
only imperil his and their future by a premature union; and Ferdinand, having stood the test
of hard work, is now induced, by an awed and holy mood, produced by art, to keep his good resolutions.
Describe the mask, and show its meaning and fitness for Prospero's purposes. Why is Prospero
so disturbed at the reminder of so paltry a plot as that of Caliban and his associates? Is
it likely that these drunken fellows could frame any plot that would be but as gossamer before
his art? Is it natural that so low a creature as Caliban should show more intelligence than
Stephano and Trinculo in disregarding Ariel's 'stale' set to catch them? How do you explain
his superior caution? Describe the device employed by Prospero and Ariel to rout these plotters.
Would it be effective on an English stage?

POINTS. 1. Explanation of classical allusions. 'Hymen's lamps,' 'Phoebus' steeds,' Ceres, Iris,
Juno, etc.; 'dusky Dis,' 'Paphos,' etc. 2. The botany of Act IV. What is 'stover,' 'furze,'
gorse? 3. Was Prospero's 'line' a lime-tree or a clothes-line? 4. Explanation of the jokes
of the act. 5. Natural history on the island again: the 'blind mole,' 'barnacles,' 'apes,'
'pard,' etc.

QUERY FOR DISCUSSION

Why is the punishment devised for the lesser plotters corporal and for the greater ones psychical?

ACT V

PROSPERO'S TRIUMPH

Sum up the results consummated by Prospero's magic. Note Gonzalo's account of the play, and
show the ethical results, and Ariel's part in Prospero's course of reconciliation. Explain
how, if Prospero had regained his dukedom, and yet, if 'all of us,' as Gonzalo says, had not
found ourselves, the triumph would have been material, not ethical.
