It tells the story of Aeneas and Dido. 4. What myth refers to "his word is more than the miraculous harp? 5. Gonzalo Commonwealth - its origin from Montaigne. A common assumption that Shakespeare must have taken this reference from the translation. He could have taken directly from the French. 6. Show bearing the words of Sebastian, "I am standing water, with its context. (That is, at the turn of the tide between flow and complete.) 7. 'The man I' moon ', and the folklore of it. 8. Natural history of the island. (Poet-Lore, April, 1894. Notes and news). 
QUESTION FOR DEBATE 

Is it a defect in the action of the play that the danger of the most important counter-argument is dissipated so quickly?

ACT III 

NEW conspiracies against PROSPERO 

What is new are given the events in Act III? Scene i love continues to Fernando, and shows no plans hinddrances not Prospero, but ii scene is a plot of Caliban, and iii scene shows Antonio Sebastian and preparing to carry out the purpose for which they were initially defeated. To account for the scene in Act II, which leads to this argument in connection with its sequel in this event. Ariel is confused in its attempts to breed discord among the conspirators Trinculo good by nature, but finally takes off with his music. Scene III represents Alonzo and his courtiers confused and tired from their fruitless wandering through the island, and in just the temperament to be confused by the pantomime and the Harpies. Consider the reliance placed, through 'The Tempest', the effect of "solemn and strange music. Plot of Antonio, which resumed, is blocked by Ariel's magic show and his indictment. Consider how to improve the supernatural quality of the scene makes his speech affect their consciences as if they themselves are accused, and how they are promoted in mental disorder. Dr. Bucknill, a specialist in diseases of the brain, which has commented on Shakespeare's knowledge of such diseases, said that frenzy Alonso takes a melancholy imaginative idea of suicide, while the folly of Antonio and Sebastian stated in the idea of desperate struggle. 

POINTS. 1. What is a 'catch' a 'drum? Give an account of music in the work, and demonstrate the adequacy of their different effects on different characters. 2. Explain the allusions, "Unicorns," "a tree, the throne of the Phoenix ',' mountain climbers 'with' bags of meat", etc 3. What is a vixen? To account for the mention of harpies in Virgil (Aeneid, Book III), and "Paradise Regained" (Book II). What is not appropriate for the purpose of this quaint device "? 

QUESTION FOR DEBATE 

Are counter-plots introduced in this act mainly affect the events or character? 

ACT IV 

THE CONFUSION OF THE PLOTTERS 

Show how the history of Act IV consists of all that disturbs smooth patterns of Prospero, and announces the complete reconciliation of the last act. The lovers, whose willingness to agree to the plan of Prospero has made his work light so far as they are concerned, could only threaten his and his future by early marriage, and Fernando, after stood the test of hard work, is now induced a state of awe and holy spirit, produced by art, to keep your good resolutions. Describe the mask and show their respect and their suitability for the purposes of Prospero. Why is Prospero so disturbed the memory of a parcel as small as that of Caliban and his associates? Is it likely that these types drunks could frame any frame that would be but as gauze before his art? Is it natural that a creature as low as Caliban should show more intelligence than Stephano and Trinculo to disengage "from Ariel stale 'set to catch them? What explains their caution superior? Describe the device used by Prospero and Ariel to defeat these conspirators. Would it be effective in an English stage? 

POINTS. 1. Explanation of classical allusions. "Hymen of lamps", "Phoebus' steeds, 'Ceres, Iris, Juno, etc' dark Dis", "Paphos", etc. 2. The botany of the Law IV. What is "stubble", "broom", gorse? 3. Was 'Happy Online' a lime or a clothing line? 4. Explanation of the jokes of the act. 5. Natural History blind mole on the island again: "," lapas "," monkeys "," brown ", etc. 

QUESTION FOR DEBATE 

Why is the punishment provided for the conspirators and lower body for more psychic? 

ACT V 

Prospero TRIUMPH 

Sum the results accomplished by Prospero's magic. Note Gonzalo account of the work, and display the results ethical, and part of Ariel in Prospero's time for reconciliation. Explain how, if Prospero had recovered his duchy and yet, if 'all of us', says Gonzalo, we had not found, the victory would have been material, not ethics.
