Permission to inspect the famous graves is rarely given. A lawsuit in the last century tried to recover the chapel for the parishioners of Arundel, but was ineffective due to the fact that the chapel was originally the Council of the Holy Trinity, founded in 1380 by Richard Fitz-Alan, what about owners in the solution. The chapel of the Virgin retains its ancient stone altar with the consecration crosses, and above a window with some fragments of stained glass. In the center is the tomb of the sixteenth Earl (1421) and a modern tomb of Lord Henry Howard. An interesting series of brass can also be seen. The main part of the chapel are the most famous tombs, the effigies to be very interesting studies of the state dress of various periods. Thomas Earl and his Countess, daughter of King John of Portugal (1415) occupy the center, the others being Earl John (1435) under the Eastern Arc. William, nineteenth Earl (1488), in a chapel on the south side. In the north are Thomas (1524) and William (1544). A tablet over Earl William chapel in memory of the past Fitz-Alan, Earl Henry (1580). 
The fine parish church is separated by a wall of the chancel screen. Data from 1380 and now consists of nave and transepts, the space beneath the tower is used as the chorus. An old pulpit canopy is placed against the south-west pier. On the north side are the frescoes of the seven deadly sins and seven works of mercy. The sample modern altar decorated with great effect against the curious arrangement of the grid iron and brick forming the wall of the screen. The church was once linked to the Monastery of Seez in Normandy. 

The magnificent modern Roman Catholic Church of St. Philip Neri is open to visitors between services. It is built in pure Gothic style of decoration and has already cost over a hundred thousand pounds. Notice before entering the statues of the Twelve Apostles at the west end below the fine "rose" window. Upon entering, the effect of the imposition of the grouped columns and beautiful apse you can admire. Unlike most Roman churches there is very little color on the screen, the Stations of the Cross "is bas-reliefs on the corridor walls. The subject dyes still shine in the windows help set the overall effects dignity. 

In the lower part of the city, the few remains of the Maison Dieu show the position of this retreat, founded by Count Richard, who built the church, the house provided for the twenty inmates. The pillars of the bridge were built Arun outside the ruins in 1742. 

The park is probably the most successful of the monuments of Arundel to the average visitor, who is here allowed to roam wherever. The road passes under the castle to the right should be taken as far as a small door on the left, by the mill, entering we immediately see that the Swanbourne Lake in all its beauty. 

"The factory is located below the castle, on the east side, the current head of the former Swanbourne lake discharges into the river, and probably takes the place of the original building mentioned in Domesday. Perhaps all wonderful places near Arundel, none has the real beauty more than that. The valley in front, the shadow of the willows and ash trees that adorn the small islands of the lake, and winding their way in the distance between the hills, the castle project audacity eminence on the left, in the rugged acclivities each hand, wearing his summit with trees, lush forests ... provide a table whose presence the course of the centuries is easily forgotten. "(Tierney.) 

The charm of the spot is in no way ruins, the most obvious would be careful to maintain the perfect environment, but allows hikers where they want, no pieces of paper and broken bottles, efficient service to "clarify" that is work in the early hours of the morning, which is the right time to see the park. The visitor must walk left and up Hiorne Tower Hill, from which a magnificent view of the Arun Valley and the surrounding Downs is to be had.
