Permission to inspect the famous tombs is rarely given. A lawsuit in the last century
attempted the recovery of the chancel for the parishioners of Arundel, but was ineffectual
owing to the fact that the chapel was originally that of the college of Holy Trinity, founded
in 1380 by Richard Fitz-Alan; this passed to its present possessors at the Dissolution. The
Lady Chapel retains its old altar stone with consecration crosses, and above is a window with
some fragments of stained glass. In the centre is the tomb of the sixteenth Earl (1421) and
a modern tomb of Lord Henry Howard. A number of interesting brasses may also be seen. The main
portion of the chapel contains the more famous tombs, the effigies being highly interesting
studies of the state dress of various periods. Earl Thomas and his Countess, daughter of King
John of Portugal, (1415) occupy the centre; the others are Earl John (1435) under the east
arch. William, nineteenth Earl (1488), in a chantry on the south side. On the north are Thomas
(1524) and William (1544). A tablet over Earl William's chantry is in memory of the last Fitz-Alan,
Earl Henry (1580).

The fine parish church is separated from the chancel by a screen wall. It dates from 1380 and
now consists of nave and transepts, the space under the tower being used as the choir. An ancient
canopied pulpit is placed against the south-west pier. On the north side are frescoes of the
Seven Deadly Sins and the Seven Works of Mercy. The modern ornate reredos shows with great
effect against the curious arrangement of iron grill and bare brick which forms the screen
wall. The church was once attached to the Monastery of Seez in Normandy.

The magnificent modern Roman Catholic church of St. Philip Neri is open to visitors between
the services. It is built in the purest style of Decorated Gothic and has already cost over
one hundred thousand pounds. Notice, before entering, the statues of the Twelve Apostles at
the west end beneath the fine "rose" window. On entering, the imposing effect of the clustered
columns and beautiful apse will be admired. Unlike most Roman churches there is but little
colour displayed, the "Stations of the Cross" being bas-reliefs in the aisle walls. The subdued
yet glowing tints in the stained glass help the general effect of restrained dignity.

In the lower portion of the town, the scanty remains of Maison Dieu show the position of that
retreat, founded by Earl Richard, who built the church; the house provided for twenty inmates.
The piers of Arun bridge were built out of the ruins in 1742.

The park will probably prove the most satisfactory of the sights of Arundel to the ordinary
visitor, who is here allowed to wander where he will. The road passing under the castle to
the right should be taken as far as a small gate on the left, by the mill, entering which we
immediately see the Swanbourne Lake in all its beauty.

"The mill is situated beneath the castle, on the east side, at the head of the stream by which
the ancient Swanbourne Lake discharges itself into the river, and most probably occupies the
site of the original building mentioned in Domesday. Perhaps, of all the beautiful spots in
the neighbourhood of Arundel, none comprises more real beauty than this. The valley in front,
shaded by the willows and the ash which adorn the little islands of the lake, and winding its
way in the distance among the hills; the castle projecting boldly from the eminence on the
left; the steep acclivities on each hand, clothed to their summit with luxuriant forest trees
... present a scene in whose presence the lapse of centuries will be easily forgotten." (Tierney.)

The charm of the spot is not in any way spoilt, obvious care being taken to keep the surroundings
spotless; although picnickers are allowed where they will, here are no scraps of paper or broken
bottles, the efficient service of "clearing up" is at work in the early hours of the morning,
which is the right time to see the park. The visitor should continue round the left bank and
up the hill to Hiorne's Tower, from which a magnificent view of the Arun valley and the surrounding
Downs is to be had.
