It is never easy to get permission to see old tombs. Even lawsuits may not secure such permission. A case in point is the lawsuit to regain the chancel that belonged to the parish of Arundel. The lawsuit failed. The Chapel was founded by Earl Richard Fritz-Alan in 1380 for the College of Holy Trinity. There are many tombs of earls and countesses who lived in the 15th and 16th centuries. The effigies on the tombs are good illustrations of the style of dresses worn by aristocracy in these centuries. The brass tablets on these tombs are also very interesting.

This beautiful parish church that was at one time part of the Monastery of Seez in Normandy has an antique canopied pulpit. The choir sits under the tower. Frescos of the Seven Deadly sins and Seven Works of Mercy adorn the northern wall. The church is separated from the chancel by a screen wall made of iron grill and plain bricks.

Arundel has also the remnants of Maison Dieu, built by Earl Richard, who also built the church.  In those days the house accommodated twenty persons. The piers of Arun bridge were built from the ruins of this house.

Visitors are permitted to view the church of St. Philip Neri between the services. This is a very modern Roman Catholic Church, built in the decorative Gothic style at a cost of more than a hundred thousand pounds. One can see the statutes of the Twelve Apostles before entering the church. These are located in the west side under the beautiful ‘rose’ window. Inside the church, the clustered columns are awesome and the apse is magnificent. The “Stations of the Cross” are bas-reliefs on the wall. The glow from the pale tints of the lovely stained glass windows fills the viewer a sense of reverence. 

A visitor who wanders around in Arundel will find the park interesting. If you take the road that passes under the castle, and walk on though a small gate near the mill, you will be rewarded by the beautiful sight of the Swanbourne Lake. The mill itself is worth the walk. It is located at the top of the stream flowing out of the lake. There are islands in the lake which have willows and ash trees. The valley, the lake with its tree-covered islands, and the castle in the distance, offer a view that cannot be easily forgotten.  This is the most beautiful spot in Arundel. If you continue going around the lake and go up the Horn Tower you will have a breath taking view of the Arun Valley and the Downs.

All this natural beauty is maintained in all its grandeur. People are permitted to picnic in this scenic area but you will not find any rubbish left by them. This is because the cleaning crew, which arrives early in the morning, does an excellent job.
