The first sign of welcome, I admit, is far from cordial, and there is always the risk of falling into a trap cleverly stretched the game and foreigners, or be cleverly struck by a poisoned arrow, but a Once a meeting has been achieved without any serious consequences, it is not as difficult as it may be supposed to forward it to a parley, fear (fearful and) individual is amazed at the extraordinary event of the double is not killing yourself or not to have been killed himself, according to the law of reciprocity which is inviolable.

Under the impression this is very strange, it will not prevent resistance to a peaceful understanding and thereafter to ensure its friendship, he only needs a quick intuition of the superstitions of the poor creature , beliefs and sensitivity and a spirit of precaution against offend his vanity or childish in any way cause jealousy or mistrust.

When he is satisfied that the presence of his unwelcome guest brings him no harm, he will give his full confidence and self-protective accept you as a benevolent and powerful.

The dangers, I agree, are numerous and important, but more are those who watch a passenger armed. The wilderness can be terrified and overwhelmed by the massacres of civilization asserts its superiority tyrannical, but the poison of hatred came into his soul and he meditates and prepares an ambush that sooner or later, without fail, give him his revenge.

The use of brute force (which for me is a political mistake) is a considerable damage to the study of customs, beliefs, and psychological characteristics of people with whom we have contact, because they will be back on each inquiry or investigation, will be unwilling to answer or lying to you, which explains the conflicting reports as to the different passengers on the same tribe or race.

This dear reader, my belief is modest, their approach, it is also English, who are experts in all aspects of colonization.

* * * * *

My bags are packed there was nothing left for me to find carriers that would be useful for me, or as guides in the country of Sakais at least as an interpreter between me and the people.

Penang is populated predominantly by Malays, but many other breeds are represented, especially China and India. Without much difficulty I managed to retain the services of five carriers: a Malay, one Indian, Chinese, Siamese and a Sam-Sam, a boy completely. Together they formed a small Babel I congratulated myself would prove a great help in openings with Sakais.

All my disciples, with the exception of Sam-Sam, had faces that have graced the gallows and I am sure that Lombroso [2] have classified without hesitation as born criminals. But their faces did not prohibit the alarm because it is well known that the vilest villain becomes timid and servile face an unexpected danger, and I know that the fear of tigers, snakes, traps and poisoned arrows, the myriad mysteries of death, which contains the beautiful forest in the middle of countless trees, amid the confusion of his vines entwined in his thick soft foam and the rough would convert these ugly face , individuals tortuous magnanimous docile lambs. I knew that once they had entered a land, not knowing them, they will not abandon me, for the Oriental faith in the European Union and will follow where the latter's son, himself assigning rare qualities of courage and energy and a wonderful ability to overcome obstacles and difficult situations.

* * * * *

We left Penang on a coaster and a rise of the Perak River about 60 miles we reached the small town of Telok Anson, where we landed.

It was too early in the morning when we arrived for me to submit to British authority and local officials have not any way to interfere with my free pass, or submit to any kind of inquisitorial interrogations ( which in other colonies and protectorates in the other I had been obliged to submit) I gave orders for immediate departure that I wanted to start this March as soon as possible.

After dividing our load of provisions equally we crossed the Perak on a pier and a gialat "slamat" (bon voyage) the man on board, we are standing on the shore where my adventures have begun.

I was there, then, with my face turned to a new land, and a shiver of excitement filled me with joy.
