
The first welcome, I admit, is far from being cordial, and there is always the risk of falling
into a trap dexterously laid for big game and strangers or of being ably struck by a poisoned
dart, but once a meeting has been obtained without any serious consequences accruing, it is
not so difficult as it might be supposed to follow it up with a parley, for the feared (and
fearing) individual is dumbfounded at the extraordinary double event of either not having killed
you or of not having been killed himself, according to the law of reciprocity which for him
is inviolable.

Under the impression of this very strange fact he will not oppose resistance to a peaceable
understanding and afterwards in order to ensure his friendship there only needs a quick intuition
of the poor creature's superstitions, beliefs and susceptibilities and a spirit of precaution
against offending his puerile vanity or of in any way provoking jealousy or mistrust.

When he is persuaded that the presence of his undesired guest brings him no evil he will give
you his full confidence and spontaneously accept you as a benevolent and powerful protector.

The perils, I grant, are many and great, but greater still are those that lie in wait for an
armed traveller. The savage may be terrified and overpowered by the massacres with which civilization
asserts its tyrannical superiority but the venom of hatred has entered his soul and he meditates
and prepares an ambush which sooner or later, without fail, will give him his revenge.

The use of brutal force (that for me is a political error) is an enormous damage to the study
of the customs, beliefs, and psychological peculiarities of the people with whom we are in
contact, for they will back out of every enquiry or investigation, will either refuse to respond
or will tell you lies, and this accounts for the contradictory reports that different travellers
give about the same tribe or race.

This, kind reader, is my modest conviction as, from their method of proceeding, it is also
of the English, who are Masters in everything that concerns colonization.

       *       *       *       *       *

My baggage being ready it only remained for me to find some carriers who would be useful to
me, if not as guides to the country of the Sakais, at least as interpreters between me and
its inhabitants.

Penang is populated chiefly by Malays but numerous other races are represented there, especially
Chinese and Indians. Without much trouble I succeeded in engaging the services of five porters:
a Malay, an Indian, a Chinese, a Siamese and a Sam-Sam, quite a lad. Together they formed a
little Babel which I congratulated myself would prove of great help in making overtures with
the Sakais.

All my followers, with the exception of the Sam-Sam, had faces which would have graced the
gallows and I am sure that Lombroso[2] would have classified them without hesitation as born-criminals.
But their forbidding countenances did not alarm me as it is well known that the basest villain
becomes timid and servile when confronted by unexpected danger, and I was well aware that the
dread of tigers, snakes, traps and poisoned arrows, the thousand mysteries of Death which the
wonderful forest encloses amidst its countless trees, amongst the confusion of its thick interlaced
creepers and under its soft moss and long grass would have converted these ugly-faced, crooked-souled
individuals into docile lambs. I knew that once they had entered a land, to them not known,
they would not forsake me, for the Oriental has faith in the European and will follow whither
the latter leads, attributing to him rare qualities of courage and energy as well as a marvellous
ability in overcoming obstacles and getting out of difficult positions.

       *       *       *       *       *

We left Penang on a coasting steamer and after going up the River Perak for about 60 miles
we reached the little town of Telok Anson where we landed.

It was too early in the morning, when, we arrived for me to present myself to the British Authority
and as the local officials did not in the slightest way interfere with my free passage nor
subject me to any sort of inquisitorial interrogations (which in other colonies and under other
Protectorates I had been obliged to undergo) I gave orders for our immediate departure as I
was anxious to commence our march as soon as possible.

Having divided our load of provisions in equal parts we crossed the Perak on a pontoon and
with a "slamat gialat" (pleasant journey) from the man on board we found ourselves upon the
shores where my adventures had to begin.

I was there, then, with my face turned towards a new land, and a thrill of joyous emotion pervaded
me.
