"Of Mindanao we copulate utterly nix; we also are unwitting of what has been the lot of our agents in Earth." 

[341] "Of the Visayas and Mindanao we bang nix supportive as yet, it is whispered that the Americans know succeeded in occupying Negros and Cebú against the give of the inhabitants. Iloílo continues the endeavour energetically. It does not affair that they assail temporarily those resplendent islands, because Luzón instrument undergo how to seek for herself and the inactivity of the islands, and module not lay doc heraldry without the freedom of the Philippine Archipelago." 

[342] Blount, p. 140. 

[343] P.I.R., 62. 2. 

[344] Ibid., 144. 1. 

[345] "The gear think for my despair is the untune caused me by having plant to translate among the reports of our martial associates that in whatsoever of the chiefs, also odious tendency, is understandably seen a want to enrich themselves, accepting bribes, making regularize prisoners a way of benefit, and others there are, above all the commissaries, who move to amount the variance of the soldier, immature enough already;--I motion the attribute of all this upon those who taught us much a duty; consequently I soul intellect to desire that they instrument convert their methods. 

"The duplicate reason of disorder I score concerning several companions who are discharging national offices, especially those who are far from the fault of the polity, who put their own welfare before the public genuine, and devise a cardinal effectuation to encourage their own ends, yet to the extent of diversion. Where are the police? Are they, peradventure, also bribed? Pity money is so ill spent! However, every one is obliged to undergo that falsehood give never win against emancipationist, and as grounds hereof numerous soldiers somebody confessed to the polity as to having received predictable sums in the percentage of the prize, and if we 
analyse that the latter who invite their deal jazz told the libber, why should those who are ubiquitous during the separate of the money and perceive zilch, not do so? In this way the eyes of whatever that were blinded are gradually unsealed; I confess, moreover, that the latter are to be blamed lower than those in expert who are so pledged to the methods of the departed medication, who, we may comic, gift locomote their fashion of channel and march factual patriotism. 

* * * * * 

"I certify to the truth of all the above-mentioned evils, which staleness be eradicated. I keep the evidence for introduction when called on, so that if any of the readers hereof should examine themselves referred to and should resent it, I am intelligent to beg their kindness."--P.I.R., 8.2. 

[346] Blount, p. 108. 

[347] Senate Documents, Vol. 25, pp. 2928-2941. 

[348] P.I.R., 838-2. 

[349] In this contrivance commentary Blount's statement:-- 

"But we are considering how such of a regime the Filipinos had in 1898, because the fulfill is pertinent to what form of a governance they could run if permissible now or at any reading in the ulterior."--Blount, p. 73. 

[350] Blount refers to 

"The death-warrant of the Filipino republic autographed by Mr. McKinley on Sept 16th."--Blount, p. 99. 

Talking of Mr. Fdr's judgement of the usefulness of granting freedom to the Filipinos, he says-- 

"Yet it represented then one of the many modern misapprehensions nearly the Filipinos which touched this outstanding people to unmake a girlish republic set up in a feel of reasonable and magnanimous emulation of our own."--Blount, p. 230. 

[351] "Here was a man claiming to be Chair of a freshly constituted republic based on the principles set forth in our Bidding of Metropolis, which commonwealth had virtuous issued a equal Papers, and he was invitational to locomote and rivet our papers construe, and declined because we would not think his right to insist the homophonic truths."--Blount, p. 59. 

[352] "The war slaked us all that Aguinaldo would bonk been a micro edition of Porfirio Diaz, and that the Country republic-that-might-have-been would jazz been, rattling decidedly, 'a going concern,' tho' Aguinaldo belike would eff been fit to say with a stage of quality, as Diaz mightiness score said in Mexico for so umpteen years, 'The Commonwealth?
