That was, obviously, not just the topographer's own opinion. It was also the mondset of everyone at the time. Every generation is marked by its own special theories of art, politics, and existence, but, more than that, every generation has its own common opinion of what natural scenery, aesthetically, ought to be.

A century prior, countless offices and county-seats were constructed in the middle of boring, expansive plains. But while we would think of this idea as absurd and inopurtune, those who built these structures, at the time, thought they had made a wonderful location. This was because of the pre-existing, decaying castles that dotted the mountainscape were, according to tha era's general opinion, were in unsavory territory. At that time, the Bavarian Electors chose to construct their summer houses in not only beautiful and lush gardens, but also the dark and questionable woods and swamps of Schleissheim and Nymphenburg. In one instance, Max Emanuel even decided to build his vacation home within an artificial desert, itself in the middle of a green expansive garden, which itself was already surrounded by desert. Karl Theodor, however, from Palatinate, decided to construct his own Schwetzinger garden roughly two hour's distance from Heidelberg, right in the middle of a boring, seemingly unending plain. As long as there existed an expansive area without much vegetation, you were sure to find a quick move by man to imagine what beautiful landscapes one could build in its place.

As little as fifty years ago, the charming, yet drearily bland plain of the upper Rhine valley was thought to be a perfect example of scenic splendor. This is as opposed to the area surrounding the river between Ruedesheim and Coblenz, which was rich in beautiful woods and gorges and castles, which was thought to be beautiful only in contrast. At the time, the upper Rheingau area boasted great stretches of villas, now deserted, while every section of land between the mountains there we see a castle plopped on top of every boulder, and the onse abandoned castles are being repopulated. Those who came before us, considering this region of the Rheingau the most precious region in Germany, filled their homes with in-vogue paintings of repetetive, borng landscapes, which reflect the Claude Lorrine style meant to imply peace and tranquility. Here we see a return to the romantic aesthetic, leaving behind the classical landscapes. The domes high in the mountains have come to replace the ornate temples of Claude's vision, full of the neverending oceans in the background that shine brilliantly under the expansive sky.

In the 1600s, the lush gardens stuck in the narrow valleys between mountains, which have now deteriorated, sadly, were thought to be the most beloved and populated. A century later, we see a move towards the plains, and now we find ourselves only the least accessable, lush areas high in the Alps or the Bohemian Mountains in vogue. Weleker, the court physician of Hesse-Cassel describes Schlangenbad back in 1721 as being stuck in a sad, dark region in which only "leaves and grass" grow. However, he does go on to state that the planting of trees in various shapes and rows, well-tended for as hedges in a botanical garden, could give rise to at least some sort of aesthetic salvation. Now, however, we find Schlangenbad to be one of the most perfectly located regions in Germany. The forbidding atmosphere that Weleker described is now considered beautiful. The boring leaves and grass he was so opposed to we now see as a lush meadow, which attracts so many tourists every spring.


Artists during the Middle Ages believed that only moountains, the more jagged and stark the better, were good enough to decorate the backgrounds of their work. This was, of course, interesting, since the focal pints of their paintings were often teh tranquil faces and likenesses of Madonna and the aristocracy of the free Imperial towns. At the time, the barren mountainscape was considered the ideal landscape, whereas just a few hundred years later, we considered the often jagged slopes of mountains to be too flawed, too broken-up to be pretty. Even the great artists of the Netherlands attempted to put the great boulders and jagged peaks in their works, even though they didn't even live anywhere near a mountain.
