Sheila said "Get buns for Miss Hurdlewing, while I will carry on Nobby, rush a purchaser is coming." 

I strolled away as Sheila was trying to say something and with smile engaged herself  on specification in pamphlet to the first customer.

Sheila against heliotrope Tanglefoot limousine was a marvelous look that it was impossible to keep away from her for long.

Sheila was expressed herself attractively to the customers that the motorists were attentive.The model was novel and expensive hence to improve the profit  zealots . A fascinated rival agent listening to her was amazed by her presentation and determined to merge with our firm.

With a charming side glance towards Byng-Beatty Sheila explained on the special features of the car like specialty of  chassis,  change tyres without leaving the seats  of the vehicle, and ability of the car to face obstacles by a simple adjustment of the universal joint, Albama type of clutch etc.She explained impact made in Olympia car market because even an amateur driver can onvert the present body into a  a tipping-wagon. Reversible hood can protect the passengers from wind when car runs backwards.  An EINSTEIN parachute concealed by door flush with the panels at the rear boot, the passenger may leave the car, by hearing the above I dared not interrupt or even move.

The ecstatic feeling expressed by listeners inspired Sheila and continued that the "Tanglefoot" is basically for a medical man or a prospective customer. Horn if desired can be fitted. Proper utilization of the car will repay the higher price fixed for the car.collapsible game-bag and landing-net are accessories supplied with the standard chassis, she exclaimed. 

The above was going on for a longer period when a man in the crowd recognized me I left the place at once  and came back at lunch interval only.

I commented that James Wringley and I may have to sing song in the streets to pay for the services of Sheila has made. The comment surprised her and exclaimed that she has booked more orders than we expected. She frankly told that the important thing is get the car noticed and nobody believes what said about the car. 

I asked her did they study the cars before they let their names to be taken down, on which she looked into may eyes and merrily laughed. 

*****
W. K. H
Our Eccentric Advertisers.

"Youth Wanted to Strike."

Provincial Paper.

* * * * *

* * * * *

* * * * *

ABOUT BATHROOMS

The elegant bath rooms in white enamel and attachments in polished metal seen in the shop windows are beautiful sight.  Secretly I watch the sight for a long time, but bath tub is missing in these pieces which make me believe that whether any body has imagined of a perfect bath room.Since a bathroom is small in size in any house the attitude of modern civilization is to be questioned. The bath room  has to be a big room with splendid furnishing that even exercise can be done in it.  Only the Romans understood the significance of bath room.
