
"I'll carry on, Nobby," said Sheila. "You go and buy buns for Miss Hurdlewing, and be happy.
Fly! here's a purchaser."

Sheila's whisper dispersed me into the crowd and I strolled away, while she bestowed a smile
and a specification pamphlet on the first of the crowd to step on to our stand.

I found it impossible to keep away for long. Sheila looked so well against the heliotrope Tanglefoot
limousine that I had to go back to look at her.

The stand was surrounded by a throng, hushed and breathless with interest. Sheila was talking
volubly. Hardened motorists listened with their mouths open; zealots, feverish to expend their
excess profits on motoring because it was a novelty and expensive, stood spell-bound; a rival
agent drank in her words with tears in his eyes--tears for his old innocence--and his cheek
flushed with a sudden and splendid determination to amalgamate with our firm.

"This chassis, gentlemen," Sheila was saying, with a glance towards the Byng-Beatty, "has the
most exclusive features. The torque-tube being fitted with an automatic lighter, it is possible
to change tyres without leaving your seat; while by a simple adjustment of the universal joint
the car will take any reasonable obstacle gracefully and without any inconvenience to the occupants.
The clutch is of the Alabama type. This new pattern created a great sensation at Olympia, owing
to the ease with which it permits even the amateur driver to convert the present body into
a char-à-banc or a tipping-waggon. The hood is reversible, so that passengers may be sheltered
from the wind when the car runs backwards. In the rear of the boot, concealed by a door flush
with the panels, is an EINSTEIN parachute, by means of which a passenger may leave the car
before an imminent accident or when tired of the company."

I could not move; I did not want to either; and I certainly dared not interrupt.

"The Tanglefoot," continued Sheila, while a sigh of sheer rapture rose from the crowd, "is
pre-eminently the car for a medical man or pushful undertaker. No horn is supplied, though
this will be fitted if desired. The car is not cheap, but properly used will soon repay itself.
Amongst the accessories supplied with the standard chassis I should like to call your attention
to the collapsible game-bag and landing-net."

This went on for a long, long time, and I stayed till a man in the crowd recognised me and
showed symptoms of coming out of his trance. I fled, and returned only at the luncheon interval.

"Sheila," I said--"Sheila, this may be fun for you, but James Wrigley and I may sing in the
streets to pay for it."

"You great stupid"--her eyes were sparking as she spoke--"I've booked more orders than you
will be able to carry out before you've learned wisdom. Look!" It was practically a nominal
roll of the local capitalists that she showed me. "Nobody believes what you say about a car,
so you can say what you like. The thing is to get it noticed."

"Did they study these cars much before they let you take their names?"

Sheila looked into my eyes and laughed happily.

W. K. H.

       *       *       *       *       *

Our Eccentric Advertisers.

     "Youth Wanted to Strike."

     Provincial Paper.

       *       *       *       *       *

       *       *       *       *       *

       *       *       *       *       *

ABOUT BATHROOMS.

Of all the beautiful things which are to be seen in shop windows perhaps the most beautiful
are those luxurious baths in white enamel, hedged round with attachments and conveniences in
burnished metal. Whenever I see one of them I stand and covet it for a long time. Yet even
these super-baths fall far short of what a bath should be; and as for the perfect bathroom
I question if anyone has even imagined it.

The whole attitude of modern civilisation to the bathroom is wrong. Why, for one thing, is
it always the smallest and barest room in the house? The Romans understood these things; we
don't. I have never yet been in a bathroom which was big enough to do my exercises in without
either breaking the light or barking my knuckles against a wall. It ought to be a big room
and opulently furnished.
