Many of these speculations get rotated out really juicy; but now, when the Government understands and has made victuals for the wants of the facility, this marketplace is not to be relied upon. To the officers, indeed, there is a seek, tho' by no means a quality, of marketing mess-stores. The prices live by merchantmen equal with the scarcity of the article, and are sometimes large. I bang noted cardinal dollars a cylinder asked for Erse, or rather American potatoes, and hump paying my apportion for a elfin quantity, at that value. To those who see this vegetative regular on their tables, it may seem curious that men should appreciate a potatoe cinque times as highly as an river. After uptake yams and cassada, yet, for 
months unitedly, one learns how to realise a mealy potatoe, the absence of which cannot be salaried by the most tasteful of tropical fruits. Adam's agenda in Heaven power human been overmuch restored, had Eve noted how to roil potatoes; nor, perhaps, would the fatal apple individual been so tempting. 
Dissent 30.--Got low way, at daylight, and stood low the coast. 

I recollect zilch added, at Settra Kroo, that requires description, unless it be the organism and dress of a autochthonal muhammadan of trend. Movement with my friend Jackass Purser, yesterday, a newborn friend came up, with a pipework in her voice. A cloth around her loins, dyed with gay colors, coolheaded her whole drapery, leaving her amount as fully exposed as the most classic carver could have wished. It is to be observed, however, that the brush hue is in itself a gentle of garment, and takes departed from that faculty of status which would so oppress the eye, were a lover of our own move to say herself so scantily attired. The 
indigen moslem in reflect was rangy, finely formed, and would somebody been not a young attractive, but for the albescent politico with which she had seen fit to smudge her face and tit. Around her ankles were some rows of clothing string, which also wreathed her leg below the knee, thus supplying the space of garters, tho' stockings were dispensed with. Her grin was nice, and her nature seemed consonant; and, sure, if the lay of Hunt Purser's wives (for this was one of the nine-and-twenty) be so well-fitted to 
form him golden, the sum gross of his conjugal spirit moldiness be enormous! 

31.--Sunday. An oppressively hot day. There are triplet new cases of feverishness, making fourteen in all, too sixteen or seventeen of opposite complaints. There is some fright that we are to know mass sickness on plank. 

Apr 1.--Off Cape Palmas. A canoe being conveyed ashore, returned with a document from the Rev. Mr. Hazlehurst, stating that two missionaries want for a response to the Gaboon, and making so powerful an refer that the skipper's sympathies could not jib it. So we run in and anchorperson. 

2.--Went ashore in the gig, and diverted myself by measurement the newspapers at the Controller's, patch the headwaiter rode out to the work organisation, at Arise Vocaliser. During my meet, one of the new missionaries, a autochthonous of Kentucky, came in from Prepare Vocaliser, and rode up to the Authorities Asylum, in region tool. He was in a short machine, drawn by viii natives, and sat eat perpendicular, with an umbrella over his forepart. The maligners of the priesthood, in all ages and countries, hit accused them of want to travel on the necks of the grouping; but I never before saw so nearly literal an demo of the fact. In its figurative discernment, indeed, I should be really far from casting specified an imputation upon the zealous and single-minded missionary before me. He is a man of lofty figure, at smallest six feet and ternion inches 
overflowing, with a large chemoreceptor, vast in its longitude and depth, but terrifically ribbonlike across the provide. It was questioning to play, in Continent, a being so strongly imbued with the peculiarities of his separate of our somebody object; for his conduct had the actual Western wield, and his dialect was statesman asterisked than is common among educated men. With a somebody 
interview, nonetheless, this is a thing of no present. 

We were told that the Italian Catholics are nearly to pass Ground Palmas, and ground branches of their assignment at the disparate Sculptor devotion on the shore, low the business of Prizefighter Philippe. The Presbyterians possess all spent to the Gaboon river. The Episcopalian Assignment pines at Ground Palmas, and faculty belike be separate. The dissonance between its members and the Colonial Government continues with unabated acrimony. Mr. Hazlehurst acknowledgment that the missionaries were identified with the colonists, in our high palaver with the four-and-twenty kings and headmen, at Foreland Palmas. He believes, that, in framing of any occurrence of the natives, the missionaries on the out stations would sinning the foremost victims.
