Of these speculations, some have turned out to be very successful, but now the market cannot be relied upon as the Government understands and has made provisions for the wants of the station. There is a chance to the officers selling mess-stones, although this is not a certainty. Merchantment charge prices that correspond to the scarcity of the article and can be enormous. I have seen nine dollars a barrel charged for Irish, or rater Yankee, potatoes and have paid my share for a small amount at that rate. It may seem strange to those that see this vegetable regularly on their tables that the price might be five times higher than that of an orange, but after eating yams and cassada for months together you too would learn to appreciate a mealy potato. Even the most delicious of tropical fruits cannot compensate for the absence of it. If Eve had known how to boil potatoes, then Adam's fare in Paradise might have been much improved and the fatal apple might not even have been so tempting.

March 30 -- Got under way, at daylight, and stood down the coast.

Nothing else at Settra Kroo that I recollect requires description, apart from the person and garb of a native lady of fashion. A young woman came up yesterday, while I was sitting with my friend Jack Purser. She had a pipe in her mouth and a cloth around her loins that was dyed in bright colours was all she wore. This left her as fully exposed as any classic sculptor could have wished for. The sable hue, however is in itself a kind of veil and takes away from the sense of nudity which would so oppress the eyes if a woman of my own race where to be so scantily attired. The tall, finely shaped native lady would have been not a little attractive if it was not for the white clay which she had smeared over her face and busom. Many rows of blue beads were wrapped around her ankles and encircled her leg below the knee as a kind of garter, although no stockings were worn. She had a pleasant smile and agreeable disposition and certainly if the rest of Jack Purser's wives (for this was just one of the twentynine) were so well-fitted to his happiness, then the total of his conugal felicity must be great!

31 -- Sunday. It was oppressively hot today. Three more cases of fever presented today, making a total of fourteen along with the sixteen or seventeen of other ailments. The crew are afraid that we have general sickness on board.

April 1 -- Off Cape Palmas. A canoe was sent to the shore and returned with a letter from the Rev. Mr Hazlehurst, asking for two missionaries to have passage to the Gaboon. The captain's sympathies could not resist the request, so we ran in and anchored.

2 -- Went ashore in the gig, and read the newspapers at the Governor's to amuse myself while the captain rode out to Mount Vaughan where the mission was established. While I was there, a missionary who was native from Kentucky, rode in to the Government House from Mount Vaughan in country style. His wagon was drawn by eight natives and he was sat bolt upright with an umbrella over his head. I have heard the maligners say, but have never before seen such an example of the priesthood wishing to ride on the necks of their people. Metaphorically, indeed I should be far from casting such doubt on the zealous and single-minded missionary before me. He was an eminent figure, at least six foot three tall, with a massive nose that was long and deep, but very thin across the edge. It was strange to meet in Africa a person so strongly showing the peculiarities of his native land, but his manner had the real Western swing and his dialect was more marked than usual among educated men. This is a matter of no moment with a native audience.

We learnt that the Roman Catholics are about to leave Cape Palmas, and establish mission branches at the different French stations on the coast, all under the patronage of Louis Philippe. The Presbyterians have all departed for the Gaboon river and the Episcopal Mission pines at Cape Palmas and may soon be removed. The disagreements between the Colonial Government and its members continues with unabated bitternes. Mr. Hazlehurst regrets that the colonists identified with the missionaries with the twentyfour kings and headmen at Cape Palmas. He believes that the missionaries on the out stations would be the first victims in case of any outbreak of the natives.
