
After the delivery of the ambassadorial letters, the exhibition commenced, which had so long
been the envy of the courtiers, and probably the conversation of the kingdom. The presents
were displayed. A rich Brussels carpet, which completely covered the hall, Cashmere shawls,
and embroidered Delhi scarfs of resplendent hues, excited universal admiration. The finer specimens
were handed to the king. As the various presents succeeded, the delight increased. A group
of Chinese dancing figures, produced bursts of merriment; and when the European escort, in
full uniform, with the sergeant at their head, marched into the hall, paced in front of the
throne, and performed the manual and platoon exercises, amid ornamented clocks chiming, and
musical boxes playing "God save the Queen," his majesty appeared quite entranced. "But many
and bright were the smiles that lighted up the royal features, as three hundred muskets, with
bayonets fixed, were piled in front of the royal footstool. A buzz of mingled wonder and applause
arose from the crowded courtiers; and the monarch's satisfaction now filled to overflowing.
'God will reward you,' he exclaimed--'for I cannot!'"

But a more serious and a more striking display was still to follow. The artillery were to exhibit
their powers; and the crowd rushed out, and scattered over the hill to see its practice. A
sheet was attached to the opposite face of the ravine, the valley rang to the roar of the guns;
and as the white cloth flew in shreds to the wind, under a rapid discharge of round shot, canister,
and grape, amid the crumbling of the rock, and the rush of falling stones, shouts of admiration
rang from hill to hill. This eventful evening was closed by testimonies of the king's satisfaction,
in the shape of a huge pepper pie from the royal kitchen, with his commands that his children
might feast; and a visit from the royal confessor, a dwarf enveloped in robes and turbans,
and armed with silver cross and crosier. Seating himself in a chair, he delivered a speech,
which affords as good a specimen of court oratory as any thing that we remember; and also shows
the powerful effect of the presents on the courtly sensibilities. The speech was as follows:--

  "Forty years have rolled away since Asfa Woosen, on whose memory be
  peace! grandsire to our beloved monarch, saw in a dream that the red
  men were bringing into his kingdom, curious and beautiful commodities
  from countries beyond the great sea. The astrologers, on being
  commanded to give an interpretation thereof, predicted with one
  accord, that foreigners from the land of Egypt would come into
  Abysinia during his majesty's most illustrious reign; and that yet
  more and wealthier would follow in that of his son, and of his son's
  son, who should sit next upon the throne. Praise be unto God, that
  the dream and its interpretation have now been fulfilled! Our eyes,
  though they be old, have never beheld wonders until this day; and
  during the reign over Shoa of seven successive kings, no such
  miracles as these have been wrought in Ethiopia!!"

The embassy were now fixed under the protection of the monarch; and they were invited to join
in the various displays and festivals of the new year, which the Abyssinians begin on the 10th
of September. Of these, the cavalry review was by far the most showy, as well as the most suited
to the gratification of the British officers. Some parts of this display seemed to have been
borrowed from the days of European knighthood. The king's master of the horse advanced at the
head of his squadrons of picked household cavalry, "the flower of the Christian lances." Ayto
Melkoo, their leader, was arrayed in a party-coloured vest, surmounted by a crimson Arab fleece,
handsomely studded with silver jets. A gilt embossed gauntlet encircled his right arm, from
the wrist to the elbow; his targe and horse trappings glittered with a profusion of silver
crosses and devices, and he looked a stately and martial figure, curveting at the head of his
well-appointed lancers.

This warrior, advancing with his line, galloped up in front, and made a speech in the manner
of old heroic times, vaunting his past prowess and his present loyalty, his troopers accompanying
the more succcessful parts of his speech by striking the lance upon the targe. At the close,
he threw his spears upon the ground, unsheathed his two-edged falchion, gave a howl, which
was answered by a roar from his horsemen, and a discharge of fire-arms; and the whole made
a dash, and charged across the parade.

At the royal command, the British now fired a salute of twenty-one guns, to the great wonder
and astonishment of the wild Galla and the multitude of spectators.
