The exhibition, which had for so long been the envy of the contries and likely the conversation of the kingdom, commenced after the delivery of the ambassadorial letters. As the presents were displayed; A rich carpet from Brussels, completely covering the hall; Cashmere shawls, and embroidered scarfs from Delhi in resplendant hues, they excited universal admiration.  The king seemed mightily impressed by the more special presents awaiting him. Among these presents were: A group of Chinese dancing figures (producing bursts of merriment), The European escort, in full uniform, headed by their sergeant, marching into the hall, performing manual and platoon exercises in tune with ornamental clocks, and musical boxes playing "God save the Queen".   "But many and bright were the smiles that lighted up the royal features, as three hundred muskets, with bayonets fixed, were piled in front of the royal footstool. A buzz of mingled wonder and applause arose from the crowded courtiers; and the monarch's satisfaction now filled to overflowing. 'God will reward you,' he exclaimed--'for I cannot!'"

A more serious and striking display was to follow, the artillery was to exhibit its power, and the crowd rushed out and scattered all over the hill in order to view the exhibition.  A Sheet, attached to the opposite face of the ravine, was torn to shreds, and flew away with the wind. The cloth was torn asunder by a rapid discharge of canister, round shot and grape. Shouts of admiration rang from hill to hill amid the crumbling of rock, and rush of falling stones. The evening was closed with the king's exhibition of his satisfaction.  The king provided to his subjects a heartily prepared pepper pie, make fresh by the royal kitchen, which was to be feasted upon. Also, a visit from the royal confessor, A man enveloped in robes, though quite short, armed with a silver cross. He seated himself in a char, and delivered a speech, as good an example of court oratory as any that is remembered, and also exhibits the effect of the presents on the attendees' attitudes.  The speech is as follows:--

"Forty years have rolled away since Asfa Woosen, on whose memory be peace! grandsire to our beloved monarch, saw in a dream that the red men were bringing into his kingdom, curious and beautiful commodities from countries beyond the great sea. The astrologers, on being commanded to give an interpretation thereof, predicted with one accord, that foreigners from the land of Egypt would come into Abysinia during his majesty's most illustrious reign; and that yet more and wealthier would follow in that of his son, and of his son's son, who should sit next upon the throne. Praise be unto God, that the dream and its interpretation have now been fulfilled! Our eyes, though they be old, have never beheld wonders until this day; and during the reign over Shoa of seven successive kings, no such miracles as these have been wrought in Ethiopia!!"

The assembly was now, as fixed under protection of the monarch, invited to join in the various displays and festivals of the new year, as the Abyssinians ha dbegun on the 10th of september.  The cavalry review was the most popular, as it was the most ornamental and the favourite of the British officers.  The display seemed to borrow some aspects from the days of European knighthood.  The king's horsemaster advanced at the head of the squadrons of hand-picked cavalry, "the flower of the Christian lances."  Their leader, Ayto Melkoo, was rained in a celebratory vest, a crimson Arab fleece, and studded with silver jets.  An embossed gauntlet enveloped his right forearm, from the elbow down to the wrist, his shield and horse trappings shined with a profusion of crosses and devices in silver.  He looked like a stately and martial figure, marching at the head of his well-picked lancers.

Leading his line, this warrior galluped up to the front, and made a speech to his men similar to those of old heroic times, vaunting his past prowess and his current loyalty.  His troops accounting for the more successful parts of his recollection by striking the lance upon their shield.  At the close, he threw his spears onto the ground, pulled out his broadsword, gave a leading howl, answered by his lancers, and there was a discharge of firearms. The whole made a dash and charged across the parade.

As the king commanded it, the countrymen then fired a twenty-one gun salute to the great wonder and astonishment of the multitude of spectators, as well as the wild Galla.
