
During a consumption test the valves are operated in the following manner: The lever K is pulled
down, which opens the inlet valve to the first tank and closes that to the second. The bottom
lever L, however, is lifted, which for the time being opens the outlet valve F, and incidentally
opens the valve G; the latter valve can; however, for the moment be neglected. When the turbine
is started, and the condensed steam begins to accumulate in the condenser, the water is pumped
along the pipes and, both the inlet and outlet valves on the first tank being open, passes
through, without any being deposited in the tank, to the drain. This may be continued until
all conditions are right for a consumption test and, the time being carefully noted, lever
L is quickly pulled down and the valves F and G closed. The first tank now gradually fills,
and after a definite period, say fifteen minutes, the lever K is pushed up, thus diverting
the flow into the second tank. While the latter is filling, the water in the first tank is
measured, and the tank emptied by a large sluice valve, not shown.

The operation of alternately filling, measuring, and emptying the two measuring tanks is thus
carried on until the predetermined time of duration of test has expired, when the total water
as measured in the tanks, and representing the amount of steam condensed during that time,
is easily found by adding together the quantities given at each individual measurement.

All that are necessary to insure successful results from a plant similar to this are care and
accuracy in its operation and construction. Undoubtedly in most cases it is preferable to weigh
the condensed steam instead of measuring the volume passed, and from that to calculate the
weight. If dependence is being placed upon the volumetric method, it is advisable to lengthen
the duration of the test considerably, and if possible to measure the feed-water evaporated
at the same time. Such a course, however, would necessitate little change, and none of a radical
nature, from the arrangement described. Where, however, the measuring method is adopted, the
all-important feature, requiring on the tester's part careful personal investigation, is the
graduation of the tanks. It facilitates this operation very considerably when the receptacles
are graduated upon a weight scale. That is to say, whether or not a vertical scale showing
the actual hight of water be placed inside the tank, it is advisable to have a separate scale
indicating at once to the attendant the actual contents, by weight, of the tank at any time.
It is the tester's duty to himself to check the graduation of this latter scale by weighing
the water with which he performs the operation of checking.

Apart from the foregoing, there is little to be said about the measuring apparatus. As has
been stated, accuracy of result depends in this connection, as in all others, upon careful
supervision and sound and accurate construction, and this the tester can only positively insure
by exhaustive inspection in the one case and careful deliberation in the conduct of the other.

It will be readily understood that the procedure--and this implies some limitations--of a test
is to an extent controlled by the conditions, or particular environment of the moment. This
is strictly true, and as a consequence it is often impossible, in a maker's works, for example,
to obtain every condition, coinciding with those specified, which are to be had on the site
of final operation only. For this reason it would appear best to reserve the final and crucial
test of a machine, which test usually in the operating sense restricts a prime mover in certain
directions with regard to its auxiliary plant, etc., until the machine has been finally erected
on its site. Obviously, unless a machine had become more or less standardized, a preliminary
consumption test would be necessary, but once this primary qualification respecting consumption
had been satisfactorily settled, there appears to be no reason why exhaustive tests in other
directions should not all be carried out upon the site, where the conditions for them are so
much more favorable.
