When doing a consumption test, there are three valves which have to be opened. The inlet valve is one of them. When the lever labeled K is pulled down the inlet valve to the first tank is unlocked but locks the valve to the second tank. The lever named L which is known as the bottom lever when lifted opens the valve known as the outlet valve labeled F and also the valve G. The valve G does not have to be taken into account. As soon as the turbine is turned on, vapor known as condensed steam begans to gather in the condenser and the water starts traveling through the pipes. Since both the inlet valves and outlet valves are opened, the water does not get deposited in the tank, but instead goes into the drain. This process is continued until conditions are ideal for the consumption test so that the valves F and G can be closed by quickly pulling down the lever L. The first tank begins to fill and after about a quarter of an hour has passed, the flow of water is turned to the second tank when the lever K is pushed up. While the second tank is getting filled, measurements of the water in the first tank are recorded and then all water from the tank removed by using a sluice valve large in size which is not displayed.

The whole performance of periodically putting in, estimating and removing the water from the tanks is carried out until the estimated time of the test ends. This would be when the entire amount of water in both tanks as well as the the amount of vapor condensed during the test is added together.

For the test results to be successful,the organization involved in the consumption test should make sure the equipment they use runs smoothly and the test is done properly. Usually it is preferred to find how much of the condensed vapor there is by weighing it than to measure the quantity of volume passed and from the result to calculate the weight. If the condensed steam is measured by its volume, changes such as increasing the time of the test as well as recording how much of the water filled evaoprated would have to be done. But all in all, there would not be a huge change by doing this. But by using the measuring method, the responsibilty of recording the results of the tanks would fall on the tester. One way of doing this would be for the tester to keep a separate scale to show the actual reading of what's in the tank at all times.

The accurate readings of the results would be successful as long as the tester takes the time to inspect the tanks and make sure its in working condition.

There is no doubt there would be instances when certain conditions would have an impact on the outcome of the test, but to record each and every condition that affects the test is not always possible. Therefore it's always best to do the test once the machine has been built at its intended place.
