Zen closely connected with Bushido teaches us , inspiring to the rising generation with the spirit of the Samurai to give birth to hundreds of Nogis, having combination of all positive qualities of loyalty, bravery, self-control, and self-sacrifices etc.

CHAPTER III

THE UNIVERSE IS THE SCRIPTURE[FN#107] OF ZEN

1. Scripture is no More than Waste Paper

[FN#107] Zen is not followed of any particular sutra, either of Mahayana or of Hinayana. There are dual Tripitakas (or the three collections of the Buddhist scriptures)-namely, the Mahayana-tripitaka and the Hinayana-tripitaka.  Mahayana is reformed Buddhism  of deep metaphysical reasonings. Early Buddhism is simple and ethical teaching is Hinayana.
These twofold Tripitakas are as follows:

THE MAHAYANA-TRIPITAKA.

The Sutra Pitaka.-The Saddharma-pundarika-sutra, Samdhi-nirmocana-sutra, Avatamsaka-sutra, Prajnyaparamita-sutra, Amitayus-sutra, Mahaparinirvana-sutra, etc.

The Vinaya Pitaka.--Brahmajala-sutra, Bodhisattva-caryanirdeca, et

The Abhidharma Pitaka.-Mahaprajnyaparamita-sutra, Mahayana-craddhotpada-castra, Madhyamaka-castra, Yogacarya bhumi-castra, etc.

Almost all of the northern Buddhist records agree the term 'Tripitaka,' was not known at the time of Shakya Muni, and that the Tripitaka was rehearsed and settled in the same year in which the Muni died.
"Abhidharma-pitaka, the book was compiled preaching  god, arranged in due order by 500 Budhu priests."-- says Mahavansa. This Sinhala Budhist also says that Shakya Muni's teaching was known to the early Buddhists as Vinaya and Dharma and not as Tripitaka.
We have it in Emporor Ashoka's (who ascended the throne about 269 B.C.) Edicts, that it was not called Tripitaka, but Dharma. Mahayanists have different opinion on who rehearsed the Abhidharma; they agree as for the other respects. They are unanimous that the compilation of the Tripitaka is in the first council of Rajagrha, in the following this fact can be observed.

The Sutra Pitaka, compiled by Ananda; the Vinaya Pitaka, compiled by Upali; the Abhidharma Pitaka, compiled by Ananda--according to Nagarjuna (Mahaprajnyaparamita-castra)

There are reasons to discredit the compilation of Abhidharma Pitaka at the first council.  Above disagreements are clearly   violation of  presumptions of uncertainty of  logical assertion of the  statements. Judging from the Dharma-gupta-vinaya and other records Purna did not take  part in the first council and have different opinions as to the application of the rules of discipline from that of Kashyapa, king of Sri Lanka, who ruled the country from 473 to 495 AD. Also  there are some errors in Paramartha's assertion.  The teachings on  Sutra and Vinaya, of Mahayana, as well as of Himayana,are directly told by Shakya Muni because all the instructions are put in the mouth of the Master or sanctioned by him. The Mahayanists, compare the Hinayana doctrine with a resting-place on the road for a traveller, while the Mahayana doctrine with his destination. All the congregations united under a common faith Buddhism, with a single exception of Zen, are based on the authority of some particular sacred writings. 

The author of Lankavatara-sutra insists that Shakya Muni spoke no word through his long career of forty-nine years as a religious teacher, Mahaprajnyaparamita-sutra[FN#108] also express the same opinion.Zen is based on the highest spiritual plane attained by Shakya Muni himself, who has attained the same plane. Even  Gotama feels words are  beyond the power.  The Scripture is pointing to the brightness of Buddhahood. As the finger has no brightness when we enjoy  moon and  its growing beauty, the finger is of no use.  The Scripture is having holiness or not do not merit. It is a religious currency of spiritual wealth. Whether money be gold, or sea-shells, or cows, are  only substitutes. it stands for is of paramount importance. Away with your stone-knife!(Ahimsa)
