He died not in vain, as some might think, because his simplicity,
uprightness, loyalty, bravery, self-control, and self-sacrifice, all combined in his last act,
surely inspire the rising generation with the spirit of the Samurai to give birth to hundreds
of Nogis.  Now let us see in the following chapters what Zen so closely connected with Bushido
teaches us.

CHAPTER III

THE UNIVERSE IS THE SCRIPTURE[FN#107] OF ZEN

1. Scripture is no More than Waste Paper.

[FN#107]  Zen is not based on any particular sutra, either of Mahayana or of Hinayana.  There
are twofold Tripitakas (or the three collections of the Buddhist scriptures)-namely, the Mahayana-tripitaka
and the Hinayana-tripitaka.  The former are the basis of the Mahayana, or the higher and reformed
Buddhism, full of profound metaphysical reasonings; while the latter form that of the Hinayana,
or the lower and early Buddhism, which is simple and ethical teaching.  These twofold Tripitakas
are as follows:

THE MAHAYANA-TRIPITAKA.

The Sutra Pitaka.-The Saddharma-pundarika-sutra, Samdhi-nirmocana-sutra, Avatamsaka-sutra,
Prajnyaparamita-sutra, Amitayus-sutra, Mahaparinirvana-sutra, etc.

The Vinaya Pitaka.--Brahmajala-sutra, Bodhisattva-caryanirdeca, etc.

The Abhidharma Pitaka.--Mahaprajnyaparamita-sutra, Mahayana-craddhotpada-castra, Madhyamaka-castra,
Yogacarya bhumi-castra, etc.

THE HINAYANA-TRIPITAKA. The Sutra Pitaka.--Dirghagama, Ekottaragama, Madhyamagama, Samyuktagama,
etc.

The Vinaya Pitaka.--Dharmagupta-vinaya, Mahasamghika-vinaya, Sarvastivada-vinaya, etc.

The Abhidharma Pitaka.--Dharma-skandha-pada, Samgiti-paryaya-pada, Jnyanaprasthana-castra,
Abhidharma-kosa-castra, etc.

The term 'Tripitaka,' however, was not known at the time of Shakya Muni, and almost all of
the northern Buddhist records agree in stating that the Tripitaka was rehearsed and settled
in the same year in which the Muni died.  Mahavansa also says: "The book called Abhidharma-pitaka
was compiled, which was preached to god, and was arranged in due order by 500 Budhu priests."
But we believe that Shakya Muni's teaching was known to the early Buddhists, not as Tripitaka,
but as Vinaya and Dharma, and even at the time of King Acoka (who ascended the throne about
269 B.C.) it was not called Tripitaka, but Dharma, as we have it in his Edicts.  Mahayanists
unanimously assert the compilation of the Tripitaka in the first council of Rajagrha, but they
differ in opinion as to the question who rehearsed the Abhidharma; notwithstanding, they agree
as for the other respects, as you see in the following:

The Sutra Pitaka, compiled by Ananda; the Vinaya Pitaka, compiled by Upali; the Abhidharma
Pitaka, compiled by Ananda--according to Nagarjuna (Mahaprajnyaparamita-castra).

The above-mentioned discrepancy clearly betrays the uncertainty of
their assertions, and gives us reason to discredit the compilation of
Abhidharma Pitaka at the first council.  Besides, judging from the
Dharma-gupta-vinaya and other records, which states that Purna took
no part in the first council, and that he had different opinions as
to the application of the rules of discipline from that of Kacyapa,
there should be some errors in Paramartha's assertion.
Of these three collections of the Sacred Writings, the first two, or
Sutra and Vinaya, of Mahayana, as well as of Himayana, are believed
to be the direct teachings of Shakya Muni himself, because all the
instructions are put in the mouth of the Master or sanctioned by him.
 The Mahayanists, however, compare the Hinayana doctrine with a
resting-place on the road for a traveller, while the Mahayana
doctrine with his destination.  All the denominations of Buddhism,
with a single exception of Zen, are based on the authority of some
particular sacred writings.

Zen is based on the highest spiritual plane attained by Shakya Muni himself.  It can only be
realized by one who has attained the same plane.  To describe it in full by means of words
is beyond the power even of Gotama himself.  It is for this reason that the author of Lankavatara-sutra
insists that Shakya Muni spoke no word through his long career of forty-nine years as a religious
teacher, and that of Mahaprajnyaparamita-sutra[FN#108] also express the same opinion.  The
Scripture is no more nor less than the finger pointing to the moon of Buddhahood.  When we
recognize the moon and enjoy its benign beauty, the finger is of no use.  As the finger has
no brightness whatever, so the Scripture has no holiness whatever.  The Scripture is religious
currency representing spiritual wealth.  It does not matter whether money be gold, or sea-shells,
or cows.  It is a mere substitute.  What it stands for is of paramount importance.  Away with
your stone-knife!
