There is a list of the books and they all have been written on each individual drug, classes of medicines, and general therapeutics. Like the dame there is an index of authors. The first volume of the book called Albrecht von Haller's 'Bibliotheca Anatomica' had been published at London 'in vico vulgo dictoand the Strand' in the year 1774.  As the same, the second volume at Zurich was published in the year 1777. Noth are completely similar in some aspects like quarto, biographical and bibliographical. Then the same author published some other books like 'Bibliotheca Chirurgica' and a 'Bibliotheca Medicinae Practicae' at Berne and Basel between 1774 and 1788. His 'Bibliotheca Botanica,' was consisted with two quarto volumes and it was appeared at Zurich in 1771-1772.  If you want to have books on Botany by some other authors, it is better to consult Curtius Sprengel's 'Historia Rei Herbariae.'   They are consisted by two octavo volumes and appeared at Amsterdam in 1807 and 1808.  Moreover, in the same subject of Botany, another book called 'A Guide to the Literature of Botany' by B. D. Jackson was issued by the Index Society in 1881. Jean Jacques Manget, who was a great Geneva physician and died in 1742 at the age of ninety-one, was another remarkable author for voluminous compiler of bibliographies upon medical subjects. 
Sidenote: Military:
38. Under the heading 'Military', they are in fact  not  only included with historical accounts of military operations but also it was highly  included with some other essential military related works such as the treat of the military art and the progress of its development. It is very clear and there is no doubt that this valuable work is considered as a subject as old as mankind.  Also it has critique thesis on drill with the stone battle-axe also. Many of the books on Arms and Armor such as Sir Samuel Meyrick's beautiful folio volumes are recognized as most fantastic valuable works.  Moreover, some other works and earlier publications on Castramentation and Siege operations are also proved well as they are very interesting. But as a matter of fact, we should not fail to notice that the beautiful little Elzevier 'Cæsar' of 1536 was also one of the fine works. It is consisted with a wide heading and they must be certainly included rank wise with some other important books such as the Commentaries of Blaise de Montluc and the Memoirs of Olivier de la Marche. The reason is it is also highly and elaborately dealing with all kinds of military operations as they are dealing well. Books on Archery, Fencing, and Duelling are also comprised with a wide range of information under the heading “Military”.
Perhaps if it is your subject, our book-hunter will have trust on you that  you have been more successful than he has in your quest for the 'Traicté de l'Espée Françoise, par Maistre Jean Savaron' (small octavo, Paris, 1610). Some years ago, since he had narrowly missed a copy that was a little volume with fifty six pages only in Paris and so far he is unable to restore the same.  So it has escaped him as successfully as the 'Pastissier François’.Probably, since it was very less in pages and slim in size and appearance it may have been included with some other substantial works.  This will be the reason for its escape from the eyes of book-hunters and cataloguers. Savaron also wrote a book in the name of 'Traicté contre les Duels,' which is equally not found and it is scarce. An Italian bibliography of this subject wrote by J. Gelli and G. E. Levi appeared in 1903. For the most part, they are all peculiar works and they are very difficult to find. It is a subject that mainly based on the Chivalry of our list.  Also this subject was (like Heraldry) entirely based on matter of military in origin. A 'Bibliography of English Military Books up to 1642 and of Contemporary Foreign Works' was accumulated by Captain M. J. D. Cockle and published in quarto in 1900. Mr. Carl Thimm's 'Art of Fence was a complete Bibliography appeared in 1891 and also it had been enlarged and again republished in 1896. 
Side note: Music. 
39. Books on Music can be divided for more convenience into the numerous sub-headings.  They are especially narrated about particular instruments, songs, printed music in common sense.  Besides, they are generally correlated with some other subjects such as accounts of the early musicians and their works also. In this work, treatises upon the violin are fairly numerous [85].  But according to my remembrance, I am not sure that it is having come across many works on the Jew's harp or ocarina. There are some other interesting old books are also on the line such as virginals, harpsichord, and spinet. Before the end of the fifteenth century, particularly there are number of new books has been emerged from the press like Missalia, Gradualia, Psalteria, and Libri Cantionum ('quas vulgo Mutetas appellant'). The 'Theoricum Opus Musice Disciplina' of Franchino Gafori, or Gaffurius (which, by the way, is merely an abridgment of Boethius), is also considered to be the earliest printed treatise on music. As a first time it was printed at Naples in 1480. In the same year and period, the Antiphonals and Troparies also can be added in this list. A new edition of Grove's 'Dictionary of Music and Musicians,' by Mr. J. A. Fuller-Maitland appeared in the year 1904. 'General History of Music' with four quarto volumes by Dr. Charles Burney’s also has become so familiar and valuable one among great English musicians between 1776 and 1789.
