Books on each specific drug, types of medicines and general therapeutics are listed in this along with the index of authors.  In 1774 and 1777 the first and the second volumes of Albrecht von Haller's 'Bibliotheca Anatomica' were published at London and Zurich respectively.  They were in quarto and are biographical and bibliographical in nature.  The 'Bibliotheca Chirurgica' and a 'Bibliotheca Medicinae Practicae' at Berne and Basel was brought out by the same author between 1774 and 1788.  At Zurich in 1771-72 his 'Bibliotheca Botanica,' emerged in two volumes. Curtius Sprengel's 'Historia Rei Herbariae,' could be consulted for other writers upon Botany, which are in octavo volumes and which appeared in Amsterdam in 1807 and 1808.  The Index Society issued 'A Guide to the Literature of Botany' by B. D. Jackson in 1881.  Another capacious compiler of bibliographies upon medical subjects had been Jean Jacques Manget, a Geneva physician who died in 1742.

 [Notes: Military.] 

The works which discussed the military art and the progress of its development were included under the heading ‘Military’ along with historical accounts of military operations.  Since this subject is equally old as the mankind, thesis on stone battle-axe is talked about.  There are many fine works on Arms and Armour, as that of Sir Samuel Meyrick's beautiful folio volumes and interesting works on Castramentation and Siege operations.  Elzevier 'Cæsar' of 1536 also finds a mention here.  Commentaries of Blaise de Montluc and the Memoirs of Olivier de la Marche can be added since they deal with military operations greatly.  This heading also includes Books on Archery, Fencing, and Duelling.

Our book-hunter considers you more successful if this is your subject since it was an easy search for 'Traicté de l'Espée Françoise, par Maistre Jean Savaron' (small octavo, Paris, 1610).  Once he missed them in Paris some years ago and still now they have eluded him, as did the “Pastissier Francois”.  Cataloguers and book-hunters miss it since it is very thing and bound with other substantial works.  Equally scarce is the book by Savaron the 'Traicté contre les Duels.'  In 1903 appeared an Italian bibliography of this subject by J. Gelli and G. E. Levi which were uncommon works which could not be easily found.  Captain M. J. D. Cockle compiled a 'Bibliography of English Military Books up to 1642, and of Contemporary Foreign Works' and published in quarto in 1900. A Complete Bibliography by Mr. Carl Thimm's by name 'Art of Fence appeared in 1891 and an enlarged edition of the same was put forth in 1896. 

 [Notes: Music.] 

There are also handy divisions of music under several sub-headings which take up particular instruments, songs, printed music and accounts of the musicians and their works.  Discourses on violin are also in large numbers.  Though there is not much on Jew’s harp or ocarina, there are old books entertainingly printed from the press on the virginals, harpsichord, and spinet and before the end of the fifteenth century a number of Missalia, Gradualia, Psalteria, and Libri Cantionum ('quas vulgo Mutetas appellant').  The earliest printed treatise on music is said to be the the 'Theoricum Opus Musice Disciplina' of Franchino Gafori, or Gaffurius (an abridgment of Boethius), which was printed first at Naples in 1480.  Antiphonals and Troparies must also be taken into account here. 
In 1904 a new edition of Grove's 'Dictionary of Music and Musicians,' by Mr. J. A. Fuller-Maitland, appeared.  Between 1776 and 1789, four quarto volumes of Dr. Charles Burney's 'General History of Music' occupied that great volume on English musician.
