Walking the Camino del Rey, lady, my lady, Walking the Path of the King, going red? With a touch of silk, and a ruby on his finger, and a furry blanket behind your step? Or ruby red or I will in the Camino Real, I'm going gray canvas with nothing on his head. 

Walking in the King's Road, lady, my lady, Walking the Path of the King, going to go blue? With a border of ermine, and a plume of peacock feathers, and a small circle of silver, and a sapphire in your shoe? Or sapphire blue or I'll be in the Camino Real, I'm going gray sailor, and barefoot too. 

Walking the Camino del Rey, lady, my lady, Walking the Path of the King, going green? With a gold belt, and a velvet shoe tip, and a crown of emerald queen? Emerald green or not I will be in the Camino Real, I'm going to go gray canvas that looks so beautiful, and someone kisses me and call me his queen. 

* * * * * 

"Depression in northern India has continued to travel east-to-day and is affecting the northeast of India. 

Forecast: Some rain in the sub districts of northeastern India. " 

Amrita Bazar Patrika. 

It's a life anyway, wet, and the submarines were built to be depressed. 

* * * * * 

Bracelets and man. 

* * * * * 

ESSENCE OF PARLIAMENT. 

Tuesday, March 14 .-- Ministers on its way through Palace Yard on its way to the house shuddered as they watched a long, black, evil-looking motor car, shaped like a torpedo. In this machine-BILLING Mr Pemberton, the new Air Member for East Herts, had done most of his campaign. Now he had come to take his seat and, rumor, he said, to make his first speech. Frente Does the bank survive? 

If new members could have jumped directly from the steering wheel to the House, with his eloquence and white still has its withering heat of his chest message, strange things might have happened. But fortunately or unfortunately, the procedure of the House discourages these dramatic effects. For nearly an hour had to wait and hear the answers to questions that must be found Ministerial painfully trivial. 

Even when the catechism was tired at the end more than a delay. With great lack of consideration for the dignity of East Herts Prime Minister had been so careless as to catch a cold and was not in place. For its part, therefore, Sir Edward Grey made a statement on the entry of Portugal into the war. The gist of it is that the oldest of our allies has acquired a good size of the fleet at no expense to itself, and that Germany is facing a new enemy in Africa. 

Finally the new members was called to take his seat. Belonging to no party could not, of course, enjoy the usual official escort to the Table. But, as another young man in a hurry in similar circumstances, some preferred whip scorpions, Mr Pemberton-BILLING seemed very satisfied with the ministry of Mr. Ronald McNeill and Sir Henry Dalziel. 

Breaking with the usual period of rest and refreshment, took office immediately after shaking hands with the President. Who knew, but that Mr. Lowther, recognizing the anxiety of members to hear the latest news from the war in East Herts, could call at a time? 

The routine, however, was too much for romance. For an hour or more Mr. TENNANT wandered on the field is wide, provided for him, but without running into something very fresh and surprising, unless it in fact was the discovery that "Intelligence is a very delicate matter." This occurred during a prolonged description of what is being done to protect the country against air attacks. The organization of air defenses has been expanded to London and was near completion for the country. But Mr. TENNANT quickly add to the benefit of Mr. BILLING - the standard would be even higher if more material was available. 

When he was in the Government of Mr. Hobhouse was no less economic information in their official statements that any of his ministerial colleagues. Now that is outside it is all for full disclosure. Why Mr. TENNANT said nothing of Gallipoli and Salonika, Loos and Neuve Chapelle? Why, if we were allowed to know that three million goat skins had been provided to the army, is it possible to know how many men were going to take? In his view, the outcome of the election of the East Herts was because the Government has kept Parliament in the dark. 

Finally, the stage was clear for señorPEMBERTON billing, taking into account how long he had been waiting, made a commendable debut.
