
  Walking on the King's Way, lady, my lady,
  Walking on the King's Way, will you go in red?
  With a silken wimple, and a ruby on your finger,
  And a furry mantle trailing where you tread?
  Neither red nor ruby I'll wear upon the King's Way;
  I will go in duffle grey with nothing on my head.

  Walking on the King's Way, lady, my lady,
  Walking on the King's Way, will you go in blue?
  With an ermine border, and a plume of peacock feathers,
  And a silver circlet, and a sapphire on your shoe?
  Neither blue nor sapphire I'll wear upon the King's Way;
  I will go in duffle grey, and barefoot too.

  Walking on the King's Way, lady, my lady,
  Walking on the King's Way, will you go in green?
  With a golden girdle, and a pointed velvet slipper,
  And a crown of emeralds fit for a queen?
  Neither green nor emerald I'll wear upon the King's Way;
  I will go in duffle grey so lovely to be seen,
  And Somebody will kiss me and call me his queen.

       *       *       *       *       *

    "The depression in northern India has continued to travel
    eastwards and is to-day affecting north-east India.

    Forecast: Some rain in the submarine districts of north-east
    India."

    Amrita Bazar Patrika.

It's a wet life anyhow, and submarines were made to be depressed.

       *       *       *       *       *

ARMLETS AND THE MAN.

       *       *       *       *       *

ESSENCE OF PARLIAMENT.

Tuesday, March 14th.--Ministers as they passed through Palace Yard on their way to the House
shuddered as they observed a long, black, wicked-looking motor-car, shaped like a torpedo.
In this machine Mr. PEMBERTON-BILLING, the new Air-Member for East Herts, had done most of
his electioneering. Now he had arrived to take his seat and, rumour said, to make his maiden
speech. Would the Front Bench survive it?

If the new Member could have jumped straight from the steering-wheel into the Chamber, and
with his eloquence still at white-heat have got his fulminating message off his chest, strange
things might have happened. But fortunately or unfortunately the procedure of the House discourages
these dramatic effects. For nearly an hour he had to wait and listen to Ministerial replies
to questions which he must have found painfully trivial.

Even when the weary catechism was at last over there was a further delay. With great lack of
consideration for the dignity of East Herts the PRIME MINISTER had been so careless as to catch
a bad cold, and was not in his place. On his behalf, therefore, Sir EDWARD GREY made a statement
regarding the entry of Portugal into the War. The gist of it was that the most ancient of our
Allies has acquired a good-sized Fleet at no expense to herself, and that Germany is confronted
by a new enemy in Africa.

At last the new Member was called upon to take his seat. Belonging to no party he could not,
of course, enjoy the usual official escort to the Table. But, like another young man in a hurry
who in somewhat similar circumstances preferred scorpions to whips, Mr. PEMBERTON-BILLING seemed
quite satisfied with the ministrations of Mr. RONALD MCNEILL and Sir HENRY DALZIEL.

Dispensing with the usual period of rest and refreshment, he assumed his seat immediately after
shaking hands with the SPEAKER. Who knew but that Mr. LOWTHER, recognising the anxiety of Members
to hear the latest War news from East Herts, might call him at once?

Routine, however, was too much for romance. For an hour or more Mr. TENNANT rambled over the
wide field provided for him, but without stumbling upon anything very fresh or startling, unless
indeed it was the discovery that "Intelligence is a very delicate matter." This occurred in
the course of a protracted description of what was being done to protect the country against
air raids. The organisation of the anti-aircraft defences was now complete for London and was
approaching completion for the country. But Mr. TENNANT hastened to add for Mr. BILLING'S benefit--the
standard would be still further raised when more material was available.

When he was in the Government Mr. HOBHOUSE was not less economical of information in his official
utterances than any of his Ministerial colleagues. Now that he is out of it he is all for full
disclosure. Why had Mr. TENNANT said nothing of Gallipoli or Salonika, Loos and Neuve Chapelle?
Why, if we were allowed to know that three million goatskins had been provided for the Army,
might we not know how many men were going to wear them? In his view the result of the East
Herts election was due to the Government having kept Parliament in the dark.

At last the stage was clear for Mr. PEMBERTON-BILLING, who, considering how long he had been
kept waiting, made a creditable début.
