I paused and listened; the groaning became
more distinct, and I started at once for the place whence the sounds proceeded; about ten steps
off I discovered the man whose remains lie there (pointing to the deceased), sitting up, with
his back against a big rock. He looked so pale that I thought him already dead, but he continued
to moan until I reached his side. Hearing me approach, he opened his eyes, and begged me, "For
God's sake, give me a drop of water!" I asked him, "What is the matter?" He replied, "I am
shot in the back." "Dangerously?" I demanded. "Fatally!" he faltered. Without waiting to question
him further, I returned to the cabin, told Zenie, my daughter, what I had seen, and sent her
off on a run for the men. Taking with me a gourd of water, some milk and bread--for I thought
the poor gentleman might be hungry and weak, as well as wounded--I hurried back to his side,
where I remained until "father"--as we all call my husband--came with the men. We removed him
as gently as we could to the cabin; then sent for Dr. Liebner, and nursed him until he died,
yesterday, just at sunset.

Question by the Coroner: Did you hear his statement, taken down by the Assistant District-Attorney?--A.
I did.

Q. Did you see him sign it?--A. Yes, sir.

Q. Is this your signature thereto as witness?--A. It is, sir.

(Signed) Dollie Adams.

Deposition of Miss X. V. Adams.

Being first duly sworn, witness testified as follows: My name is Xixenia Volumnia Adams; I
am the daughter of Frank G. Adams and the last witness; I reside with them on the Flat, and
my age is eighteen years. A little past one o'clock on Sunday last my mother came running into
the house and informed me that a man was dying on the side-hill, from a wound, and that I must
go for father and the boys immediately. I ran as fast as my legs would carry me to where they
were "cleaning up," for they never cleaned up week-days on the Flat, and told the news; we
all came back together and proceeded to the spot where the wounded man lay weltering in his
blood; he was cautiously removed to the cabin, where he lingered until yesterday sundown, when
he died.

Question. Did he speak after he reached the cabin?--A. He did frequently; at first with great
pain, but afterward more audibly and intelligibly.

Q. What did he say?--A. First, to send for Squire Jacobs, the Assistant District-Attorney,
as he had a statement to make; and some time afterward, to send for his wife; but we first
of all sent for the doctor.

Q. Who was present when he died?--A. Only myself; he had appeared a great deal easier, and
his wife had lain down to take a short nap, and my mother had gone to the spring and left me
alone to watch. Suddenly he lifted himself spasmodically in bed, glared around wildly and muttered
something inaudible; seeing me, he cried out, "Run! run! run! He has it! Black Bart has got
the vial! Quick! or he'll set the world afire! See, he opens it! O my God! Look! look! look!
Hold his hands! tie him! chain him down! Too late! too late! oh, the flames! Fire! fire! fire!"
His tone of voice gradually strengthened until the end of his raving; when he cried "fire!"
his eyeballs glared, his mouth quivered, his body convulsed, and before Mrs. Gillson could
reach his bedside he fell back stone dead. (Signed) X. V. Adams.

The testimony of Adams corroborated in every particular that of his wife and daughter, but
set forth more fully the particulars of his demoniac ravings. He would taste nothing from a
glass or bottle, but shuddered whenever any article of that sort met his eyes. In fact, they
had to remove from the room the cups, tumblers, and even the castors. At times he spoke rationally,
but after the second day only in momentary flashes of sanity.

The deposition of the attending physician, after giving the general facts with regard to the
sickness of the patient and his subsequent demise, proceeded thus:

I found the patient weak, and suffering from loss of blood and rest, and want of nourishment;
occasionally sane, but for the most part flighty and in a comatose condition. The wound was
an ordinary gunshot wound, produced most probably by the ball of a navy revolver, fired at
the distance of ten paces. It entered the back near the left clavicle, beneath the scapula,
close to the vertebrae between the intercostal spaces of the fifth and sixth ribs; grazing
the pericardium it traversed the mediastinum, barely touching the oesophagus, and vena azygos,
but completely severing the thoracic duct, and lodging in the xiphoid portion of the sternum.
Necessarily fatal, there was no reason, however, why the patient could not linger for a week
or more; but it is no less certain that from the effect of the wound he ultimately died.
