I stopped to listen.  I heard groaning, and looked for the place where the sound came from.  I walked about ten steps, and discovered a man, the same one whose body lies there (points to the deceased), who was sitting with his back against a large rock.  He was very pale, I thought he might be dead, except he kept moaning until I got next to him.  He opened his eyes when he heard me, and said "For the love of God, give me some water!" I asked "What's wrong?" He said "Someone shot me in the back!"  "Is it serious?" I asked.  "It's Fatal" he replied in an exasperated manner.  I didn't ask him any more questions.  I went back to the cabin, told my daughter Zenie about it, and sent her to go get the men.  I grabbed a gourd of water, bread and milk.  I though the poor guy might be hungry, and looked weak in addition to being wounded.  So I hurried back to him, and stayed until "father"--as my husband is called by everyone--arrived with the men.  We moved him, gently as possible, to the cabin.  Then we went for Dr. Liebner, and tried to nurse him back to health, but he died yesterday around sunset.

Coroner's Question: Did you hear the statement by him, that was taken by the Assistant District-Attorney?  A. Yes

Q. Did you witness him sign it? A. Yes, i did.

Q. Is this your signature here, as a witness? A. Yes, it is.

(Signed) Dollie Adams.

Deposition of Miss X.V. Adams.

The witness testified as follows, after being sworn in:  I am Xixenia Volumnia Adams, the daughter of Frank G. Adams, who was the last witness.  I live with them on the Flat, and I'm 18 years old.  Just past one o'clock last Sunday, my mom came running into the house and told me that there was a man dying on the hillsie, a wounded man, and that I should get father and the men right away.  I ran as fast as I could, to where they were "cleaning up," because they didn't clean up on weekdays at the Flat, and I told them what was happening.  All of us came back as one group and went to the spot where the man was, laying in his own blood.  We carefully moved him to the cabin, where he stayed barely alive until yesterday, at sundown, where he finally passed on.

Question. Did he say anything after you moved him to the cabin? A. He spoke quite a bit.  First very painfully, but after some rest he spoke more loudly and clearly.

Q. What did he tell you? A. He asked us to get Squire Jacobs, the Assistant District-Attorney, becuase he wanted to make an official statement.  And later, he asked for his wife.  But we got the doctor first.

Q. Who was there when he died? A. Only me.  He looked like he was getting better, and his wife had laid down to take a nap, and my mom went to the spring and left me by myself to watch over him.  But suddenly, he had a spasm, looke daround with crazy eyes and said something I couldn't hear very well.  He saw me, and yelled "Run! Run! Run! He's got it! Black Bart's got the vial! Quick! Or he's gonna set the world on fire! See, he's opening it! Oh my God!  Look! Look! Look! Grab his hands, tie him, chain him up! Too late!  Its too late! oh, the flames! Fire! Fire! Fire!" His voice got stronger, slowly, until his ranting ended.  When he said the word "fire!" he had a glaring stare, his mouth shook, his body spasmed, and he fell dead, before Mrs. Gillson could reach his side. (Signed) X.V. Adams.

Adams' testimony corroborated every particular detail of his wife and daughter's story, but included more detail about the demonic rantings.  He wouldn't drink from a bottle or glass, and he shook when anything like that was brought to him.  They had to take all the cups, tumblers, and castors from the room!  Sometimes he talked rationally, but the second day he only had temporary periods of sanity.

The physician, after giving general facts about the patient's illness and his death, gave the following deposition:

The patient was weak when I found him, and had a loss of blood, and needed rest and food.  Sometimes he was sane, but mostly flighty and comatose.  His wound was ordinary for a gunshot wound, caused mostly by the ball of a navy revolver in all probability, fired at ten paces.  It entered the patient's back, near the left clavicle, close to the vertebrae, bneath the scapula, between the intercostal spaces of the fifth and sixth ribs; it grazed the pericardium, then traversed the mediastinum, barely touched the oesophagus, and vena azygos, but unfortunately completely severed the thoracic duct, and lodged in the sternum, in the xiphoid portion.  It was definitely a fatal wound, but it is perfectly possible for a patient like this to hang on for a week, sometimes longer.  But I'm positive that this is the wound he died from.
