[Note 1: Stubbs, p. 136.] 

[Note 2: However, "Peter's Pence" was initiated by the NII, the king of the West Saxons, around 690!] 

Now this is a very interesting, and were taken into account by our modern legislators escaped much of unwise legislation, ie the distinction between a sin and a crime. A sin is against the Church, or against one's conscience, matter, therefore, for the priest, or spiritual adviser. A crime is an offense against other men, that is, against the state in which everyone is worried. Under the wise legislation of the twelfth century all matters were sins, which referred to the conscience, remained in the church to prevent or punish. For the same reason, usury was a matter for the priest - because it was under the doctrines of the Bible as a sin. This idea prevailed until the early legislation of the colony of Massachusetts, though no doubt many things that were considered sins would now be considered as crimes such as bigamy, for example. The distinction is, however, a valid and often have occasion to refer to it. We will see that the defect of much of our modern law - the laws of prohibition, for example - is that they try to treat as crimes, as crimes against the state, matters are only sins, crimes against the individual conscience or which commits them. 

Today, all the American constitutions say that a militia is the natural defense of a state of free men. It is interesting, therefore, to find, almost a century after the Norman Conquest. In 1181, the Criminal de Armas, which revived the old Saxon "Fyrd," the word of what we now call the militia, and twenty years before that, "scutage" replaces the military. For loads of the feudal system, compulsory military service and standing armies, our ancestors were opposed from the beginning. In a sense, scutage was the beginning of the taxes, but it was only a commutation for military service, both as a man of today can pay a substitute to go to war at the time of the project. General taxation first appeared in 1188 in the famous Saladin tithe, the first historical case of taxation of property, unlike a burden placed upon the feudal land. The purpose of this tax was to raise money for the crusade against Saladin. It was followed five years later by a tax of one quarter of the income of the person or property to the rescue of King Richard I have gone to the crusade against Saladin, and captured on his return by his good friend and Christian ally, the Holy Roman Emperor. It is interesting to note that the value of the king in those days was considered just one quarter of the common wealth of England. John was less expensive, but he was captured. It imposed a tax of ten years after the first part of session on the barons, and a thirteenth in every man. 

In 1213 two important things happened. The highlight of domination by the Roman Church is reached when the handed King John of England to the Pope, and took it back as a fief of the Pope for a tribute of a thousand marks. The same year, another early test method claims was abolished by the Lateran Council - the view of God. This was the only remaining Saxon method. Norman trial by battle had already been replaced by a jury trial, and from this moment, in practice, no other method that is still a jury, although the trial by battle was not abolished by law until the nineteenth century. 

And then we come to the Magna Carta. The first time it was awarded in 1215 by Juan, but the letter is that it always says enacted ten years later, under Henry III. Were almost identical, but the important omission in the letter of Henry was in regard to "scutage" ("no other help than the three customary feudal aids are usually imposed without the consent of the kingdom"), which, of course, is the principle discussed above, first put in writing in the letter of John. The barons claimed it as part of the unwritten law. But Henry III in his letter that cleverly left - which is a trick that legislatures continue to play a day.
