
[Footnote 1: Stubbs, p. 136.]

[Footnote 2: Yet "Peter's Pence" were initiated by Ini, King of the West Saxons, about 690!]

Now this is a very interesting matter, and were it borne in mind by our modern legislators
they would escape a good deal of unintelligent legislation; that is, the distinction between
a sin and a crime. A sin is against the church, or against one's conscience; matter, therefore,
for the priest, or one's spiritual adviser. A crime is an offence against other men; that is,
against the state, in which all are concerned. Under the intelligent legislation of the twelfth
century all matters which were sins, which concerned the conscience, were left to the church
to prevent or punish. For the same reason usury was matter for the priest--because it was regarded
under the doctrines of the Bible as a sin. This notion prevailed down to the early legislation
of the colony of Massachusetts, though doubtless many things which were then considered sins
would now be regarded as crimes, such as bigamy, for instance. The distinction is, nevertheless,
a valid one, and we shall have occasion frequently to refer to it. We shall find that the defect
of much of our modern legislation--prohibition laws, for instance--is that they attempt to
treat as crimes, as offences against the state, matters which are merely sins, offences against
the conscience or the individual who commits them.

To-day, the American constitutions all say that a militia is the natural defence of a state
of free men. It is interesting; therefore, to find, hardly a century after the Norman Conquest.
In 1181, the Assize of Arms, which revived the ancient Saxon "Fyrd," the word for what we now
call militia; and, twenty years before that, "scutage" replaced military service. To the burdens
of the feudal system, compulsory military service and standing armies, our ancestors objected
from the very beginning. In a sense, scutage was the beginning of taxation; but it was only
a commutation for military service, much as a man to-day might pay a substitute to go to war
in times of draft. General taxation first appears in 1188 in the famous Saladin tithe, the
first historical instance of the taxation of personal property as distinct from a feudal burden
laid upon land. The object of this tax was to raise money for the crusade against the Sultan
Saladin. It was followed, five years later, by a tax of one-fourth of every person's revenue
or goods to ransom the king, Richard I having gone to this crusade against Saladin, and been
captured on his return by his good friend and Christian ally, the Emperor of the Holy Roman
Empire. It is interesting to note that the worth of the king in those days was considered exactly
one-fourth of the common wealth of England. John was less expensive; but he was not captured.
He levied a tax ten years later of one-seventh part on the barons, and one-thirteenth on every man.

In 1213 two important things happened. The high-water mark of domination by the Roman Church
is reached when King John surrendered England to the pope, and took it back as a fief of the
pope for a tribute of one thousand marks. The same year the other early method of trial of
lawsuits was abolished by the Lateran Council--trial by ordeal. This was the only remaining
Saxon method. The Norman trial by battle had already been superseded by trial by jury; and
from this time on, in practice, no other method than a jury remains, though trial by battle
was not abolished by statute until the nineteenth century.

And then we come to Magna Charta. The first time it was granted was in 1215 by John, but the
charter always quoted is that promulgated ten years later under Henry III. They were very nearly
identical, but the important omission in the charter of Henry was in regard to "scutage" ("no
aid other than the three customary feudal aids shall be imposed without the common counsel
of the kingdom"); that, of course, is the principle we have discussed above, first put in writing
in the charter of John. The barons claimed it as part of the unwritten law. But Henry III in
his charter cannily dropped it out--which is a trick still played by legislatures to-day.
