[ OEuvres de Frederic, iii. 135-143; Stille, pp. 144-163;
Orlich, ii. 227-243; Feldzuge, i. 357, 363, 374.]

Prince Karl's scheme was good, says Friedrich; but it was ill executed. He never should have
let us form; his first grand fault was that he waited to be attacked, instead of attacking.
Parts of his scheme were never executed at all. Duke d'Ahremberg, for instance, it is said,
had so dim a notion of the ground, that he drew up some miles off, with his back to the Prussians.
Such is the rumor,--perhaps only a rumor, in mockery of the hebetated old gentleman fallen
unlucky? On the other hand, that Nadasti made a failure which proved important, is indubitable.
Nadasti, with some thousands of Tolpatchery, was at Liebenthal, four miles to southeast of
the action; Ruffian Trenck lay behind Eypel, perhaps as far to east, of it: Trenck and Nadasti
were to rendezvous, to unite, and attack the Prussian Camp on its rear,--"Camp," so ran the
order, for it was understood the Prussians would all be there, we others attacking it in front
and both flanks;--which turned out otherwise, not for Nadasti alone!

Nadasti came to his rendezvous in time; Ruffian Trenck did not: Nadasti grew tired of waiting
for Trenck, and attacked the Camp by himself:--Camp, but not any men; Camp being now empty,
and the men all fighting, ranked at right angles to it, furlongs and miles away. Nadasti made
a rare hand of the Camp; plundered everything, took all the King's Camp-furniture, ready money,
favorite dog Biche,--likewise poor Eichel his Secretary, who, however, tore the papers first.
Tolpatchery exultingly gutted the Camp; and at last set fire to it,--burnt even some eight
or ten poor Prussian sick, and also "some women whom they caught. We found the limbs of these
poor men and women lying about," reports old General Lehwald; who knew about it. A doggery
well worthy of the gallows, think Lehwald and I. "Could n't help it; ferocity of wild men,"
says Nadasti. "Well; but why not attack, then, with your ferocity?" Confused Court-martial
put these questions, at Vienna subsequently; and Ruffian Trenck, some say, got injustice, Nadasti
shuffling things upon him; for which one cares almost nothing. Lehwald, lying at Trautenau,
had heard the firing at sunrise; and instantly marched to help: he only arrived to give Nadasti
a slash or two, and was too late for the Fight. One Schlichtling, on guard with a weak party,
saved what was in the right wing of the Camp,--small thanks to him, the Main Fight being so
near: Friedrich's opinion is, an Officer, in Schlichtling's place, ought to have done more,
and not have been so helpless.

This was the Battle of Sohr; so called because the Austrians had begun there, and the Prussians
ended there. The Prussian pursuit drew bridle at that Village; unsafe to prosecute Austrians
farther, now in the deeps of Kingdom Forest. The Battle has lasted five hours. It must be now
getting towards noon; and time for breakfast, if indeed any were to be had; but that is next
to impossible, Nadasti having been so busy. Not without extreme difficulty is a manchet of
bread, with or without a drop of wine, procured for the King's Majesty this day. Many a tired
hero will have nothing but tobacco, with spring-water, to fall back upon. Never mind! says
the King, says everybody. After all, it is a cheap price to pay for missing an attack from
Pandours in the rear, while such crisis went on ahead.

Lying COUSIN Trenck, of the Life-guard, who is now in Glatz, gives vivid eye-witness particulars
of these things, time of the morning and so on; says expressly he was there, and what he did
there, [Frederic Baron de Trenck, Memoires, traduits par lui-meme (Strasburg and Paris, 1789),
i. 74-78, 79.]--though in Glatz under lock and key, three good months before. "How could I
help mistakes," said he afterwards, when people objected to this and that in his blusterous
mendacity of a Book: "I had nothing but my poor agitated memory to trust to!" A man's memory,
when it gets the length of remembering that he was in the Battle of Sohr while bodily absent,
ought it not to--in fact, to strike work; to still its agitations altogether, and call halt?
