Any of us can lose, or both may be suppressed, but in spite of the arms may be buried in the ground, rust will not eat. " 
"I do not understand their grievances." 

"Do not you understand?" Know then, that despite fourteen centuries have passed since the overthrow Diurbanus Roman eagle, there are still people among us - people now barbarian - who can trace their descent from generation to generation until the time of its former glory. We still have our traditions, if we have nothing and can indicate what stands on the site of the former Sarmisaegethusa, and what the city is built on a Decebal troops overthrew violates the Consulate. And woe to those people! If the graves on which to build their houses should once more open, and the busy streets become a battleground, which has been in the nation, the inheritor of the glory of so many? - The Dacians proud descendants of the legions, the viola? We do not blame any nation for doing what they are today, but no one blame me if I want to restore my people about what they were before. " 

What do you think this is the time? " 

"We have no prophets to tell the time, but it seems that his is not more clearly. Let's try, and our grandchildren if we fail to try again. We have nothing to lose but a few lives, many risks things that are losing value, however, are assembled under the banner of war. After the war. So what would you do if you were like us? - a people who have nothing in this world between which there is no power or head of an executive, as if every third man is named after the Pope, is not able to read every hundredth! People excluded from any employment, living a miserable life in the most serious non-manual work, have a noble city in the country, home to three quarters of its population. Why should we try to know the signs of the times when we will die, or be regenerated! We only have our miseries, and if we lose nothing conquer. Oh! he did wrong to their own peace for a nation so completely negligent! " 

"We do not take up arms to our nation, but for freedom in general." 

"You do wrong. It's the same for us that our leaders can and just let him be just for us, and lift our people, but you will destroy your nation - its power, influence and privileges" - only that it is possible live in a country without a head. " 

A loud noise interrupted the conversation. A disorderly Wallachian troops came home from Decurio, taking victory in a post Hussar Csak front of them. 

"If I went there last night, now have proved their head instead of his Csak. 

The crowd stopped in front of the window Decurio, greeting him with great vocal. 

The Decurio spoke a few words in the language of Wallachia, in which he answered louder than before, while the momentum of Kalpage in the post. 

He returned hastily Decurio all year. Was your name on your Kalpage? "Asked the young man, in evident embarrassment. 

"It was. " 

"Young people unhappy! The people, furious at not having found you are determined to attack the house of your father." 

"And you leave? "Asked the young man out of bed. 

"I dare not contradict, unless they lose their confidence. I can prevent anything." 

"Give Me Up - causing blood vengeance on my head!" 

"I just betrayed me for having concealed, and not save the house of your father." 

"And if they kill the innocent and vulnerable, which is the shame of his fall in the blood?" 

"In me, but I'll give you the means to prevent this misfortune. Do you accept that?" 

"Speak!" 

"I'll give it a disguise, they rush to Kolozsvár and assemble your colleagues - and then come back and protect your home.'ll Wait there, and man to man, in an open honorable combat, the fight is no longer shameful." 

"Thank you, thank you! "Murmured the young man, shaking hands with the Decurio is. 

"No time to lose, and here is the cloak of a peasant - whether it should be questioned, only show this paszura, [7], and mention my name.
