We may both be blotted out, either of us may lose, or both, but though the arms may be buried in the earth, rust will not eat them.
I do not understand your grievances, was the question.  The answer was that why you are not understanding, that  fourteen centuries have passed since the Roman eagle overthrew Diurbanus, there are still those among us,who can trace their descent from generation to generation, up to the times of its past glory. We have still our traditions, and can point out what forest stands in the place of the ancient Sarmisaegethusa, and what town is built where one Decebalus overthrew the far-famed troops of the Consulate.  If the graves over which its houses are built should once more open, and turn the populous streets into a field of battle.  Nation, the heir of so much glory,the proud Dacians, the descendants of the far-famed legions, I do not disapprove any nation for having brought us to what we now are. But let none disapprove me if I desire to restore my people to what they once were.

Question again was that whether believed that this is the time. Answer was that, no prophets to point out the hour, but it seems not seen  clearly. We shall attempt it now, and if we fail our grandchildren will attempt it again. We have nothing to lose but a few lives. You risk much that is worth losing, and yet you assemble beneath the banner of war. Then what would you do if you were like us. People who possess nothing in this world among whom there is not one able or one instructed head. Every third man bears the name of Papa, it is not every hundredth who can read.  People excluded from every employment, who have not one noble city in their country, the home of three-fourths of their people. Why  we seek to know the signs of the times in which we are to die, or be regenerated. We have nothing,  if are conquered we lose nothing. You did wrong for  peace of self to leave a nation to such utter neglect.

We do not take up arms for our nation alone, but for freedom in general. It is all the same  sovereign may be, only let him be just towards us. Raise up our fallen people, will destroy your nation and its power,influence and privileges--merely that you may live in a country without a head.

A loud uproar interrupted the conversation. A disorderly troop of Wallachians approached the Decurio's house, triumphantly. 

If I had I left you last night, they would have exhibited your head instead of your csako.

The crowd halted before the Decurio's window, greeting him with loudly and vehemently.

The Decurio spoke a few words in the Wallachian language, at the same time thrusting forward the kalpag on the pole.

The Decurio turned hastily round asked whether name written on your kalpag,he asked the young man, in evident embarrassment.

It was.so was the reply.

Unhappy youth,  furious at not having found you, are determined to attack your father's house.

And you will permit them? asked the youth, starting from bed.

I should only betray myself for having concealed you; and it would not save your father's house.

And if they murder the innocent and unprotected, on whom will the ignominy of their blood fall?

On me; but I will give you the means of preventing this disgrace. Do you accept it?

Demanded to speak

A disguise; hasten to Kolozsvar and assemble your comrades,--then return and protect your house. I will wait you there, and man to man, in open honorable combat, the strife will no longer be ignominious.

Thanks murmured the youth, pressing the Decurio's hand.

There is not a moment to lose, here is a peasant's mantle,if you should be interrogated, you have only to show this paszura,[7] and mention my name.
