“One of us could be defeated, or both of us could die; but even if we have not laid hands on weapons for a long time, it does not mean we have lost our courage." 
"I am afraid I do not follow." 
"You do not understand? Then maybe you should be made aware that, although we have been conquered by the Romans some fourteen centuries ago, during the rule of Diurbanus, and although we are now seen as among the barbarous, some of us can still trace their ancestry back to times of glory, we have kept some of the traditions and have knowledge of important places for the Dacians . It grieves me that the Dacians have fallen so low. And while this state of affairs cannot be blamed on any other nation, no one should blame me for wishing to see this nation in a better state.”
"But are you sure this is the right moment?" 
"We can never be certain, but we have to try and try again. Look at your people! Unlike us, who have nothing to lose, for you much more is at stake, yet you are more than willing to go to war. After all, what would you do in our situation? If your people were plagued by illiteracy, barred from any other kind of labor but the lowliest, living only in villages, as there is no city despite the size of the territory on which we live on? In this situation, why should we be prudent? You, as a nation, made a grave mistake to behave in such an unjust way with the people you rule and this is why you should expect unrest.”
"Our cause is that of freedom in general." 
"You are making a mistake. You are prepared to fight simply to overthrow rulers, in the process destroying the state. We could not care less who our rulers are, as long as they are correct and compassionate.” 
The conversation was interrupted by great noise outside, caused by a band of Wallachians approaching the house of the Decurio (a kind of mayor). The men were displaying proudly, on top of a pole, a Hungarian soldier’s hat.
"That could have been your head on the pole, instead of the hat, if I had let you outside last night.” 
Stopping in front of the mayor’s window, the men began shouting greetings at those inside. The Decurio spoke to the men in their language, to which they replied with increased volume, all the while agitating and pointing with the hat on the pole towards the house. Embarrassed the Decurio asked the young man whether the hat was his and he replied that indeed, it was.
"They were looking for you and because of their lack of success they now want to attack your father’s house." 
Jumping up from the bed, the young men asked whether the mayor would permit it. The Decurio replied that he could do nothing to intervene because it would mean losing the confidence of the Wallachians. Upon hearing this, the young man encouraged the Decurio to surrender him to the mob, to which the more experienced man answered that such a step would be unwise, since it would not save the young man’s father and also, it would give him away. 
"But then, whose fault will it be if they murder innocent people?" asked the young man.
"It will be my fault. But, I think there may be a solution." 
"Tell me!" 
Thus, the Decurio advised the young mean to rush to the city of Kolozsvar in disguise, whence he should gather men and return to protect his father’s house. Once joined by his friends, the young man would at least have the chance to prevent the slaughtering of innocents by engaging in fair combat with the Wallachian troupe. The young man thanked the Decurio and was further advised that, upon interrogation, he should mention the Decurio’s name and present the house seal.
