And thus, TIME, (to use the words of a [j]learned and most intelligent writer),
"which is more obscure in its course than the Nile, and in its termination than the Niger,"
is disclosing all these things: so that I now begin to think that the before-mentioned critics
will not be able much longer to maintain their theoretical hypothesis.[k]

     [Footnote j: Vide the Rev. C. C. Colton's Lacon, sect. 587. p. 260,
     261.]

     [Footnote k: See various letters on Africa, in this work, p. 443.]

The talents, the extraordinary prudence and forbearance, the knowledge of the Arabic language,
and other essential qualifications in an African traveller, which the ever-to-be-lamented Burckhardt
so eminently possessed, gave me the greatest hopes of his success in his arduous enterprise,
until I discovered, when reading his Travels, that he was poor and despised, though a Muselman.

There is too much reason to apprehend that he was suspected, if not discovered by the Muselmen,
or he would not have been secluded from their meals and society: the Muselmen never (sherik
taam) eat or divide food with those they suspect of deception, nor do they ever refuse to partake
of food with a Muselman, unless they do suspect him of treachery or deception; this principle
prevails so universally among them, that artful and designing people have practised as many
deceptions on the Bedouin under the cloak of hospitality, as are practised in Christian countries
under the cloak of religion! I cannot but suspect, therefore, from the circumstance before
recited, that the Muselmism of Burckhardt was seriously suspected, and that his companions
only waited a convenient opportunity in the Sahara for executing their revenge on him for the
deception.

The very favourable reception that my account of Marocco met with from the British public;
the many things therein stated, which are daily gaining confirmation, although they were doubted
at the period of their publication, have contributed in no small degree, to the production
of the following sheets, in which I can conscientiously declare, that truth has been my guide;
I have never sacrificed it to ambition, vanity, avarice, or any other passion.

The learned, I am flattered to see, are now beginning to adopt my orthography of African names;
they have lately adopted Timbuctoo for the old and barbarous orthography of Timbuctoo; they
have, however, been upwards of ten years about it. In ten years more, I anticipate that Fez
will be changed into Fas, and Morocco into Marocco, for this plain and uncontrovertible reason,--because
they are so spelled in the original language of the countries, of which they are the chief
cities. Since the publication of my account of Marocco, I have seen Arabic words spelled various
ways by the same author (I have committed the same error myself); but in the following work
I have adopted a plan to correct this prevailing error in Oriental orthography, which, I think,
ought to be followed by every Oriental scholar, as the only correct way of transcribing them
in English; viz. by writing them exactly according to the original Arabic orthography, substituting
gr (not gh, as Richardson directs) for the Arabic guttural غ  grain, and kh for the guttural
k or خ --

Note. We should be careful not to copy the orthography of Oriental or African names from the
French, which has too often been done, although their pronunciation of European letters is
very dissimilar from our own.

                              CONTENTS.

An Account of a Journey from Fas to Timbuctoo, performed about the year 1787, by El Hage Abd
Salam Shabeeny.                             Page 1

Route to Timbuctoo.--Situation of the City.--Population.--Inns or Caravanseras, called Fondaks.--Houses.--Government.--Revenue.--Army.
Administration of Justice.--Succession to Property.--Marriage.--Trade. Manufactures.--Husbandry.--Provisions.--Animals.--Birds.--Fish.--Prices
of different Articles.--Dress.--Time.--Religion.--Diseases.--Manners and Customs.--Neighbouring
Nations.

Journey from Timbuctoo to Housa                                     37

The River Neel or Nile.--Housa.--Government.--Administration of Justice--Landed Property,--Revenues.--Army.--Trade.--Climate.
Zoology.--Diseases.--Religion.--Persons.--Dress.--Buildings.--Manners. Gold.--Limits of the Empire.

Letters, containing an Account of Journies through various Parts of West and South Barbary,
at different Periods, personally performed by J.G. Jackson.                               
55

LETTER I. (To James Willis, Esq., late British Consul for Senegambia.) On the Opening of the
Port of Agadeer, or Santa Cruz, in the Province of Suse; and of its Cession by the Emperor
Muley Yezzid to the Dutch. ibid.
