And therefore, TIME, (to use the words of a smart and most intellectual writer), "which is more obscure in its course than the Nile, and in its termination than the Niger," is relateing all these things: so that I now know that the before-mentioned critics will not maintain their theoretical hypothesis much longer.[k]
[Footnote j: Vide the Rev. C. C. Colton's Lacon, sect. 587. p. 260, 261.]
[Footnote k: See various letters on Africa, in this work, p. 443.]
The talents, the astonishing forethought and acceptance, the knowledge of the Arabic language, and other gained experience in an African traveller, which the forever grieved over Burckhardt so highly possessed, gave me the highest expectations of his success in his demanding venture. I then found out when I read his Travels that even though he was a Muselman, he was poor and despised.
There is evidence that he was suspected, if not found out by the Muselmen, or he would not have been cast out from their society: the Muselmen never (sherik taam) associate with those they suspect of deception, nor do they ever refuse to partake of food with a Muselman, unless they do suspect him of treachery or deception. This moral they have applies to all, that artful and designing people have adept as many deceptions on the Bedouin under the cover of hospitality, as are practiced under the cloak of religion in Christian countries! I can only deduce from the condition just stated, that the Muselmism of Burckhardt was critically suspected, and that his kinsman only waited for the opportune time in the Sahara for taking their revenge for his deceit. 
The British public approved of my account of Marocco; the many things in that stated, which are receiving substantiation every day, although at first, they were not believed, have contributed largely, to the creation of the following sheets, in which I can say that I have been entirely truthful; I have never given in to self-importance, avarice, ambition, or any other passion.
I am pleased to see that the educated are now beginning to accept my orthography of African names; they have lately implemented Timbuctoo for the old and barbarous orthography of Timbuctoo. However, they have taken almost ten years to do so. In ten years more, I foresee that Fez will be changed into Fas, and Morocco into Marocco, for this simple and undeniable reason: they are written this way in the original language of the countries, of which they are the prime cities. Since the publication of my report of Marocco, I have seen Arabic words spelled many different ways by the same author (I have done so myself); but in this work I have come up with a plan to correct this problem in Oriental orthography, which needs to be followed by every Oriental scholar, as the only proper way of transcribing them in English; viz. by writing them in keeping with the original Arabic orthography exactly, substituting gr (not gh, as Richardson directs) for the Arabic guttural غ grain, and kh for the guttural k or خ --
Note. We should not copy the orthography of Oriental or African names from the French, which has frequently and wrongly been done, although their pronunciation of European letters is quite different from our own.
CONTENTS.
An Account of a Journey from Fas to Timbuctoo, performed about the year 1787, by El Hage Abd Salam Shabeeny. Page 1
Route to Timbuctoo.--Situation of the City.--Population.--Inns or Caravanseras, called Fondaks.--Houses.--Government.--Revenue.--Army. Administration of Justice.--Succession to Property.--Marriage.--Trade. Manufactures.--Husbandry.--Provisions.--Animals.--Birds.--Fish.--Prices of different Articles.--Dress.--Time.--Religion.--Diseases.--Manners and Customs.--Neighbouring Nations.
Journey from Timbuctoo to Housa 37
The River Neel or Nile.--Housa.--Government.--Administration of Justice--Landed Property,--Revenues.--Army.--Trade.--Climate. Zoology.--Diseases.--Religion.--Persons.--Dress.--Buildings.--Manners. Gold.--Limits of the Empire.
Letters, containing an Account of Journies through various Parts of West and South Barbary, at different Periods, personally performed by J.G. Jackson. 55
LETTER I. (To James Willis, Esq., late British Consul for Senegambia.) On the Opening of the Port of Agadeer, or Santa Cruz, in the Province of Suse; and of its Cession by the Emperor Muley Yezzid to the Dutch. ibid.
