The remedies that have proved most successful in the cholera morbus of India have evidently
proved injurious in the disease so denominated in Russia. As a security against the contagion,
our correspondent recommends brandy with laudanum; the former to keep up the vigour of the
abdominal viscera, and the latter to prevent morbid excitability of the system, which predisposes
the body to the action of the contagion. In India, brandy and laudanum have been very successfully
administered in cases of the cholera of that country. As the recommendation of our correspondent
appears to be very reasonable, we advise those who believe in the predictions of a certain
popular preacher, that the disease will reach our shores before autumn, to lay in a good stock
of genuine brandy and laudanum. Notwithstanding bleeding, calomel in small and large doses,
opium, cajeput oil, sub-carbonate of ammonia, muriatic acid, camphor fumigation, warm covering,
and friction have been employed, the disease has run its regular course, and the result, in
every case, seems to have depended on the natural stamina of the patients. To those who had
freely indulged in wine or spirits, it has generally terminated fatally. Among the Russians
it has proved more fatal than among the Poles, in consequence, as it is supposed, of the great
quantity of fish-oil the former take at every meal.

       *       *       *       *       *

We quote the preceding from Dr. Reece's Gazette of Practical Medicine.

       *       *       *       *       *

In the Atlas we find the following:--An eminent surgeon, Mr. Hope, who has had thirty years'
practice, in which he has treated cases of cholera morbus very successfully, has made public
the means which he used for the general good. He says, "The remedy I gave was one drachm of
nitrous acid (not nitric, that has foiled me), one ounce of peppermint-water or camphor mixture,
and 40 drops of tincture of opium. A fourth part every three or four hours in a cupful of thin
gruel. The belly should be covered with a succession of hot cloths dry; bottles of hot water
to the feet, if they can be obtained; constant and small sippings of finely strained gruel,
or sago, or tapioca; no spirit, no wine, no fermented liquors, till quite restored." The French
surgeons now use laudanum and abstain from venesection. Another recipe is simply repeated draughts
of hot water in large quantities.

       *       *       *       *       *

A subsequent communication to the Medical Gazette is as follows:--

We have learnt by the last arrivals from St. Petersburgh that one of the most celebrated and
intelligent of the physicians in the Russian service has been employed in tracing the progress
of the cholera, and the inference at which he has arrived is, that the disease is propagated
exclusively by contagion, and not in any degree by atmospherical influence. In the spring of
1830 it appeared at Corason, the residence of Abbas Mirza, in Persia, where several of the
Russian mission died of it, and Prince Dolgonrowky, the minister, narrowly escaped after a
severe attack. In July it broke out in the Russian province of Schirvan and Bacon; whence it
found its way by land to Tifflis, and by sea, from the port of Bacon to Astracan. In these
towns it made its appearance nearly at the same time, viz. about July 20th. No precautions
were taken, and it extended rapidly throughout Georgia, always following the course of the
principal roads; and in no instance did it appear in any village, or in houses, unless individuals
from the infected towns visited them. A Moravian village almost in the immediate line of road,
thus entirely escaped, while the disease raged around it. Alarm having been excited at Bacon,
many persons fled along the Volga, and carried the disease with them, which appeared at Jondayersk
on the 22nd of July; at Krasnoyar on the 25th; at Tzarilzin on the 6th of August; Donbooka
and Saratoff on the 7th; at Khvalnisk on the 19th; Novogorod on the 27th; Koshoma on the 3rd
of September; Yaroslaff 6th; and at Rybinsk on the 10th. In all these places, the first victims
were navigators of the Volga, or others arrived from places where it already raged.
