If there was any truth in skipping the beliefs, they associate more explicitly to music, and musical genres and science, than to the fine arts, that we have narrowed our views. Music is primarily a social longing. It can be advanced only in the social scene, like clubs and bars. While genres come and go when their popularity is snuffed out by the next big sound, while music that stays arround for the ages is rare. A great musician can tune himself with his instument over the stretch of time with much work and sweat put into aquiring his profesional status, he can stick to his starting genre and compare his progress only to those who have played before him and have been declaired as great. The best way to aquire this fame is to head to the "big city" and play among the people, where he can be heard, those who decide to keep their talents to themselves will never make it in the music industry.

It could seem odd at a quick glance, and well we can concider it to be placed into the argument, that it is impossible that all forms of art seem lesser than literature in all its forms. Some writers and playwrights have never fallen from fame even today, Shakspeare has three differing forms of a single play out there. Poetry as stated in multiple different poems is immortal. Book after book continues to trump the last "hit" out of the public's eye. The Twilight Series, for example, quickly overtook the once popular Harry Potter Series. Some people claim that their country has produced a higher quality of poet than any other. Honestly who can say that their nation is better than all the others? There is no such thing as a better brand of poet, because true poetry can be undersood and taken in by all its readers. The boasts of superficial poets being compaired to one groups depth and understanding of their poems.

Whereas novels are for entertainment and are for the most part relaxing and effortless, music takes a much deeper understanding.  Music and fine arts require cultivation, one must be educated to correctly arbitrate it, unlike poetry and common writing which only takes the ability to read.

Even in mans vast history, you find that it is completely ordinary in our civilizations, how poetry and via word of mouth, the most free these versions of art have ever been are seen more in the early stages of society, and with them we as human beings have transformed into the most intellectual creatures on this planet.

Some of the earliest forms of wrighting have been destroyed and we will never know how some cultures used words in the past. The Egyptians are the best example of this with the Ptolemies Library being destroied, what remains of these people, and how they worked with stones that to this day we cannot recreate show us that the arts can advance beyond the technology of the times. This day and age we can only attain a small amount of these great peoples proficincy in their trade. Flaxman stated that they were "mere beginners," and "laborious mechanics" When the Egyptian art came to its abrupt end, the Greeks began. It seems that they had made only a small ammount of progress towards the Egiptian greatness. Only a few artest from that time still have their fame. Homer, Daedalus, and his student Eudaeus are among those few that have their names carved into the stones of time, just as they have carved stone into the art that brought them their fame.
