If there be any truth in the foregoing speculations,
they apply more particularly to music, and musical taste and science, than to the fine arts,
to which we have hitherto confined our observations. Music is peculiarly a social pursuit.
It can be cultivated only among the haunts of men. The taste deteriorates, and the mental standard
of excellence which each possesses, is lowered when really good music is seldom or never heard.
By "the million," it can be heard only while mixing with the world at large; the performer
can acquire his mastery over the instrument, at the cost of much time and labour, and he can
maintain this mastery, and the purity of his style, only where he can compare himself with
others of acknowledged excellence. This can be done only where men congregate in large and
populous cities, where the want of amusement is best supplied; the recluse or the solitary
man can be no musician.

It may seem anomalous at first sight, and we can well conceive it to be objected to our argument,
that it is impossible, that while architecture, sculpture, painting, and music, should have
been comparatively neglected, that literature, in all its branches, should be so highly esteemed
among us. Milton, and more especially Shakspeare, have never lost one tittle of their value;
nay, even at this moment, there are three rival editions of Shakspeare's works in the course
of publication. Many volumes of poetry put in their claim to immortality every year. Novel
after novel appears each to elbow its predecessor out of the public mind, and be in its turn
forgotten. It is easy to imagine, that to many it may appear a paradox in the history of the
human race, that a people should exist, endowed by nature with a high degree of poetic feeling,
having, as Mr Hallam observes, produced more eminent original poets than any other nation can
boast, and attaching a high value to literary talent of every description, but, nevertheless,
whose attainments in the fine arts during a thousand years of national existence, should never
have passed mediocrity. This apparent inconsistency, however, lies only on the surface. The
language of true poetry is understood by all; it strikes home: however rude the thoughts, however
uncultivated the understanding, the heart can feel; and it is to the heart the poet speaks;
and even in the rudest ages of mankind his power was acknowledged. Voltaire has remarked, that
"amusement is one of the wants of man".

Novels are taken up to amuse the vacant hour--in this consists their use. They are read without
effort--the mind lies fallow as they are perused, and no study is required, no cultivation
of any taste is necessary, to place this amusement within reach. With music and the fine arts,
this is not so. The taste for these pursuits requires cultivation; and in order to estimate
and appreciate them correctly, the judgment must be formed by a process of education, far different
from that which enables all who read to value our poets and authors in the various departments
of literature.

On examining the records of mankind, it will be found that this has been the ordinary succession
of events in the history of civilization; and that poetry and oratory, the more independent
efforts of the human mind, appear in the earlier stages of society, and that by them man is
first distinguished as an intellectual and rational creature.

Of Egyptian literature, we know nothing. The destruction of the library of the Ptolemies may
be the principal cause of our ignorance. The gigantic remains of this people, and the manner
in which they worked in a stone which no modern tool will touch, show that among them the useful
arts were considerably advanced. We have, however, abundant evidence of the small degree of
proficiency in the fine arts. Their sculptors are characterized by Flaxman as "mere beginners,"
or "laborious mechanics;" their works as "lifeless forms, menial vehicles of an idea." When
Egyptian art ended, then Grecian art began. It appears, however, to have made but little progress
down to the time of Homer; and Daedalus and his disciple Eudaeus are, we believe, the only
artists of that early period whose fame has survived.
