A tepid bath is beneficial to increase prespiration and to determine action to surface. But it is a inconvenient remedy even if it afford a considerable relief. So pediluvia and hot bricks on which water with vinegar was poured are used. But this is not done until the pulse is brought down  by the lancet .
     According to my observations no patient is recovered from yellow fever to whom tartarized antimony or any other remedy of the same class is given. This give rise to symptoms like acute irritation of the stomach and upper portion of the small intestine.I have seen a family of five members who were treated with emitics and fallen victims  to the fever and the remaining three family members treated according to my view of pathology  of disease recovered. From my own observations and watching other physicians practise I came in the conclusion to abandon totally the use of tartar emetic in the treatment of this malady. Ipecacuanha in emetic doses was tried by me, but it also proved to be harmful rather than beneficial. Tartar emetic  is especialy not useful in the state of high fever not in the collapse which sometimes precede it and at  this stage some physicians of the southern states use it. But in my opinion it is not advisable in such cases as the digestive organs are too implicated  to use  so powerful and acrid remedy.
            The disadvantageous of emetics especially tartarized antimony is not only the irritation in the intestines but also it leads to vomiting tendency  during which the stomach is compressed by the abdominal muscles, and made to contract very forcibly. Purgatives even though irritating in the beginning is effective in the treatment of yellow fever. I am sure from my long years of practise no patient die of this disease whose bowels had been well evacuated and to whom perspiration had been excited within the first 24 hours of the attack.Mild purgatives are found to be more effective than those of severe and irritating nature. Senna adidulated with lemon juice or tamarinds, castor oil, manna, salts and magnesia are effective when the stomach could retain it. Calomel is prescrbed by me for children  and to adults who could not retain other purgative medicines. The doses should be sufficient to ensure purgative effect. Arousing pytalism in malignant diseased is favourable. But it takes too much time.
     To promote the use of above remedies purgatives should be given in the early stage of fever followed  by emollient decoction injections.Thus the patient will  be comforted and relieved.
