In order to excite perspiration and to determine action to the
surface, a tepid bath was occasionally prescribed, and in some cases afforded considerable
relief; but as it was an inconvenient remedy, pediluvia, and hot bricks on which water, or
water mixed with vinegar was poured, were substituted. In cases, however, in which much arterial
action existed, these last means were not prescribed, until the pulse had been brought down
by the lancet, and other remedies presently to be mentioned.

On the subject of emetics, I shall not enlarge; as I can safely assert, that I very seldom
saw a patient recover from yellow fever, to whom tartarized antimony, or any other active remedy
of the same class, had been administered. Of the impropriety and danger of this practice in
the present disease, I was early convinced from a careful analysis of the symptoms, indicating
an acute irritation of the stomach and upper portion of the small intestines, and from the
circumstance, that, of the first family in which I was called to prescribe, five members, to
whom emetics had been administered, had already fallen victims to the fever, under the care
of a very respectable physician, and that three succeeding ones, who were treated agreeably
to my view of the pathology of the disease, recovered. From these facts and reflections, I
was induced to watch the effects of these remedies in subsequent cases, in my own practice,
and in the practice of other physicians, and was soon led, from this extended experience, to
abandon totally the use of tartar emetic in the treatment of this malady. Ipecacuanha in emetic
doses was also tried by me; but although, thus administered, it did not occasion the bad effects
resulting from the exhibition of the preceding article, yet it was often productive of harm,
and never of benefit. These remarks, however, apply more particularly to the use of tartar
emetic during the state of excitement of the fever, and not to that of collapse which sometimes
precede it, and in which it is recommended by some physicians of the southern states. In this
condition of the system, I have never resorted to it, and, I must confess, could not easily
be persuaded to do so; suspecting that even in such cases, the digestive organs are already
too far implicated, to justify the use of so powerful and acrid a remedy.

It would seem that the bad effects of emetics, and more particularly of tartarized antimony,
resulted, not only from their irritating qualities, but also from the efforts of vomiting,
during which the stomach is compressed by the abdominal muscles, and made to contract very
forcibly. To this opinion I am naturally led from the circumstance, that purgatives, whose
action is certainly primarily irritating, are very advantageously employed in yellow fever.
It is not my intention to attempt here an explanation of this seeming contradiction. Leaving
to others the accomplishment of this difficult task, I shall content myself with stating, that
during the whole course of my long practice, I have seldom seen a patient die of this disease,
whose bowels had been well evacuated, and in whom perspiration had been excited within the
first twenty-four hours after the attack. I exhibited purgatives in almost every instance every
day, until copious evacuations had been procured, and I generally found, that the mild purges
were of greater service than those of a severe and irritating nature. Senna, acidulated with
lemon juice or tamarinds, answered sometimes remarkably well, when the stomach could retain
it. Castor oil, manna, salts, magnesia, were frequently employed by me with advantage; and
although I did not make an extensive use of calomel in this disease, yet I prescribed it to
children, and to adults, who, owing to great irritability of the stomach, could not retain
other purgative medicines. When I resorted to it, I generally did so in doses sufficient to
ensure a purgative effect, and never with a view of exciting ptyalism. In doing this, I was
not guided, however, by any fear of the effects of a salivation, since I was well aware that
a ptyalism occurring in malignant diseases is often a favourable crisis; but by a knowledge
of the great difficulty experienced in producing it, and from the observation, that in cases
in which it was obtained, much valuable time had been lost, and the patient might have recovered
without.

To promote the operation of the above remedies, purgative enemata were resorted to, in the
early stage of the fever; and were followed by the frequent use of injections, composed of
emollient decoctions, from which the patient derived considerable relief and comfort.

As counter-irritants, blisters and sinapisms were used, and often with great advantage.
