To make sweat and bring action about, a warm bath was sometimes ordered, it was helpful sometimes.  However, since it wasn't convenient, pediluvia (hot bricks on which water and vinegar are poured) served fine substitutes.  If there were occasions in which there was too much arterial action, these methods were not used until the heartbeat was slowed by the lancet and other procedures. 

Now,  speaking of emetics, I don't have to elaborate.  I don't see a patient very often recover from yellow fever that was covered with tartar, or any similar sort of remedy.  Tartarization is a dangerous practice for yellow fever.  I knew early on, because it caused irritation of the stomach and small intestines.  In one case, emetics were used on a family I prescribed.  They were very sick from the fever, but with my aid they recovered.  Because of the experience this gave me, I more closely watched the effects of these in not only my own practice, but the practice of my peers.  I decided to entirely cease the use of tartar emetics.   Ipecacuaha proved also to be a bad choice.  While it did not have the same effects as the tartar emetic, it caused a different kind of harm and never any cures.  All of these comments however refer to the use of emetics during the climax of fever, and not during the collapse, during which it is sometimes reccomended to use by southern doctors.  I have honestly never used it during that time, and I don't believe I could be persuaded to, because during such states the digestive organs are far too fragile to withstand such a powerful treatment

It appears that the negatives of emetics, particularly tartar emetics are at fault of their bad qualities, but more importantly the vomiting they cause.  While vomiting the stomach muscles are compressed by the abdominals and are caused to contract.  Because of this, I believe that purgatives, while irriating in action, can be used to positive effect in yellow fever.  I have no intention to explain this strange phenomenon, that is the task of others.  I am content in saying that during my many years of practice, I have not seen a person die of yellow fever who had empty bowels, and who sweated and was excited within a day after the attack.  I used purgatives in practically every instance every day, until many evacuations had been made. I discovered that gentler purges had better effect than the more irritating purges.  Senna, mixed with lemon jucie or taarinds for acidity, worked very well when the stomach could take it.  I often used castor oil, manna salts and magnesia, although i did not extensively use calomel with this disease I precribed it to children and adults whose stomachs were too sensitive for other purgatives.  When I had to use it, I used doses strong enough for a purgative effect, and never to cause ptyalism.  I never feared excess salivation in this, because I knew ptyalism in malignant diseases is a positive thing, however I knew that there was often not an excess salivation, and much time could be lost. 

In summary, purgative enemata were used in the early stages of the fever and followed by use of emmolient decotion injections, which caused great relief and comfort to the patient. 

To remedy irritation, blisters and sinapisms were used.  They were very effective.
