Our first visit was to a town, which really had the stuff to show and impress, a town that was situated in the center of this land. There were straight streets that however ran in at some cross-angle.
I do admit that I was taken aback when I heard from my friends, so many nice things about its wealth, trading strength etc of these parts of the world; incidentally the place was my own birthplace, and  I knew and have also seen it that the men around there were all a mere mass or horde of nasty, disagreeable slaves. What does their trade mean to ours, or for that matter to that of Spain and France? As compared to our fleets, where will their useless, rubbish of barks and so-considered boats and ports stand? A single large war ship from our side would suffice to sink all their  ware of the port; one line of the French army would swamp all their horses and as for their ports the less said the better since it will not stand a siege of even one month by us to rip them apart.   
In three weeks we were in their main town. Once we had built a sizeable quantum of stock of  tea, shawls, fans, raw silks, and such like goods, we moved to the north. As we were aware that there was a lot of possibility of exposure to harm, we took the precaution of taking a strong force with us to work as guards, and to shield us from the wild herd that wandered all round the region.  Some men in our group were Scots who had been here for trading, and were very wealthy, and it was great pleasure for me to join them, as they had been around here before also. 
Five guides accompanied us and we pooled up our coins and put them all in one purse to buy food on the way and to pay the men who were in charge of us. A chief  was chosen out of us to be at the command too in case we have a fight in our hands and need to save our own lives and ofcourse when the moment came we saw there was absolutely no need for the lead etc.  On the sides of all the roads, there were men who were manufacturing cups, pots, pens and other wares of that kind out of the type of earth, that was available there and which veritably was the main trade there.
The guide meanwhile said to me that he shall show me something which it may not be possible to see any where else in the world (and this I could not contemptuously dismiss as I had done of all other things of this place) and this was a house that was built of a kind of ware such as the cups and plates were made of. I asked of him the size of the same as to whether it can get on to my horse back. The guide, surprised, said that there were not less than two scores of men living in there. He later took us there and I saw it to be in fact a large house, constructed with lath and the best ware that one can make out of earth. The sun was hot the rays striking the walls that were quite white, hard and as smooth as glass with paintings on walls in blue shade. The walls of the rooms were having small square tiles of the finest ware, in different colors like red, blue, green paints of every shade and hues, in rare forms, done in excellent aesthetic sense. Since they used the same earth to make the joints between the tiles it was hardly possible to distinguish the separation of tiles from one to the other. The floors were also of the same ware and they were as strong as the ones at our homes back; the same was applicable to the roofs as well except that the shades used were of a darker hue. Were there to be more time at my disposal then I should have gladly gone around the house to see other things like ponds for fishes, the walks, the yards, and courts which were all made in the same manner. I had taken more than two hours to see things around this fashion that kept me away from my colleagues and I was penalized for the holdup of the group, with having to pay a fine to the chief.
In two days we had reached the Great Wall whose construction was made like a fortress in order to give protection and ensure safety of the whole place—and a wonderful work at that. For miles and miles it runs on a long track and the rocks have been kept so high and steep that no intruder can dare climb it; or if at all they could manage then no wall could check them. The Great Wall is also very thick, rather as thick as it is high, and in its path it is puzzling with queer turns and winds.
We now came across a horde of troops for the first time who moved around from place to place to rob, loot, and kill any and everyone they came across. There seemed no real way of doing things nor was there skill to be noticed in their moorings. Each had a poor lean horse that had no great fitness to go about and work. Our chief gave us the permission to move out and hunt as they say, and whatever we could lay our hands on our hunting expedition if we may call it that was sheep only. The sheep were wild and agile moving around fast; but they would not run far making it relatively easy for the hunter to have it easy if you set up a chase.They move in flocks of a score, or two, and like true sheep keep together when they fly.
