A lake
watered by innumerable tortuous rills wriggling into it, is well calculated for the fabled
abode of the king of the snakes. Thus doubtless it happened that both Algonkins and Iroquois
had a myth that in the great lakes dwelt a monster serpent, of irascible temper, who unless
appeased by meet offerings raised a tempest or broke the ice beneath the feet of those venturing
on his domain, and swallowed them down.[108-1]

The rattlesnake was the species almost exclusively honored by the red race. It is slow to attack,
but venomous in the extreme, and possesses the power of the basilisk to attract within reach
of its spring small birds and squirrels. Probably this much talked of fascination is nothing
more than by its presence near their nests to incite them to attack, and to hazard near and
nearer approaches to their enemy in hope to force him to retreat, until once within the compass
of his fell swoop they fall victims to their temerity. I have often watched a cat act thus.
Whatever explanation may be received, the fact cannot be questioned, and is ever attributed
by the unreflecting, to some diabolic spell cast upon them by the animal. They have the same
strange susceptibility to the influence of certain sounds as the vipers, in which lies the
secret of snake charming. Most of the Indian magicians were familiar with this singularity.
They employed it with telling effect to put beyond question their intercourse with the unseen
powers, and to vindicate the potency of their own guardian spirits who thus enabled them to
handle with impunity the most venomous of reptiles.[109-1] The well-known antipathy of these
serpents to certain plants, for instance the hazel, which bound around the ankles is an efficient
protection against their attacks, and perhaps some antidote to their poison used by the magicians,
led to their frequent introduction in religious ceremonies. Such exhibitions must have made
a profound impression on the spectators, and redounded in a corresponding degree to the glory
of the performer. "Who is a manito?" asks the mystic meda chant of the Algonkins. "He," is
the reply, "he who walketh with a serpent, walking on the ground, he is a manito."[109-2] And
the intimate alliance of this symbol with the most sacred mysteries of religion, the darkest
riddles of the Unknown, is reflected in their language, and also in that of their neighbors
the Dakotas, in both of which the same words manito, wakan, which express divinity in its broadest
sense, are also used as generic terms signifying this species of animals! This strange fact
is not without a parallel, for in both Arabic and Hebrew, the word for serpent has many derivatives,
meaning to have intercourse with demoniac powers, to practise magic, and to consult familiar
spirits.[110-1]

The pious founder of the Moravian brotherhood, the Count of Zinzendorf, owed his life on one
occasion to this deeply rooted superstition. He was visiting a missionary station among the
Shawnees, in the Wyoming valley. Recent quarrels with the whites had unusually irritated this
unruly folk, and they resolved to make him their first victim. After he had retired to his
secluded hut, several of their braves crept upon him, and cautiously lifting the corner of
the lodge, peered in. The venerable man was seated before a little fire, a volume of the Scriptures
on his knees, lost in the perusal of the sacred words. While they gazed, a huge rattlesnake,
unnoticed by him, trailed across his feet, and rolled itself into a coil in the comfortable
warmth of the fire. Immediately the would-be murderers forsook their purpose and noiselessly
retired, convinced that this was indeed a man of God.

A more unique trait than any of these is its habit of casting its skin every spring, thus as
it were renewing its life. In temperate latitudes the rattlesnake, like the leaves and flowers,
retires from sight during the cold season, and at the return of kindly warmth puts on a new
and brilliant coat. Its cast-off skin was carefully collected by the savages and stored in
the medicine bag as possessing remedial powers of high excellence. Itself thus immortal, they
thought it could impart its vitality to them.
