A lake supplied by many intricate streams winding into it, is appropriate for the legendary dwelling of the most powerful of snakes. This is surely why both Algonkins and Iroquois had a legend about a huge, angry snake that lived in the great lakes, who would cause storms or break ice below people walking over his abode and take them down with him.[108-1]

Rattlesnakes are a type of animal praised above almost all others by Native Americans. It isn't quick when it strikes but is very poisonous and can lure little birds and squirrels into the range of its attack. There's a good chance that this fixation is only to entice them to strike, and to carefully come nearer until the opponent runs away, until they are undone by their curiosity when in range. Felines also act this way. No matter how it's rationalized, it's indisputable that there's some kind of trancce caused by the creature. They have similarly odd vulnerability to the effects of some audio as snakes, which is the key to snake charming. The majority of Indian sorcerers knew this curiosity well. They used it successfully to show without a doubt their closeness with the invisible beings, and to confirm the power of their own helpful spirits who apparently let them freely handle the most poisonous of snakes.[109-1] The dislike of certain plants by these snakes that is common knowledge, such as the hazel, which protects against the strikes when tied to the lower legs, and may counteract the venom such as when used by the sorcerers, meant they would often be introduced to spiritual services. These ceremonies are often important for the viewers and brought fame to the practitioner. According to a spiritual chant of the Algonkins, a manito is "he who walks with a serpent, walking on the ground".[109-2] And the close bond of the icon with the most high enigmas of religion, the deepest mysteries of the ether, is shown in the Algonkins' (and the Dakotas', their neighbors') language. In those two, the same words (manito and wakan), which refer to a higher power in the general form, are used when speaking about this type of creature. There are also other examples, such as in Hebrew and Arabic, where the word for "snake" has quite a few meanings, such as to become close with evil spirits, do magic, or talk to other powers.[110-1]

The religious creator of the Moravian fraternity, the Count of Zinzendorf, was saved by this crucial myth. He toured an outpost of missionaries to the Shawnees in the Wyoming valley. These anarchistic people were angered by disputes with white people and they wanted to make the Count the inaugural sufferer. When he went to bed in his distant shelter, several warriors snuck up on him and looked in, carefully raising the corner. The august man was sitting in front of a small flame, a book of holy verses in his lap, in a daze because he was reading these holy writings. While they looked, a giant rattlesnake that he didn't notice slithered on his feet and coiled in the soothing warmness of the flames. Without hesitation, the prospective killers abandoned their cause and snuck back out, sure that the Count was a holy man.

An even stranger characteristic than those is the ritual of shedding its skin after every winter, being reborn. In mild climates, the rattlesnake (like flora and leaves) stays hidden during the cold season, only to change into new clothing for the renewed heat. The shedded skin was painstakingly taken by the natives and kept with medicinal supplies like it had healing powers. Since it wasn't mortal, the natives thought it could transfer that property.
