In foreign affairs its power is always very great, and its prestige is greatly enhanced during war time. Naturally this is enough because such cosmopolitans have a contact with the outer world that most people do not possess. In the capitals they have dined with each other, and their sense of national humour is no mere abstraction; its a concrete experience of being approved or snubbed by their friends.Dr.Kennicott of Gopher Prairie worries little about what Winston thinks and a great deal what Ezra Stowbody thinks, but to Mrs. Mingott whose daughter is married to the Earl of Swithin it matters a lot when she visits her daughter, or entertains Winston himself. Both Dr.Kennicott and Mrs.Mingott are sensitive socially, but Mrs.Mingott is sensitive to a social that governs the world, while Dr.Kennicott's sense of social governs only in the world of Gopher Prairie. But in matters that effect the larger relationships of the Great Society, Dr.Kennicott will often be found holding what he thinks is purely his own opinion, though, as a matter of fact, its trickled down to Gopher Prairie from High Society, transmuted on its passage through the provincial social sets.

4

It is not our part to attempt an account of the social tissue. We need to have it in our mind how big is the part played by the social set in our spiritual contact with the world, how it tends to fix what is admissible, and to determine how it shall be judged. affairs within its immediate competence each set more or less determines for itself. Mainly it determines the analysed administration of the judgement. But the judgement itself is formed on patterns[Footnote:Cf.Part III] that may be inherited from the past, transmitted or imitated from other social sets. The highest social set consists of those who embody the leadership of the Great Society. As against almost every other social set where the bulk of the opinions are placed first hand only about local affairs , in this Highest Society the big decisions of war and peace, of social strategy and the ultimate distribution of political power, are intimate experiences within a circle of what , potentially at least, are personal acquintances.

Since contact and positioning play a major part in determining what can be seen, heard, read, and experienced, as well as what it is permissible to see, hear, read, and know, it is not a wonder that moral judgement is much more common than common than constructive thought. Yet in truly effective thinking the main need is to liquidate judgements, regain an innocent eye, disentangle feelings, be curious and open-hearted. Man's history of being what it is, political opinion on the scale of the Great Society requires an amount of selfless equanimity rarely attainable by any for any duration of time. We are concerned in public affairs, but struck in our private ones. The time and attention are limited that we can spare for labour of not taking opinions for granted, and we are subjected to constant interruption.

CHAPTER IV

TIME AND INTENTION

NATURALLY it gets possible to make a rough estimation of the amount of attention people give every day to inform themselves about public affairs. Yet it is interesting that three estimates that I have examined agree tolerably well, though they were made at different times, in different places, and by various methods.[Footnote;ly,1900.D.F.Wilcox, The American Newspaper: A Study in Social Psychology, Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science, vol.xvi,p.56.(The statistical tables are reproduced in James Edward Rogers,The American Newspaper.)

1916(?)W.D.Scott, The Psychology of Advertising,pp.225-248. See also Henry Foster Adams, Advertising and its Mental Laws,Ch.IV.

1920 Newspaper Reading Habits of College Students, by Prof. George Burton Hotchkiss and Richard B.Franken, published by the Association of National Advertisers, Inc.,15 East 26th Street, New York City.]

A questionnaire was sent by Hotchkiss and Franken to 1762 men and women college students in New York City, and answers came from all but a few. Scott used a questionnaire on four thousand prominent business and professional men in Chicago and received only from twenty-hundred. Between seventy and seventy five percent of all those who have replied to either inquiry thought they spent a quarter of an hour a day reading newspapers. Only some four percent of the Chicago group guessed at more. Among the New York citizens a little over eight percent figured their newspaper reading at less than fifteen minutes, and seventeen and a half greater.

Very few people have an accurate idea of fifteen minutes, so the figures are not to be taken literally.
