However it seems to have huge power in foreign affairs and during a war it has a better reputation. This happens because cosmopolitans have more external contacts than most people. It all becomes a game of reputation and building relationships with the right people. Dr Kennicott of Gopher would care about what Ezra Stowbody thinks and now about what Winston thinks. Basically Dr. Kennicotts social set governs only in Gopher Prairie and Mrs Mingott is sensitive to the social set governing the world. Both sets of people are socially sensitive. 

The effects of the above are that even though Dr. Kennicott will make statements regarding the larger society which appear to be created by himself, these opinions are actually formed by High Society and ran down into Gopher Prairie

We will refrain from doing an in depth description of the social tissue. The only aspects that should be remembered is that it plays a big role in our spiritual contacts with the world through determining factors for us such as; what is allowable and how it is criticized.  Judgment is dependant on affairs within the immediate competence. These judgments are decided based on inheritance, transmitted or imitated factors from other social groups. The highest set of people would make decisions for the great society. They make decisions on war and peace and of social strategy and political power.
Moral judgment occurs more often than constructive thought. This is because position and contact are so important when determining our experiences and perceptions of the world. For us ever to be able to think effectively we would have to eliminate judgment and feelings and allow for nosiness and an open heart. However we need to be selfless for the Great Society and that is impossible. We have an interest in public affairs but more interested in our private affairs. The time and amount of consideration is limited that we can spare for the labor of not taking views for granted, and we are going to have regular disruption. 
CHAPTER IV 
TIME AND ATTENTION 
There have been studies regarding how much time people involve themselves in informing themselves about public relationships. There are three studies and these three happen to have similar results even though they were written at a different time and place. 
- Hotchkiss and Frankin sent a questionnaire  to 1761 male and female college students in New York city. Most people answered and the results showed less 8 percent of people read the newspaper less than 15 minutes a day and 17.5 percent read it more.
- Scott sent a questionnaire to 4000 business men in Chicago. 70-75% of respondants thought 15 minutes a day reading a newspaper. 4% at less and 25@ at more.

However these figures are not based on accurate opinions so can not be taken too literally.
