But its
power in foreign affairs is always very great, and in war time its prestige is enormously enhanced.
That is natural enough because these cosmopolitans have a contact with the outer world that
most people do not possess. They have dined with each other in the capitals, and their sense
of national honor is no mere abstraction; it is a concrete experience of being snubbed or approved
by their friends. To Dr. Kennicott of Gopher Prairie it matters mighty little what Winston
thinks and a great deal what Ezra Stowbody thinks, but to Mrs. Mingott with a daughter married
to the Earl of Swithin it matters a lot when she visits her daughter, or entertains Winston
himself. Dr. Kennicott and Mrs. Mingott are both socially sensitive, but Mrs. Mingott is sensitive
to a social set that governs the world, while Dr. Kennicott's social set governs only in Gopher
Prairie. But in matters that effect the larger relationships of the Great Society, Dr. Kennicott
will often be found holding what he thinks is purely his own opinion, though, as a matter of
fact, it has trickled down to Gopher Prairie from High Society, transmuted on its passage through
the provincial social sets.

4

It is no part of our inquiry to attempt an account of the social tissue. We need only fix in
mind how big is the part played by the social set in our spiritual contact with the world,
how it tends to fix what is admissible, and to determine how it shall be judged. Affairs within
its immediate competence each set more or less determines for itself. Above all it determines
the detailed administration of the judgment. But the judgment itself is formed on patterns
[Footnote: Cf. Part III] that may be inherited from the past, transmitted or imitated from
other social sets. The highest social set consists of those who embody the leadership of the
Great Society. As against almost every other social set where the bulk of the opinions are
first hand only about local affairs, in this Highest Society the big decisions of war and peace,
of social strategy and the ultimate distribution of political power, are intimate experiences
within a circle of what, potentially at least, are personal acquaintances.

Since position and contact play so big a part in determining what can be seen, heard, read,
and experienced, as well as what it is permissible to see, hear, read, and know, it is no wonder
that moral judgment is so much more common than constructive thought. Yet in truly effective
thinking the prime necessity is to liquidate judgments, regain an innocent eye, disentangle
feelings, be curious and open-hearted. Man's history being what it is, political opinion on
the scale of the Great Society requires an amount of selfless equanimity rarely attainable
by any one for any length of time. We are concerned in public affairs, but immersed in our
private ones. The time and attention are limited that we can spare for the labor of not taking
opinions for granted, and we are subject to constant interruption.

CHAPTER IV

TIME AND ATTENTION

NATURALLY it is possible to make a rough estimate only of the amount of attention people give
each day to informing themselves about public affairs. Yet it is interesting that three estimates
that I have examined agree tolerably well, though they were made at different times, in different
places, and by different methods. [Footnote: July, 1900. D. F. Wilcox, The American Newspaper:
A Study in Social Psychology, Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science,
vol. xvi, p. 56. (The statistical tables are reproduced in James Edward Rogers, The American
Newspaper.)

1916 (?) W. D. Scott, The Psychology of Advertising, pp. 226-248. See also Henry Foster Adams,
Advertising and its Mental Laws, Ch. IV.

1920 Newspaper Reading Habits of College Students, by Prof. George Burton Hotchkiss and Richard
B. Franken, published by the Association of National Advertisers, Inc., 15 East 26th Street,
New York City.]

A questionnaire was sent by Hotchkiss and Franken to 1761 men and women college students in
New York City, and answers came from all but a few. Scott used a questionnaire on four thousand
prominent business and professional men in Chicago and received replies from twenty-three hundred.
Between seventy and seventy-five percent of all those who replied to either inquiry thought
they spent a quarter of an hour a day reading newspapers. Only four percent of the Chicago
group guessed at less than this and twenty-five percent guessed at more. Among the New Yorkers
a little over eight percent figured their newspaper reading at less than fifteen minutes, and
seventeen and a half at more.

Very few people have an accurate idea of fifteen minutes, so the figures are not to be taken
literally.
