The Romans did not feel confident that Africa was a recruiting ground even though the Numidians were friendly. The Italians were more cost-efficient. They were more united and tactical. This would be advantageous against the African calvary. The Italians and the Latins were allied. They had sent their troopers to Africa. At the port of Utica, or at some harbour on the west, Marius, the commander had planned his campaign over winter and had the chance to give notice of his present location to Lucius Cornelius Sulla, the leader of the auxiliary force. Sulla had fought in Italy with the calvary which he then led into camp the entire first year of his quaestorship. Traditionally, the quaestor was intrinsically close to his commander. He trusted him with the finances, relations, decision-making, and even at war. The general or commander could dismiss the quaestor if he was found to be incapable. The quaestor was the official who, besides the general, the only man in the province holding the position of a magistrate. He was in titular rank higher even than the oldest and most distinguished legates. The arrival of a new quaestor meant the possibility of either helping or hindering a campaign. 
When Marius heard Sulla was arriving, he was doubtful of his caliber. It was without doubt, 
the new lieutenant was handsome. He had clear blue eyes and fair, delicate skin with a tinge of red over his cheeks. However, he had no military experience. He had come from a fallen patrician family. Rumours had it that he had liked to travel and roam in the past. He seemed destined to carry on his family tradition of being an indolent and unaspiring man. The title of the praetorship bestowed on him had made him content. Even Sulla's father did not have such an honour although the renewal of this title seemed distant. 
The elder son of the family had the present title of the consulship. He had lived in rented rooms with little means. His one passion for acting was spurred on by his cultured taste. He was a sensuous young man who had the gift of winning over the love of women.  
His father had remarried quite a rich lady. His elder son soon got the love of his step-mother. He later went on to inherit her fortunes after her death. His fortune was later increased through another woman's legacy.
