Clinging to him, she half walked, half fell down a few steps.  But she had fallen, Hozier weight was almost more than he could handle, but she clung to him desperately, saved him from a precipitous decline in housing, and literally took him to the forecastle, where he found some of the crew who were there ran like rabbits from their burrows when the first shell crashed into the engine room. 

Iris beautiful eyes of a ray launched against them.

"call the men themselves," cried a shrill voice, "but let one of his officers lying on the deck to be shot by the demons!"

"We did not know was there, miss, "said one. "We have been 'brought him right if we did enough."

Even in its current stress emotions, the words of the sailor sounded reasonable.  Each person on board was so greatly surprised by this monstrous attack as herself, and firing now seemed to increase in volume and accuracy.  Several bullets rang against the funnel or splinters broke huge boats.

"Gord A'mightly, hear it, " growled a voice. "And we shut up here, burned in a pile of rotten Dagos, not with a gun in our name!"

Iris continued to support Hozier, whose head and shoulders were pillow against her chest as she knelt behind him.

"And there's that?" He asked.  "I think the captain of Coca-Cola has been murdered. Mr.  Hozier is badly injured, I'm afraid.  Bring a little water, if possible."

"Yes, yes, water... Just a bump on the head.... What happened? What is that noise of shots?

Hozier scattered wits returned, although neither he nor Iris remember that Andromeda was without water.  He looked after the men, and he smiled as his eyes met hers again.

"It's funny!" He said with a natural tone was reassuring.  "I thought the windlass crashed into pieces.  But he could.  What did you hit?"

"A bullet fired from the island," she said.

Hozier rose slightly.  He was hearing wonders, though far from understanding, for the moment.

"A shell!" repeated stupidly.  Had it said "comet" could not have sounded more incredible.

"Yes I could have killed him.  several of the men are dead.  I myself have seen three of them died instantly and two others are seriously injured."

"Here you are, sir - drink this," said a firefighter, it offers a pot of beer.  It like difficult to accept things, but it tasted like nectar of the gods who had suffered a blow that would have felled an ox.  Hozier had almost emptied the can when an exclamation of a stoker of Ireland noted that all eyes to the next part of the ship.

"Holy War! Are you going to do that!" Cried the man. "Of course the captain is not dead at all, whatsoever."

Irish had not grasped the meaning of the Coca-cola antics at the table in the room, but had been fully explained.  The bulldog breed this confessed rascal had taken advantage of him.  Although he had not felt scruples to trace the destruction of the ship, and therefore draw a marine insurance comapany a considerable sum of money - but at that moment there was no concrete evidence of his regime in the 
preparations that had address made jam speeds when the anchor war raised after the tanks were replaced - was not in the nature of man to hide in relative safety, because a foreigner, a pirate, a portygee not-to-be- mentioned-in- polite society, opened fire on him in this way killer.  Moreover, the villainy of Coca-Cola have been culled and not live.  The Andromeda could be scrapped, and hence to the back, distorted arithmetic, money invested in it.  But his white covers would not be stained with blood.  Whatever has caused the risk would be yours, the master responsible, his only.  It was something very different than the shot and shell to be something very different than the shot and shell to be raining on a ship without weapons by the troops of a civilized power when looking for the lowest form of entertainment.  No wonder if the pattern of bull neck foaming at the mouth and the words used banned by the catechism, nothing strange if it was powerless to express their anger in a final act of defiance.

He searched the lockers for a flag of the United Kingdom and the four indicators that show the ship's name in the letters of the signal.
