She was  literally carring Hozier and was half walk half fell down pose because Hozier was more than double than her capacity, but still she was carring him desperetly and walking towards the forecastle. There were some crew who moved fast hurriedly after the crashed of first shell in the engine room.
Iris was like throwing missiles at them. " you are forgetting one of your officers who is injured with the shots by those demon. This is an inhuman behaviour, don't call yourself man."

"It was totally unknown for us that he was there. We'll try our best to take him here." told by one of them.

It is true that the sudden attack was knock senseless to everybody, even Iris was extreamly shocked. The word from the sailor sounds reliable to her then. By that time the firing was increased.Thousands bullets was hammering on the funnel and breaking the big splinter off the boats.

"Oh we are bursting here into flame and not a single gun is here to protect ourself.God help us", cried a voice.Iris said Captain Coke is died, Mr Hozier is injured what will be our action? asked Iris , as she was still supporting Hozier from his back.

Please bring me some water said Iris as she forgot that the Andromeda was waterless by that time. Hozier also returned to his sense by that time, forgot everything about the firing and was asking for water. 

 Hozier again asked about the firing he returned into a bit sense with  a little clear voice. A shell firing from the Island, answared Iris.
Is it a comet ? what happened? Hozier asked. A rain of bullets had showered into the boats. Several persons were killed you too were injured badly. explain Iris.
In the mean time a fireman offred a pannikin of beer to Hozier, though it is unpalatable but it is very much neccessary now in this time. 

Hozier emptied the  beer, his next reaction was I hope the captain is still alive.

It took time to understand the whole thing to Iris. The self confess of that idiot had explaned everything to her. Though it was not his plan but he was trying to spread the layre of butter on the bread for that marine insurence company whohad made a plan to destroy the ship for the lumpsome of money.
