Clinging to him, she half strolled, half dropped down the couple of steps. But she did not rather fall; Hozier's heaviness was nearly more than she could organise, but she clung to him despairingly, kept him from a headlong plunge to the deck, and literally conveyed him into the forecastle, where she discovered some of the crew who had scurried there like rabbits to their burrow when the first case smashed into into the engine-room.
Iris's fine eyes darted lightning at them.

"You call yourselves men," she bawled shrilly, "yet you depart one of your agents lying on deck to be shot at by those fiends!"

"We didn't understand he was there, miss," said one. "We'd ha' fetched him right sufficient if we did."

Even in her present tension of blended strong sentiments, the sailor's phrases rang out reasonable. Every other individual on board was just as substantially shocked by this monstrous strike as she herself, and the blasting now emerged to boost in capacity and accuracy. Several projectiles clanged contrary to the funnel or smashed gigantic splinters off the boats.

"Gord A'mighty, hear to that," growled a voice. "An' we cooped up here, blazed at by many of rotten Dagos, with not a cannon to our name!"

Iris was still carrying Hozier, whose head and bears were pillowed contrary to her breast as she knelt behind him.

"Can not anything be done?" she asked. "I accept as factual Captain Coke has been killed. Mr. Hozier is awfully hurt, I fear. Bring some water, if possible."

"Yes, yes, water. . . . Only a bang on the head. . . . How did it happen? And what is that disturbance of firing?"

Hozier's dispersed wits were coming back, though neither he neither Iris recalled that the Andromeda was waterless. He looked up at her, then at the men, and he grinned as his eyes contacted hers again.

"Funny thing!" he said, with a natural pitch that was reassuring. "I considered the windlass shattered itself into smithereens. But it couldn't. What was it that banged?"

"A case, discharged from the island," said the girl.

Hozier levelled himself a little. He was hearing wonders, though far from comprehending them, as yet.

"A shell!" he recurring vacantly. Had she said "a comet" it could not have rang out more incredible.

"Yes. It might have slain you. Several of the men are dead. I myself glimpsed three of them slain outright, and two other ones are awfully wounded."

"Here you are, sir--drink this," said a fireman, proposing a pannikin of beer. It was unpalatable stuff, but it savoured like the nectar of the gods to one who had maintained a assault that would have felled an ox. Hozier had nearly drained the tin when an exclamation from an Irish stoker drew all eyes to the after part of the ship.

"Holy war! Will ye gaze at that!" yelled the man. "Sure the skipper isn't dead, at all, at all."

Iris had failed to grab the significance of Coke's antics in the chart-room, but they were now completely explained. The bulldog type of this self-confessed rascal had taken the top hand of him. Though he had not scrupled to contrive the decimation of the boat, and therefore steal a marine protection business of a substantial addition of money--though at that very instant there was genuine verification of his design in the groundworks he had made to jam the steering-gear when the anchor was increased after the containers were replenished--it was not in the man's environment to skulk into relative security because a foreigner, a pirate, a not-to-be-mentioned-in-polite-society Portygee, opened blaze on him in this murderous fashion. Moreover, Coke's villainy would have forfeited no lives. The Andromeda might be altered into cancel metal, and thereby give back, by perverted arithmetic, the cash bought into in her. But her white decks would not be stained with blood. Whatever risk was acquired would be his, the to blame captain's, his only. It was a enormously distinct thing that shot and case should be rained on an unarmed boat by the armies of a civilized power when she was searching the smallest pattern of hospitality. No marvel if the bull-necked skipper foamed at the mouth and utilised phrases forbidden by the catechism; no marvel if he endeavoured to articulate his helpless fury in one last proceed of defiance.

He rummaged the lockers for a Union Jack and the four banners that displayed the ship's title in pointer letters.
