Clinging
to him, she half walked, half fell down the few steps.  But she did not quite fall; Hozier's
weight was almost more than she could manage, but she clung to him desperately, saved him from
a headlong plunge to the deck, and literally carried him into the forecastle, where she found
some of the crew who had scurried there like rabbits to their burrow when the first shell crashed
into the engine-room.

Iris's fine eyes darted lightning at them.

"You call yourselves men," she cried shrilly, "yet you leave one of your officers lying on
deck to be shot at by those fiends!"

"We didn't know he was there, miss," said one.  "We'd ha' fetched him right enough if we did."

Even in her present stress of mixed emotions, the sailor's words sounded reasonable.  Every
other person on board was just as greatly stunned by this monstrous attack as she herself,
and the firing now appeared to increase in volume and accuracy.  Several bullets clanged against
the funnel or broke huge splinters off the boats.

"Gord A'mighty, listen to that," growled a voice.  "An' we cooped up here, blazed at by a lot
of rotten Dagos, with not a gun to our name!"

Iris was still supporting Hozier, whose head and shoulders were pillowed against her breast
as she knelt behind him.

"Can nothing be done?" she asked.  "I believe Captain Coke has been killed.  Mr. Hozier is
badly injured, I fear.  Bring some water, if possible."

"Yes, yes, water. . . .  Only a knock on the head. . . .  How did it happen?  And what is that
noise of firing?"

Hozier's scattered wits were returning, though neither he nor Iris remembered that the Andromeda
was waterless.  He looked up at her, then at the men, and he smiled as his eyes met hers again.

"Funny thing!" he said, with a natural tone that was reassuring.  "I thought the windlass smashed
itself into smithereens.  But it couldn't. What was it that banged?"

"A shell, fired from the island," said the girl.

Hozier straightened himself a little.  He was hearing marvels, though far from understanding
them, as yet.

"A shell!" he repeated vacantly.  Had she said "a comet" it could not have sounded more incredible.

"Yes.  It might have killed you.  Several of the men are dead.  I myself saw three of them
killed outright, and two others are badly wounded."

"Here you are, sir--drink this," said a fireman, offering a pannikin of beer.  It was unpalatable
stuff, but it tasted like the nectar of the gods to one who had sustained a blow that would
have felled an ox. Hozier had almost emptied the tin when an exclamation from an Irish stoker
drew all eyes to the after part of the ship.

"Holy war!  Will ye look at that!" shouted the man.  "Sure the skipper isn't dead, at all, at all."

Iris had failed to grasp the meaning of Coke's antics in the chart-room, but they were now
fully explained.  The bulldog breed of this self-confessed rascal had taken the upper hand
of him.  Though he had not scrupled to plot the destruction of the ship, and thus rob a marine
insurance company of a considerable sum of money--though at that very instant there was actual
proof of his scheme in the preparations he had made to jam the steering-gear when the anchor
was raised after the tanks were replenished--it was not in the man's nature to skulk into comparative
safety because a foreigner, a pirate, a not-to-be-mentioned-in-polite-society Portygee, opened
fire on him in this murderous fashion.  Moreover, Coke's villainy would have sacrificed no
lives.  The Andromeda might be converted into scrap iron, and thereby give back, by perverted
arithmetic, the money invested in her.  But her white decks would not be stained with blood.
Whatever risk was incurred would be his, the responsible captain's, his only.  It was a vastly
different thing that shot and shell should be rained on an unarmed ship by the troops of a
civilized power when she was seeking the lowest form of hospitality.  No wonder if the bull-necked
skipper foamed at the mouth and used words forbidden by the catechism; no wonder if he tried
to express his helpless fury in one last act of defiance.

He rummaged the lockers for a Union Jack and the four flags that showed the ship's name in
signal letters.
