Clung to him, she half walked, half fell down a few steps. But she had fallen, Hozier weight was almost more than he could cope, but she clung to him desperately, rescued him from a sharp decline in housing, and literally took him to the hill where he found some of the crew, who were ran like rabbits from their holes when it crashed the first layer in the engine room.

Iris beautiful eyes a ray launched against them.

"Call the men themselves," cried a shrill voice, "but let one of his officers lying on the deck to be shot by demons!"

"We knew were not there, Miss," said one. "We have been 'put him right if we did enough."

Even in its current stressful feelings heard the words of the sailor reasonable. Each person on board was so much surprised by this outrageous attack by herself, and firing now seemed to increase in volume and accuracy. Several bullets rang against the funnel or splinters broke huge boats.

"Gord A'mighty, hear it," growled a voice. "And we close up here, burned in a pile of rotten dago, not with a gun in our name!"

Iris continued to support Hozier, whose head and shoulders were pillow against her chest as she knelt behind him.

"And who is it?" He asked. "I believe that the driver of the Coca-Cola has been murdered. Mr. Hozier is badly wounded, I'm afraid. Bring a little water, if possible."

"Yes, yes, water .... Just a bump on the head .... What happened? What is the noise shot?

Hozier scattered wits returned, although neither he nor Iris remember that Andromeda was without water. He looked after the men, and he smiled when his eyes met hers again.

"It's fun!" He said with a natural tone was reassuring. "I thought windlass crashed into pieces. But he could. What did you hit?"

"A bullet fired from the island," she said.

Hozier rose slightly. He heard wonders, but far from understanding the moment.

"A shell!" repeated stupidly. If he had said "a comet" could not have sounded more incredible.

"I could have killed him. Several of the men are dead. I myself have seen three of them died instantly and two others seriously injured."

"Here, sir - drink this," said a fireman, it makes a pot of beer. It was hard to accept things, but it tasted like nectar of the gods, who had suffered a stroke that would have felled an ox. Hozier had nearly emptied, when an outbreak of a stoker in Ireland noted that all eyes to the next part of the ship.

"Holy War! Would you do it!" Cried the man. "Of course the captain is not dead at all, whatsoever."

Iris had not understood the importance of Coca-Cola tricks at the table in the room, but had been fully explained. The bulldog breed this confessed rascal had taken advantage of him. Although he had not felt scruples to track the destruction of the ship and therefore draw a marine insurance company a considerable sum of money - but at that time there was no concrete evidence of his regime in the preparations that had addresses made jam speeds when the anchor was raised after the tanks were replaced - were not in human nature to hide in relative safety, because a foreigner, a pirate, a Portygee not-to-be-said-in polite society, opened fire on him in this way killer. Moreover, the villainy of Coca-Cola has been killed and not live. The Andromeda can be broken up and hence the back, distorted arithmetic, money invested in it. But his white cover would not be spotted with blood. Regardless caused the risk would be your master in charge, his only one. It was something completely different than shot and shell to rain on a ship without weapons of troops in a civilized power when looking for the lowest form of entertainment. No wonder if the pattern of the bull-necked froth at the mouth and the words used banned by the Catechism, no wonder if it was powerless to express their anger at a final of blasphemy.

He searched the cupboards for a flag in the United Kingdom and the four indicators that show the ship's name in letters of signals.
