When United States Court of first crime discharged him, he was taken to Lancaster to meet second and the third.The man and the lawyer followed along with them was that infamous wretch Kline. The Devil looked to favor all they undertook and when Ezekiel and thirty others were discharged from the crime that they never commited adn for which they unneccessarily spent more that three months in the damp prison. These rascals lodged a warrant in the Lancaster jail and by midnight Kline and the man claiming to be George's owner arrested him as a fugitive from labor.Meanwhile the lawyer  returning to Philadelphia to prepare the case for trail and awaited for his guilty shameless partners to arrive and it seemed the climax of George's misfortunes.He was hurried into a wagon,ready at the door and and was driven at a killing pace to the town of Parkesburg,fearing resque and compelled to stop the night there as there horses were completely exhausted. 
All this took place during January, where coldest nights were famous for years.On their route, wretches who had George hancuffed and tied in the wagon,were provided with plenty of liquor and as a result they were pretty drunk.Their drunkness was to the level where they were really enraged,by the time they reached public-house. They contradicted an old saying that there is an honor among the theives; as each one was afraid of the other. 
When they were in the bar Kline asked one of his pals: "Sir you can go to sleep. I will take care of this nigger." He replied anxiously:"No, I will take care of him myself, you don't try to fool me here." Kline heard those remarks and ask him to "Take something", and bottles of whiskey went empty.

Midst of all that, Kline drew a chair near stove and was soon asleep; might aswell dreaming of the profits he earned through such hard work. The other walked around till the barkeeper left to sleep, leaving the hostler to watch for him; The hostler didn't take long to decide, why no i too have a little rest since this nigger is asleep and slept after spreading himself out on two chairs.Wum,the devil and fatigue combined compelled George to show that it was his time for action now. He opened one eye first followed by the other and saw the snoring hostler and looked around him. In Hope of setting himself free,he rose slowly and kept step to the deep-drawn snores of the miserables.As Kline was reaching towards the door, he found the eye of the hostler on him. Paused Kline knew his fate of being shot instantly dead, if the man spoke a word. George decided to stop and asked in a whispering voice: "Sir, would you like a drink of water", he got No for an answer, and before he know the man closed his eyes and got lost in slumber.
As mentioned, it was cold and snow covered the ground.George shivered as he stepped forthe in to the cold night air. He looked about towards the clouds and them ice covered ground.He trembled but was determine to set himself free. He ran until he was 15 miles aways from his drunken claimant and then stopped at the house of his tired friend to get his handcuffs removed. He was successful in getting only one side and then poor fellow continued his grueling journey towards freedom. after forty some miles,he finally made it frozen, still and sore the following day. He was taken good care by his old friends after that tiresome journey of freedom.
