When discharged by the United States Court for the first crime,
he was taken to Lancaster to meet the second and third. There, too, the man and the lawyer
followed, taking with them that infamous wretch, Kline. The Devil seemed to favor all they
undertook; and when Ezekiel was at last discharged, with some thirty more, from all that had
been so unjustly brought against him, and for which he had lain in the damp prison for more
than three months, these rascals lodged a warrant in the Lancaster jail, and at midnight Kline
and the man who claimed to be George's owner arrested him as a fugitive from labor, whilst
the lawyer returned to Philadelphia to prepare the case for trial, and to await the arrival
of his shameless partners in guilt. This seemed the climax of George's misfortunes. He was
hurried into a wagon, ready at the door, and, fearing a rescue, was driven at a killing pace
to the town of Parkesburg, where they were compelled to stop for the night, their horses being
completely used up. This was in the month of January, and the coldest night that had been known
for many years. On their route, these wretches, who had George handcuffed and tied in the wagon,
indulged deeply in bad whiskey, with which they were plentifully supplied, and by the time
they reached the public-house their fury was at its height. 'T is said there is honor among
thieves, but villains of the sort I am now speaking of seem to possess none. Each fears the
other. When in the bar-room, Kline said to the other,--"Sir, you can go to sleep. I will watch
this nigger."

"No," replied the other, "I will do that business myself. You don't fool me, sir."

To which Kline replied, "Take something, sir?"--and down went more whiskey.

Things went on in this way awhile, until Kline drew a chair to the stove, and, overcome by
the heat and liquor, was soon sleeping soundly, and, I suppose, dreaming of the profits which
were sure to arise from the job. The other walked about till the barkeeper went to bed, leaving
the hostler to attend in his place, and he also, somehow or other, soon fell asleep. Then he
walked up to George, who was lying on the bench, apparently as soundly asleep as any of them,
and, saying to himself, "The damn nigger is asleep,--I'll just take a little rest myself,"--he
suited the action to the word. Spreading himself out on two chairs, in a few moments he was
snoring at a fearful rate. Rum, the devil, and fatigue, combined, had completely prostrated
George's foes. It was now his time for action; and, true to the hope of being free, the last
to leave the poor, hunted, toil-worn bondman's heart, he opened first one eye, then the other,
and carefully examined things around. Then he rose slowly, and keeping step to the deep-drawn
snores of the miserable, debased wretch who claimed him, he stealthily crawled towards the
door, when, to his consternation, he found the eye of the hostler on him. He paused, knowing
his fate hung by a single hair. It was only necessary for the man to speak, and he would be
shot instantly dead; for both Kline and his brother ruffian slept pistol in hand. As I said,
George stopped, and, in the softest manner in which it was possible for him to speak, whispered,
"A drink of water, if you please, sir." The man replied not, but, pointing his finger to the
door again, closed his eyes, and was apparently lost in slumber.

I have already said it was cold; and, in addition, snow and ice covered the ground. There could
not possibly be a worse night. George shivered as he stepped forth into the keen night air.
He took one look at the clouds above, and then at the ice-clad ground below. He trembled; but
freedom beckoned, and on he sped. He knew where he was,--the place was familiar. On, on, he
pressed, nor paused till fifteen miles lay between him and his drunken claimant; then he stopped
at the house of a tried friend to have his handcuffs removed; but, with their united efforts,
one side only could be got off, and the poor fellow, not daring to rest, continued his journey,
forty odd miles, to Philadelphia, with the other on. Frozen, stiff, and sore, he arrived there
on the following day, and every care was extended to him by his old friends.
