Eveward Dusk. Allowing the canines of Yama to be ensconced between the Sun and the Moon on one side, and sunup and eveward dusk on t'other. Apparently they exist here, either as a specialized name for day and night, or their tangible counterparts. the Sun and the Moon. So now Çatapatha-Br[=a]hmana states without equivocation that  "The moon verily is the divine dog; he looks down upon the cattle of the sacrificer." And here is another quote from the Kashmiri interpretation of the Atharva-Veda: "The four-eyed dog (the moon) surveys by night the sphere of the night." 

SUN AND MOON AS TERMINALS ON THE TRACK TO ENLIGHTENMENT.

Verily the mystical Upanishads are forced to wade through this moderately coarse mythology as they approach engaging the journey of the soul to its freeing from further incarnation and its merging with the Universal Brahma. The consciousness of Mankind is hard pressed to evade some sort of apocalyptic territory. The Brahma proper may be empty of all characteristics, universal, ubiquitous, encompassing both up and down, the base of all existence, as it were; nevertheless, even the Upanishads eventually must focus on a cosmos of Brahma, and that is above, not beneath, nor anywhere else for that matter; thus, the soul is required to pass by grand cosmogonic dominions that appear to perch at various points on the path from the corporeal levels to Brahma. The K[=a]ush[=i]taki Upanishad (1. 2. 3) prescribes that all who pass from this province first travel to the Moon, the Moon having been designated the door to the World of Light. The Moon then asks specific spiritual questions of them; only those who answer these correctly will be regarded as enlightened enough to progress to the environs of Brahma. Those who cannot, well, they are reincarnated as, perhaps, an insect, or a swimming or flying creature, or a lion or a wild pig, possibly a steer or a tiger or even a man, or as some other sort of thing--just any old thing, as one might imagine--in this or that location, depending on the quality of his efforts and the level of wisdom attained, that is, according to the specifications of the Karmic Laws. Likewise, the M[=a]itri Upanishad (vi. 38) describes salvation in the following way: When a man can brook anger no more, and meditates on his true desire, he breaks through the barrier between him and the Brahma, passing through the orbits of the Sun, the Moon, Fire, and so on, that permeate the Cosmos. Only then can he perceive the almighty construct that exists solely on merits of its majesty. And so we see that the Ch[=a]ndogya Upanishad (viii. 13) believes the same thing, referring to the Moon and the Sun by their primordial apellations and in their role as the dogs of Yama. The soul which aspires to merge with Brahma resorts in the manner of one who adheres to the Catholic concept of Purgatory to entreating in an alternating manner to Çy[=a]ma (the moon-dog) and Çabala (the sun-dog)
