Evening twilight. So the dogs of Yama is sandwiched between the sun and the moon, first at dawn and dusk, on the other. Of course we are here, either as a special name of day or night, or their physical counterparts, the sun and moon. And now [Çatapatha-Br = a] Hman says explicitly: "The moon is really divine dog, he looks down on cattle slaughter." And again a passage in the Kashmiri version of the Atharva-Veda says: "The four-eyed dog (moon) night studies in the area at night."

Sun and Moon stations or on the road to salvation.

Even theosophical Upanishads are forced to make their way through this mythology instead of oil when it comes to dealing with the passing of soul rest existence and absorption into the universal Brahma. The human mind is not easy to escape from a kind of eschatological topography. Brahma can be without all the goods, universal, inclusive, which is below and on the only real thing everywhere, yet Upanishads final review on the world of Brahma, and more, not low, or elsewhere, so the soul to cross the great cosmic forces that seem to be on its way to the sublunary regions of Brahma. [K = a] [Ush = i] Upanishads Taki (1 º 2 º 3) provide that all who leave this world first go to the moon, the moon becomes the door to a world of light. Luna asks some questions theosophical only he can answer emancipated enough to advance to a world of Brahma. He who can not - alas! - Is born again, worm or fly, such as fish or poultry lion or wild boar, bull or tiger or a man, or as something else - preferably something that we should say - at this time or on this site less by the quality of their work and the extent of his knowledge, is consistent with the doctrine of Karma. Similarly, M [= a] Itri Upanishad (VI. 38) sketches salvation as follows: When a deadly rabies and is not approved, and questioned the desire for truth, which penetrates the veil that surrounds Brahma breaks through concentric circles of the sun, moon, fire, etc. occupying the waves. Only then do the things above, on the basis of his own greatness alone. And [now Ch = a] ndogya Upanishads (VIII. 13) has the same idea, that both moon and sun in their old names and, as the dogs of Yama. The soul of the applicant for the merger with Brahma-Purgatory fashionable resorts, alternating with [Cy = a] ma (moon-dog) and the Kabbalah (sun-dog)
