Evening twilight. So that the canines of Yama are sandwiched in between sun and moon on the one edge, dawn and night twilight on the other. Obviously they are here, either as a exceptional designation of day and evening, or their personal equivalents, sun and moon. And now the Çatapatha-Br[=a]hmana states explicitly: "The moon truly is the divine dog; he examines down upon the beef cattle of the sacrificer." And afresh a route in the Kashmir type of the Atharva-Veda says: "The four-eyed dog (the moon) reviews by evening the sphere of the night." 
SUN AND MOON AS STATIONS ON THE WAY TO SALVATION. 

Even the theosophic Upanishads are compelled to make their way through this tolerably crude mythology when they arrive to deal with the route of the soul to issue from reality and absorption in the universal Brahma. The human brain does not effortlessly get away some kind of eschatological topography. The Brahma itself may be devoid of all properties, universal, pervasive, located underneath as well as overhead, the one factual thing everywhere; still even the Upanishads eventually rectify upon a world of Brahma, and that is overhead, not underneath, neither elsewhere; therefore the soul should overtake the large cosmic potencies that appear to lie on the street from the sublunary districts to Brahma. The K[=a]ush[=i]taki Upanishad (1. 2. 3) plans that all who depart this world first proceed to the moon, the moon being the doorway of the world of light. The moon inquires certain theosophic questions; he solely who can response them is advised adequately emancipated to accelerate to the world of Brahma. He who cannot--alas!--is born afresh as worm or as fly; as fish or as fowl; as lion or as boar; as bull or tiger or man; or as certain thing else--any vintage thing, as we should say--in this location or in that location, as asserted by the value of his works and the stage of his knowledge; that is, in agreement with the doctrine of Karma. Similarly the M[=a]itri Upanishad (vi. 38) sketches salvation as follows: When a mortal no longer accepts of anger, and ponders the factual desire, he penetrates the veil that surrounds the Brahma, breaks through the concentric rounds of sun, moon, blaze, etc., that live at the ether. Only then does he behold the supreme thing that is based upon its own vastness only. And now the Ch[=a]ndogya Upanishad (viii. 13) has the identical concept, citing both moon and sun by their very vintage titles and in their capability as canines of Yama. The soul of the aspirant for fusion with Brahma holiday resorts purgatorio-fashion alternately to Çy[=a]ma (the moon-dog) and Çabala (the sun-dog)
