Augusta Taurinorum is a town of the Taurini and it is located at the foot of the Alps Mountain.  But now the same town is called as Turin and also it is the capital of Piedmont. 
Augustodunum is the capital city of  Edui.  Now it is also known as Autun in the duchy of Burgundy. Its name was taken from the origin name of Augustus Caesar. 
Auria is one of the ancient towns in Spain and now it is also named as Orense which is situated in Galicia. 
Auzea is a strong castle in Mauritania. 
Aventicum is the capital city of the Helvetii.  Once it was also called as Wiflisburg by the Germans.  Frech people were calling it by different name that is Avenches. 
B. 
Bactriani is one of the people’s inhabiting parts in Asia. It is located in the south of the river Oxus.  This is river is raining from east to west and is going into the Caspian Sea. 
Balae is a village locted in Campania.  It is actually located in between the promontory of Misenum and Puteoli.  Puteoli is also called as Pozzuolo.  This is actually nine miles to the west of Naples. 
Baleares is a cluster of islands in the Mediterranean region and in which Majorca and Minorca are the chief. 
Bastarni is a place for people of Germany, who led a wandering life here and especially in the vast regions between the Vistula and the Pontic sea. 
Batavia is an island and it is exactly formed by two branches of the Rhine and the German sea. If you want to have reference you can see Annals, book ii. s. 6; and Manners of the Germans, s. 29. Note. A.
Batavodurum  is a town which is located  in the island of Batavia.  Now it is called as   Wyk-te-Duurstede by some of the commentators.
Bebryacum or Bedryacum is a village situated between Verona and Cremona.  It is very famous for two successive defeats viz., Otho and soon after that of Vitellius. 
Belgic Gaul is the country situated between the Seine and the Marne to the west, the Rhine to the east and the German sea to the north.

Berytus is also now called as Barut in Phœnicia. 
Betasii is the country where people inhabit and now it is called Brabant. 
Bithynia is a proconsular province of Asia Minor.  It is highly bounded on the north by the Euxine and the Propontic.  It is also adjoining to Troas and over-against Thrace.  Now it is called Becsangial. 
Bectica was divided into one of the provinces by Augustus Caesar who was considered as Farther of Spain. 
Boii is a country and people of Celtic Gaul are living in the country.  Now it is called Bourbonnois. There was also a nation of the same name in Germany. For reference you can see Manners of the Germans, s. 28. 
Bonna is now called as Bonn and it is in the electorate of Cologne. 
Bononia was also called as Tacitus Bononiensis.  ; Now it is called as Bolognaand it is the capital city of the Bolognese in Italy. 
Bosphorani is a place for people and it is situated in the bordering of the Euxine; the Tartars. 
Bovillae is a town of Latium which is situated near Mount Albanus.  It is more or less ten miles away from Rome and situated on the Appian Road. 
Brigantes is the ancient inhabitants of Yorkshire.  Also it is inhabitants for  Lancashire, Durham, Westmoreland, and Cumberland. 
Brixellum is the town where Otho dispatched himself after the defeat at Bedriacum.  Now it is also known as Breselloand is situated in the territory of Reggio. 
Brixia is a town of Italy and it is situated on the other side of Po.  Now it is called as Brescia. 
Bructerians is a place for people of Germany. It is situated in Westphalia.  For reference you can see the Manners of the Germans, s. 33. Note. A. 
Brundusium is a town of Calabria.  It is a town with an excellent harbor.  At the entrance of the Adriatic, it is affording a commodious passage to the Romans and to Greece. The via Appia is ending at this town only.  Now it is called as Brindisi and it is situated in the territory of Otranto in the kingdom of Naples. 
Byzantium is a city of Thrace.  It is situated on the narrow strait which is separating Europe from Asia.  Now it is called as Constantinople. For reference you can see Annals, xii. s. 63. 
C. 
Caelaletae is a place for people of Thrace and it is situated near Mount Hæmus. 
Caeracates is probably the diocese of Mayence. 
Caesarea is a maritime town situated in Palestine; now its name is  Kaisarié. 
Caesian Forest is at present known as the Forest of Heserwaldt. It is situated in the duchy of Cleves. It is supposed to be a part of the Hercynian forest also.
Calabria is a peninsula land of Italyand it is situated between Tarentum and Brundusium.  Now it is also called as the territory of Otranto and it is in the kingdom of Naples. 
Camelodunum is said by some to be Malden in Essex.  But it is in fact by Camden and some other said as Colchester. It was made a Roman colony under the emperor Claudius.  It is a place of pleasure rather than of strength.  It has so many attractions such as adorned with splendid works, a theatre and a temple of Claudius. 
Camerium is a city in the territory of the Sabines.  But is not found and destroyed. 
Campania is a territory of Italy.  It is actually bounded on the west by the Tuscan sea. This is considered as most fertile and delightful part of Italy.  Now it is called as Terra di Lavoro. 
Ccangi is the inhabitants of Cheshire and also it is a part of Lancashire. 
Caninefates is a place for people of the Lower Germany and it is from the same origin as the Batavians.  It is also inhabitants of the west part of the isle of Batavia.
Canopus is a city of the Lower Egypt. It is situated on a branch of the Nile and now it is called by the same name only. 
Cappadocia is a large country in Asia Minor and it is situated between Cilicia the Euxine sea.
