It got bigger and bigger in the sky, when suddenly, a number of men on horses came over the hill, yelling and swinging their hats.

The balloon was coming down, and then disappeared, enveloped by the woods behind the house. Charley was unsure what to do, and in his hesitation, the balloon came back up again. This time, the men in the basket were visible. The men were shouting down to those on the ground to pull them down using the drag-rope.

A balloon is quite easy to pull down, since it's so fragilely balanced while in the air. Even Charley could probably have pulled it down. That is, unless it's moving fast. Once, I saw a dog grab the rope in its mouth, and it was dragged over fences and along rough fields, with its belly to the air. When it eventually let go, it probably didn't have much fur remaining.

They dragged the balloon back. Great rocks were placed inside the basket before the men alighted, in order to keep it stationary, and the rope was knotted around a post. One of the balloon men they called 'Professor' - he was tall and hunched, and had a long, blondish beard. I always thought that was an odd title for a man who flies a balloon. His companion was also tall, and had an attractive face. The last was the artist. You can see his drawings in this account.

Some time later, Charley's mum appeared at the front of the house, and invited the three men in. They declined, sitting rather on the step. Charley sat on the Professor's knee, and the Professor asked him if he'd like to be like them. That was rather extraordinary, since that was exactly what Charley had been longing for that very second. He'd used to watch creatures flying in the sky, and had been desperate to be able to do the same.

The Professor sensed Charley's desire, and offered for them to go up in the balloon together, just as far as the rope would allow them while it was still tied. Charley's mother was worried at first, but when she was told by another balloon man that this was a regular occurrence for children, she acquiesced. He said that sometimes, there were over ten children in the basket at the same time!

Charley and the Professor got into the basket, with the others holding onto the rope and letting it out. The more they did so, the further Charley ascended, until they were higher even than the great elm tree. All the people below looked so different, with small patches of pink where their faces were turned upwards towards him.

Charley and his companion saw so much up there that I can't even begin to describe it all. They saw beyond the hill, to a town, and then past a meandering stream to a smaller settlement; one that he'd never seen before. Other, larger towns were present too. Charley thought that they might even be great cities like New York, or Boston, or Chicago. He thought he could maybe even see the sea, and the Rockies, but the Professor said that the former was simply a far away plain, and the latter was the Catskills.

Once, he said, he had ended up out at sea, by a stary gust of wind, and when he had almost given up, a boat appeared and dragged him back to land. He had travelled over forest fires, had been forced to the ground by heavy snow, and had once crashed into a tall tree!

The storytelling was interrupted by a yell from the ground. The Professor peered down, and then looked worried. "They've accidentally dropped the rope. Don't be scared. We're going up, but we'll get down safely."

Charley had faith in the Professor. He seemed so good at what he did!

The cries grew fainter as they rose among the clouds. They encompassed the balloon with their stifling whiteness, like a thick fog. A sudden cold dampness descended upon the balloon.

Just then, the Professor yelled, "Hey, look! We're out! We're above the clouds! We're on top of the world!"
