It didn't look bigger than his top, away up among the fleecy clouds, but it rapidly
grew to the size of a pippin, and then over the hill came two or three galloping horsemen,
swinging their hats, and shouting as they rode.

Now the balloon began to descend, and shortly disappeared behind the woods back of the house.
Charley didn't know whether to run or stand still, and while he was doubting, the great yellow
dome arose into sight again, and this time Charley could see the men in the basket. They were
looking down, and calling to the men in the road to take hold of the long drag-rope, and pull
them down.

This was not hard to do, as a balloon is so prettily balanced when in the air that in a light
wind a little boy like Charley could pull it to the earth. It is not so easy when the balloon
is going rapidly. I once saw a plucky dog catch hold of the rope with his teeth, and it jerked
him along over fences and through a stubble field on his back, and I guess when he let go he
had but very little hair left. Well, they pulled the balloon down, and before the men got out
several large stones were put into the basket to hold it down, and the rope was tied to a strong
post. One of the men was tall and stoop-shouldered, with a long sandy beard; they called him
"Professor" (a queer title for a balloon man, is it not?). The second man was tall and good-looking;
he belonged to the circus company. And the third was the artist, whose sketches you see in
this paper.

After a little, Charley's mother came to the door, and invited the three strangers into the
house, but they preferred to sit on the step; and the Professor took Charley upon his knee,
and asked him how he would like to travel in the way they did. How odd! Why, that was the very
thing he was wishing for at the moment. He had often watched the birds, and longed for their
wings for a little while. The Professor said, "I'll tell you what we'll do, Charley; you and
I will get into the basket, and tell them to let us up to the end of the rope." Charley's mother
was afraid to allow him to go; but the tall man told her the Professor often took children
up that way, where he came down when voyaging. Sometimes he had seen a dozen in the basket
at once; so she consented, and shortly they were seated with plenty of stout hands hold of
the rope, "paying out," as the sailors say. Above the barn they rose, then higher than the
big elm. Up, up, until the folks below looked very short and funny, with all their faces turned
up to the sky. Charley's mother didn't look larger than a doll.

I wish I could tell you all that Charley and the Professor saw as they sat there so high and
secure. Away over the hill was the town, and, beyond, a winding river and another village that
he had never seen before; indeed, there were several towns in sight. He was sure they must
be Boston, New York, and Chicago. He thought he could see the ocean and the Rocky Mountains;
but the one was only distant plains, and the other the Catskills, about fifty miles away.

The Professor told Charley a great many things about his voyages. Once he was blown out to
sea, and when he had almost given up hope, the rope was overtaken by a sail-boat in pursuit,
and he was towed ashore; again, he had floated over burning forests, and once came to the earth
from the weight of snow on the balloon; and once, too, his balloon was torn in the top of a
high tree.

Suddenly a great shout was heard from below, and the Professor looked down. He quickly said
to Charley: "Now, my boy, don't be frightened. They have made a mistake down there, and let
loose the rope. We are going up into the clouds, but I will bring you down all right."

Charley was a brave little fellow, and besides this, he had confidence in the Professor, who
seemed to manage his "air-ship," as it is often called, so skillfully. What a great thing it
is to have confidence in a leader!

The shouting below was very faint and distant now. They were among the clouds, and in a moment
were enveloped in one of them. It was just like a fog. The soft white masses rolled and whirled
close beside the basket; it was very cool and damp.

In a minute the Professor exclaimed, "Look, Charley! we are above the clouds."
