Blessing walked carefully, trying to sneak around the bear.  Bruin, seeing this, ran towards the scene.

Hansen started to find his courage, but he was too late, as the bear had seen Blessing, who was trying to escape the ship.  Blessing knew, then, that he would have to act in order to save himself.  He paused before realizing that he could find safety in number, and ran towards his friends for help, while the bear ran towards him.  Hansen, aware that this put him in danger, tried a technique of which he had read:  He stood like a giant, sand screamed with the others.  He was wrong, however, as the bear ran closer, and he was in mortal danger.  Everyone found a weapon, except Blessing, and all ran towards the ship.  They saw the bear raid their tent, then, turn and head towards them.

This was the incident that would teach the explorers never to leave the ship without heavy armaments, for, even, such a thin bear, its stomach containing nothing but a piece of paper, was a horrible destructive monster.  

October 4:  The wind is harsh, the temperatures well below freezing, and, though I have worked all day, I have, only, penetrated 800 fathoms.  I have found thick, dull earth, much warmer than the surface, disproving the idea that the the Arctic Ocean is shallow, and cold.

I watched the ice break beneath out feet, barely allowing us to save the ice anchors, forcing us to jury-rig a crude passage across the chasm, and to the ship.  Thankfully, further changes in the ice opened new passages.

October 5:  I was lucky, today, as I was able to get dressed before the bear attacked!  I saw it from the deck, still, in the distance.  Henriksen, and I killed it quickly from a distance, avoiding serious problems.

We thought everything had been prepared, and the wonderful, though freezing weather was encouraging, until we discovered bugs crawling through the ship!  We knew that if the bugs were in our clothes, we would have to cancel the trip.  We sterilized, and froze everything until the bugs died.

Friday, October 6:  We can continue, but the weather grows colder.
