
"And off steals Blessing on tiptoe, so as not to frighten the bear. By this time Bruin has
seen and scented them, and comes jogging along, following his nose, towards them.

"Hansen now began to get over his fear of startling him. The bear caught sight of Blessing
slinking off to the ship and set after him. Blessing also was now much less concerned than
he had been as to the bear's nerves. He stopped, uncertain what to do; but a moment's reflection
brought him to the conclusion that it was pleasanter to be three than one just then, and he
went back to the others faster than he had gone from them. The bear followed at a good rate.
Hansen did not like the look of things, and thought the time had come to try a dodge he had
seen recommended in a book. He raised himself to his full height, flung his arms about, and
yelled with all the power of his lungs, ably assisted by the others. But the bear came on quite
undisturbed. The situation was becoming critical. Each snatched up his weapon--Hansen an ice-staff,
Johansen an axe, and Blessing nothing. They screamed with all their strength, 'Bear! bear!'
and set off for the ship as hard as they could tear. But the bear held on his steady course
to the tent, and examined everything there before (as we have seen) he went after them.

"It was a lean he-bear. The only thing that was found in its stomach when it was opened was
a piece of paper, with the names 'Lütken and Mohn.' This was the wrapping-paper of a 'ski'
light, and had been left by one of us somewhere on the ice. After this day some of the members
of the expedition would hardly leave the ship without being armed to the teeth.

"Wednesday, October 4th. Northwesterly wind yesterday and to-day. Yesterday we had -16°, and
to-day -14° C. I have worked all day at soundings and got to about 800 fathoms depth. The bottom
samples consisted of a layer of gray clay 4 to 4 1/2 inches thick, and below that brown clay
or mud. The temperature was, strangely enough, just above freezing-point (+0.18° C.) at the
bottom, and just below freezing-point (-0.4° C.) 75 fathoms up. This rather disposes of the
story of a shallow polar basin and of the extreme coldness of the water of the Arctic Ocean.

"While we were hauling up the line in the afternoon the ice cracked a little astern of the
Fram, and the crack increased in breadth so quickly that three of us, who had to go out to
save the ice-anchors, were obliged to make a bridge over it with a long board to get back to
the ship again. Later in the evening there was some packing in the ice, and several new passages
opened out behind this first one.

"Thursday, October 5th. As I was dressing this morning, just before breakfast, the mate rushed
down to tell me a bear was in sight. I was soon on deck and saw him coming from the south,
to the lee of us. He was still a good way off, but stopped and looked about. Presently he lay
down, and Henriksen and I started off across the ice, and were lucky enough to send a bullet
into his breast at about 310 yards, just as he was moving off.

"We are making everything snug for the winter and for the ice-pressure. This afternoon we took
up the rudder. Beautiful weather, but cold, -18° C. at 8 P.M. The result of the medical inspection
to-day was the discovery that we still have bugs on board; and I do not know what we are to
do. We have no steam now, and must fix our hopes on the cold.

"I must confess that this discovery made me feel quite ill. If bugs got into our winter furs
the thing was hopeless. So the next day there was a regular feast of purification, according
to the most rigid antiseptic prescriptions. Each man had to deliver up his old clothes, every
stitch of them, wash himself, and dress in new ones from top to toe. All the old clothes, fur
rugs, and such things, were carefully carried up on to the deck, and kept there the whole winter.
This was more than even these animals could stand; 53° C. of cold proved to be too much for
them, and we saw no more of them. As the bug is made to say in the popular rhyme:

        "'Put me in the boiling pot, and shut me down tight;
        But don't leave me out on a cold winter night!'

"Friday, October 6th. Cold, down to 11° below zero (Fahr.).
