Every spring, things should be put to order in a spring-cleaning session. The fallen fruit from the orchard should be given to livestock. Barns, caves and cellars should be fumigated since they have been homes to moths over the winter.

Flat-headed borer

As shown in figure 10, the adult is less than ten centimetres long. It is greenish black with a brown sheen. From last year in May, they lay eggs until September in decayed parts of trees. The eggs are small and yellowish and are found in sick trees.In figure 11, the larva of the borer is yellowish with a broad and flat head. It feeds on the sap of the wood by boring into the tree. The larvae leave their moulted skins behind. As they grow, they can bore into harder wood to make a channel leading to a flat crevice or channel. The moulted skins are shed and pushed out as the young borer gnaw into the channel which is soon filled with the skins. Soon, they turn into adult beetles before the month of May ends.

To save or restore a tree to its health, trim off any decay or sun-scald parts to let out the sap. This would drown the borers. Use a hooked wire to clear out any crevices or holes caused by the larvae. The tell-tale signs are the 'castings' they leave. Use a solution which comprises of soap, sal soda and carbolic acid to disinfect the parts of the tree. By using a brush to apply the solution to unhealthy bark, the strong smell will prevent the female borer from laying eggs.

Round-headed borer

They attack the same trees as the flat-headed ones. As shown in figure 12, they are slightly longer with two white stripes down their back. They are grayish and are nocturnal. From June onwards, they lay eggs in small cracks of the tree bark near to the ground. In figure 13, it could be observed that they bore holes into the bark into the soft sap-wood creating channels  filled with their 'castings'(figure 14). They would stay for two summers and do serious damage to trees. From autumn to spring, they emerge to gnaw on the underside of the bark. Then in June, the cycle is repeated.

To kill the round-headed borer, the same procedure or remedy is followed as with the flat-headed ones.   


Observations by the members of the Horticultural Society, Kansas State.

A. Chandler noted:
I use a tree wash known as the "Carnahan wash" last year on my apple trees to get rid of borers. The trees in my plantations have been plagued by these pests and I recently fell and cleared the trees.  The wash is available in a can which I brushed onto the affected tree bark. It is good prevention to the egg-laying larvae and for detering other insects too.
Although the wash never really get rid of all the borers, the treated tree stayed healthy away from diseases such as root-rot.

F.Holsinger enquired:

Did you grow crops and farm all of your land?

A. Chandler replied:

The borers are highly resistant pests, no matter what measures I took. The "Carnahan tree wash" cost me two cents per tree. They are available in gallon and half-gallon cans. Apply twice a year, during spring and autumn. This would amount to four cents to treat per tree.
