Fallen
fruit should be gathered and fed to stock. Cellars, caves and fruit houses should be thoroughly
cleaned and fumigated and the cleanings burned every spring, as many thousands of moths are
wintered over in them.

FLAT-HEADED BORER.

The adult, fig. 10, is flat, about three-eighths of an inch long, of a greenish black with
coppery reflections. They appear about the last of May and deposit eggs from then until September.
They generally lay their eggs in a diseased portion of the tree, where it has been bruised,
or sun-scalded, or in trees of weak vitality, in bad health from lack of cultivation or moisture,
or from soil poverty. The eggs are small and yellowish, and are found singly or in numbers
in crevices in the bark. The larva, or borer, fig. 11, when young, is yellowish, with a broad,
flat head; it soon bores to the sap-wood, where it feeds. At this time it is easily discovered
by the "castings" from the opening. As they become older and larger they bore into the harder
wood, making flattened chambers. In about a year they gnaw a channel to the outside, excepting
a thin layer of bark, and backing a little way they crowd castings to the front and change
into the perfect insect, emerging about the last of May.

Remedies. Keep the tree thrifty, free from bruises or sun-scald, and the flow of sap will drown
them. If any are detected by the castings, cut in, and use a hooked wire to pull them out.
Some washes will deter the female from depositing eggs. For instance: Equal parts of soft soap
and sal soda, with enough crude carbolic acid to give a strong odor. Apply with a brush several
times in a season, especially where the bark appears unhealthy.

ROUND-HEADED BORER.

Attacks the same trees under the same conditions as the flat-headed borer. The adult, fig.
12, is about five-eighths of an inch long, brown above, with two white stripes the whole length
of the back. Head and under surface grayish. It is a night flyer. The female appears about
June 1, and stays until September. She deposits her eggs at night, in small incisions made
angling into the bark, generally near the ground. In about two weeks they hatch, and the little
borers, a, fig. 13, begin to bore their way into the inner bark and sap-wood, leaving the bore
filled with "castings," fig. 14. For two summers they stay in the sap-wood and do great damage,
often girdling young trees. After the second winter they cut channels up into the hard wood;
attaining their growth by fall, they burrow outward to the under side of the bark, and there
remain until spring, changing to adults. See b, fig. 13. They then gnaw through the bark, and
emerge about June 1 to propagate their species.

Remedies. Same as for flat-headed borer.

TREE WASHES FOR BORERS.

     Observations by members of the Kansas State Horticultural Society.

A. Chandler: I used a tree wash last year on apple trees for borers and insects. I have been
troubled in my timber (recently cleared) land with borers, and if I had not taken this precaution
they would have been worse. It is known as the "Carnahan tree wash." Obtaining it ready prepared
in a can, I applied it in June with a whitewash brush to the tree trunks and a portion of the
limbs, and found it very beneficial. While it will not destroy the borer, I think it will prevent
the borer beetle from depositing eggs on the outside. From the healthy appearance of the tree
and the smooth appearance of the bark, I think it equals anything I ever tried. It is also
good for the prevention of other insects, as tree-crickets, etc., and I think it will destroy
the curculio to some extent, and will prevent insects climbing the trees. My trees never looked
more thrifty. I cannot say it will prevent root-rot.

F. Holsinger: I would like to inquire whether your ground was thoroughly cultivated?

A. Chandler: All the cultivation I could give would not prevent borers. I applied the wash
from the ground up, as far as I could reach. It costs about two cents per tree from four to
six years old, and I do not know but what that might be reduced. This wash is obtained in gallon
and half-gallon cans. It should be applied about twice a year--spring and fall--costing about
four cents per year for each tree.
