I met my dear friend in a marvelous palace when I was seventeen years old and it appears as though it happened only yesterday. I could see the vast courtyard, the majestic fronts, the shops with colums, the pillars and other things, and in the middle of this beautiful surrounding lie the relics of the old house of the duke with its remnants of an old fashioned bed and benches and other things like uniforms and pistols. Around this corridors and staircases there are more than five hundred youths murmuring and laughing which reaches the distant huge edifice. The life and color of the speech and gesture was wonderful. Well built young men with big moustaches and thundering voices, slim and sweet men with girlish features, the dark skinned men with black eyes, those with fair hairs and blue eyes are all there facing the north direction. They are all of different races speaking different dialects all assembled there, enjoying themselves. There are men of every class, from high to low, sons of dukes, senators, shopkeepers and ordinary men. The place looks as though it is a university or monastery. They speak of different matters like women, war, novels, and about their ambitions and aspirations. There are mingled voices expressing delights and absurdity that a great humorist could get a better idea from them to write a great work.

In 1865, this was the position of the military college of Modena.

If I bring back to my memory the greenish days that I spent there for two years, all these things run as a picture in my mind as though we are laughing and singing at present and these days which are very dear to heart could never forgotten through out my life. 

The first sadness I felt in my military life happened a few days after I joined the college when every one was busy with the poetry of war. One morning they distributed the caps for us. Each one of us took the cap that suited them best, but for all the caps were too small and the captain looked at me angrily.

He asked me if the stores to stitch a new cap had to be reopened especially for me and added what I was going to do with such a big head.

I really hated to become a soldier at that moment. I thought that it was better to beg or die than to become a soldier. 

Then an officer, an elder soldier came there and was smiling at me kindly. This consoled me very much. I thought of explaining my heart to his, when I he himself called me one evening. He said that he had heard something about me and wanted to know if it was true. I decided to speak out the matter when he smiled at me with a secret look and asked me mildly whether I write poetry.

The old thoughts flashes in my mind. I felt it difficult to sew my buttons as the needle would often slip down making my thread tangled up and the button was never stitched tightly and would appear as though it would fall of soon. At those moments, my drill sergeant would say angrily that I might be good at poetry but I was behind others in many years in accomplishing that simple task of sewing the buttons. When my companions looked down upon me I felt as though I was taken back to the eighteenth century.

The thought takes me to a prison where I was placed in a cell on the fifth floor with a jug of water and burnt bread to eat, with a nasty hair and unshaved chin, and the image of Silvio Pellico beside me. I was condemned to stay there for ten days for interrupting a chemistry professor by thanking him when he was about to end his lecture. This has violated the rules as it forbids anyone to speak in the public. Even today the Major would ask me to hear to his advice and not to let my fancy take me away, and he gives the example of his old school mate, Regaldi, the poet, who had done such a mistake and he would warn me saying that writing poetry always makes men foolish.
