At the age of 32 he was compelled by President Madison to fill  the  vacancy of  Associate Justice ship in the  Supreme court of the United States. This post was first offered to Levi Lincoln and John Quincy  Adams. Even though  this offer forced him to surrender heavy professional emolument, the high honor, permanence of the tenure and his love for juridical studies  attracted him to this prestigious post. 
      William Pitt developed  a hatred against him just because of the reason that he was young.But because of his manly integrity he over came all the problems of hatred and envy.  One year of his performance  made all silent and all of them acknowledged him as the eminent justice of the court and till his death at the age of sixty six he remained as the most respected judge and the whole nation mourned at his death.
      And then came the fourth great honor of his life which he cherished as the foremost one in his career that is the appointment as the Law Professor in Cambridge Law School.
 Mr. Nathan Dane, to express the gratitude towards the profession at large and to repay the profits which were bestowed upon him  by donating ten thousand dollars for the establishment of  a new professorship. In addition to this  he annexed the condition  that the judge Story should be the incumbent.To his excitement the judge himself assented and inaugurated as Dane professor of law, with a special view to lecturers upon the Law of nations, commercial and Maritime Law, Federal Law and Equity.He x occupied this post till his death.
    As a student, as an advocate, as a statesman, as  a Judge and as an expounder of the great principles of law  in all these walks of life he was prominent.
        It is not proper to speak about his political career  in this article. Either it will not be our presumption to judge  his judicial career. People who are abler and older  can extend their tributes towards  the qualities of this eminent judge.He was recognized as the most efficient  judge where law is recognized. The law of patents of admiralty and prizes, the jurisprudence of equity and other luminous explorations  will stand ahead as monuments of his  deeds as the Egyptian pyramids.His library of treatises is considered as a legal classic.
   Besides being a man of law he was well versed with literary pursuits. He was interested with poetry, art, literature and love. He was able to digest elaborate arguments of eminent counsel and Smollett or Walter Scott.
  He was twice married and he cared much for home  and his loved ones.His love towards them was  in his  poem of solitude which was written at the age of twenty two.
