He was in political life but a brief period again, before,
in his thirty-second year, President Madison pressed his acceptance of a vacant Associate Justiceship
in the Supreme Court of the United States, which had been declined by Levi Lincoln and by John
Quincy Adams, then in Russia. Although the acceptance involved the surrender of heavy professional
emolument, the high honor, the permanence of the tenure, and the opportunity of gratifying
his juridical studies that he so much loved, joined in compelling his acquiescence.

"The atrocious crime of being a young man," which had compelled a hatred of William Pitt the
younger, in a former day, was now brought up against him by many whose party subserviency fairly
blushed before his manly integrity, and by others who envied him his success. But one year
at the Circuit silenced all complaint. And in his thirty-third year he was acknowledged to
be the able jurist whom, at his death in his sixty-sixth year of age, a whole nation mourned.

Dismissing for the present all consideration of his judicial life, and all estimate of his
ability upon the bench, and passing over nearly twenty years of his life, we meet him in the
possession of his fourth great honor in life—but an honor which was ever the first prized by
him in all his after career—the appointment of Law Professor in Cambrige Law School.

Mr. Nathan Dane, whose Abridgement of American law in many volumes had obtained for him the
gratitude of the profession at large, and the more substantial testimonial of pecuniary profit,
had determined, about the fiftieth year of Judge Story’s life, to repay the law some of the
profits which its votaries had bestowed upon him, by donating ten thousand dollars for the
establishment of a new professorship.  He annexed to his donation, however, the condition that
Judge Story should be the incumbent. To the great delight of the donor, and of the College
Fellows, the Judge assented, and was inaugurated as Dane Professor of Law, with a special view
to Lectures upon the Law of Nations, Commercial and Maritime Law, Federal Law and Equity—a
station which he filled to the day of his lamented death.

This brief survey of his life presents him then in several public aspects; as a student, as
an advocate, as a statesman, as a judge, and as an expounder of the great principles of law,
which he worshipped with an idolatry of love.

To speak of his political career would not belong to the scope of our article. And to sit in
judgment upon his judicial career would be our presumption. Older and abler pens must render
their tributes to the extent and varied richness of his legal lore, which, taking root in principles,
branched into the minutiæ of detail, under every sun and in every clime where law is recognized
as a rule of human action. His judicial fame can never be increased or diminished by individual
estimate. The law of patents, of admiralty and prizes, the jurisprudence of equity, and above
all, his luminous explorations of what were once constitutional labyrinths, are monuments as
indestructible as the Pyramids. If every trace of their original oneness be lost, they will
yet live in the hours of future judicial days, in professional acts, and in the guiding policy
of a remote posterity. His library of treatises are legal classics; and the worst defects which
flippant carpers and canvassers of their claims to merit have discovered in their pages, have
been their richness of detail and polish of learning!

Not the least amiable phase of the life of Judge Story, was the attention which he gave to
letters and literary pursuits. He was no mere lawyer: no stringer of professional centos. He
never hid his heart with the veil of dignity; nor smothered his fresh impulses (preserved intact
from worldly rust since boyhood) with the weight of his judicial and professional labors. While
he believed that the law was a jealous mistress, he knew that this mistress was too stable
and sensible to decree that a gentle dalliance or seasonable flirtation with her maids of honor—Poetry,
or the Arts, or Literature, or Love—was an unloyal act. He could turn from Grotius to Dickens,
from Vattel to Thackeray. He could digest the points of the elaborate arguments of eminent
counsel, and then turn aside to a gentle tonic from the administrating hand of Smollett or
Walter Scott. Method was his master-key to all the combinations in the locks of labor.

Twice married he never ceased to eulogize the bliss of domesticity. Surrounded by loving eyes,
the currents of his freshened affection flowed deeper and clearer every year. How he treasured
home and home joys may be collected in the following lines from his poem on solitude (before
referred to), written in his twenty-second year.
