She had imagined, as a youth, that Charles would, consistently, live to her as he did in the month after their marriage.  She was correct, but did not consider possibility of evil acts, dissatisfaction, or other concerns.  She focused on naught but her pleasures.

She cared about nothing but the past and the future, having suffered his loss, and focused on his recovery.  Nothing but space can escape change, and neither could she:  She read, became worldly and knowledgeable, discovered the nature of life, death, and humanity.  She may have been nothing but a cranky, old lady to you, but she had a great immutable spirit, remaining strong after Charles fell, waiting for answers.  She grew older, her eyes quieter, her hair changed, but our heads grow hair.

Most men are myopic, ignoring the distant future, but Mary Knollys was patient, and thoughtful, waiting and planning for the day when her dead love, Charles would return.  Most of us are impatient, bored, quickly thinking about other topics when we lose interest in the current situation.  Mary ceased to wear black, except a ribbon or two, after a year, replacing the lack of color with bright grey.  She was delusional, insisting that her husband lived, standing by her side, sharing her good, and bad times.  She kept his spirit alive, changing it to suit her age, and shifting tastes.  Her memory was so deep, so vivid, so stated that one might, almost, think that the man was alive, beside her at her little hovel.  She is old, and decrepit, now, and I know that her vision of Charles reflects the nature of her body.  She has a mature imagination, yet an immature understanding of their relationship, focused on the ideal of the early relationship.

Charles, though long since dead, and disappeared, is memorialized by an empty grave in a miserable churchyard.  His tombstone is decayed, and covered in parasitic vines, as abandoned as the man.  Molly refused to engraved the marker with anything but, "My lost love, Charles Knollys, who shall return," as she insisted that his death could not be proved.  It had no burial mound, no date, nothing to show that the man was dead, yet she refused to visit the grave, insisting that she would take another walk with her lost love.

She went to England, patient as a glacier.

1882:  Two mysterous figures appeared in a small village, one resembling Einstein, the other, a woman withered with time, each sharing similar daily habits.  They walked together every morning, and the woman would continue into the afternoon.
