Mrs. Wordsworth did not indeed possess the creative and colouring
power of imagination that belonged to his sister as well as to himself; but her simple truthfulness,
her strong good sense (which no sophistry could impose upon), and her delicate feeling for
propriety, rendered her judgment a test of utmost value with regard to any subjects of which
it could take adequate cognisance. And these were confined within no narrow range--the workings
of Nature as it lived and moved around her, social equities and charities, religious and moral
truth, tried by the heart as well as by the head, and verbal expression, required by her to
avoid the regions of the merely abstract and philosophical, and keep to the lower but more
poetical ground of idiomatic strength and transparent logic.'

P. 457, l. 18. 'The (almost) contemporary notice of Milton.' A still more significant contemporary
notice of Milton than the well-known one of the text occurs in 'The Censure of the Rota upon
Mr. Milton's book entituled The Ready and Easie Way to establish a Free Commonwealth, 1660,
by James Harrington,' as comes out at p. 16 ('my Oceana'). As it seems to have escaped the
commentators, a short quotation must be given here: 'Though you have scribled your eyes out,
your works have never been printed but for the company of Chandlers and Tobacco-Men, who are
your Stationers, and the onely men that vend your Labors' (pp. 4-5). 'He [a member of the Rota]
said that he himself reprieved the Whole Defence of the People of England for a groat, that
was sentenced to vile Mundungus, and had suffer'd inevitably (but for him), though it cost
you much oyle and the Rump 300l. a year,' &c. (ibid.). This of the 'Defence'!!!

P. 459, l. 7 onward. Horace, Ode iv. 2, 1; ibid. 2, 27.

P. 462, l. 15. 'Walter Scott is not a careful composer,' &c. This recurs in Mr. Aubrey do Vere's
'Recollections' (p. 487 onward). I venture as a Scot to observe that for this one slight misquotation
by Scott, on which so large a conclusion is built, the quotations by Wordsworth from others
would furnish twenty-fold. He was singularly inexact in quotation, as even these Notes and
Illustrations will satisfy in the places--scarcely in a single instance being verbally accurate.
'Sweet' certainly was a perfectly fitting word for the sequestered lake of St. Mary in its
serene summer beauty. Moreover, swans are not usually found singly, but in pairs; and a pair
surely differenced not greatly the symbol of loneliness. The latter remark points to Wordsworth's
further objection, as stated to Mr. de Vere (as supra).

P. 492, l. 26. 'In the case of a certain poet since dead,' &c. I may record what his own son
has not felt free to do, that this was Sir Aubrey de Vere, whose 'Song of Faith, and other
Poems,' has not yet gathered its ultimate renown. Wordsworth greatly admired the modest little
volume. See one of his Sonnets on page 495. Nor with the Laureate's poem-play of 'Queen Mary'
(Tudor) winning inevitable welcome ought it to be forgotten--as even prominent critics of it
are sorrowfully forgetting--that Sir Aubrey de Vere, so long ago as 1847, published his drama
of 'Mary Tudor.' I venture to affirm that it takes its place--a lofty one--beside 'Philip van
Artevelde,' and that it need fear no comparison with 'Queen Mary.' Early and comparatively
modern supreme poetry somehow gets out of sight for long.

P. 497, 1. 15. Read 'no angel smiled.' I can only offer the plea of an old Worthy, who said,
'Errata are inevitable, for we are human; and to have none would imply eyes behind as well
as before, or the wallet of our errors all in front.' G.

INDEX.

* * * As pointed out in the places, the 'Contents' of Vol. III. give the details of topics
in the 'Notes and Illustrations of the Poems' and of 'Letters and Extracts of Letters' so minutely,
as to obviate their record here; thus lightening the Index. G.

A.

Abuses, i. 284.

Acquiescence, not choice, i. 19.

Action, springs of, i. 160.

Addresses, Two, to the Freeholders of Westmoreland, i. 211-270;
  occasion of writing, i. 214.

Addison, i. 357, iii. 508.

Adventurers, i. 241.

Advice to the Young, i. 295-326.

Admiration, unqualified, i. 312.

Advancement and preferment of youth, i. 352.
