Mrs. Wordsworth did not so own the originative and colouring power of imagination that lay to his sister as well as to himself; but her simple truthfulness, her strong good feel (which no sophistry could impose abreast of), and her delicate fingering for propriety, tried her judgment a examine of uttermost value with regard to any subjects of which it could engage fair to middling cognisance. And these were restrained inside no narrow range--the workings of Nature as it lived and motivated around her, herding equities and charities, spiritual and moral truth, attempted by the heart as well as by the head, and verbal expression, demanded by her to avoid the regions of the but abstract and philosophical, and keep to the scummier but more poetic ground of idiomatical strength and transparent logic.'

P. 457, l. 18. 'The (almost) contemporary find of Milton.' A still more significant modern-day notice of Milton than the well-known one of the text passes off in 'The Censure of the Rota upon Mr. Milton's book entituled The gear up and Easie Way to establish a Free Commonwealth, 1660, by James Harrington,' as follows out at p. 16 ('my Oceana'). As it advances to have escaped the commentators, a unforbearing quotation must be handed here: 'Though you have scribled your eyeballs out, your works have never been imprinted but for the company of Chandlers and Tobacco-Men, who are your Stationers, and the onely men that vend your Labors' (pp. xlv). 'He [a member of the Rota] pronounced that he himself respited the tout ensemble Defence of the People of England for a groat, that was sentenced to despicable Mundungus, and had suffer'd inevitably (but for him), though it cost you much oyle and the Rump 300l. a year,' &c. (ibid.). This of the 'Defence'!!!

P. 459, l. 7 forward. Horace, Ode 4. 2, 1; ibid. 2, 27.

P. 462, l. 15. 'Walter Scott is not a careful composer,' &c. This duplicates in Mr. Aubrey do Vere's 'Recollections' (p. 487 onward). I venture as a Scot to keep an eye on that for this one slender misquotation by Scott, on which so large a conclusion is ramped up, the quotations by Wordsworth from others would furnish twenty-fold. He was singularly inexact in quotation, as even these Notes and Illustrations will fulfil in the places--scarcely in a single instance being verbally accurate. 'Sweet' sure was a dead fitting out word for the sequestered lake of St. Mary in its serene summer beauty. furthermore, casts are not commonly found singly, but in pairs; and a copulate surely differenced not greatly the symbol of loneliness. The latter mention points to Wordsworth's further objection, as stated to Mr. de Vere (as above).

P. 492, l. 26. 'In the case of a certain poet since deadened,' &c. I may record what his own son has not felt free to do, that this was Sir Aubrey de Vere, whose 'Song of Faith, and other Poems,' has not yet gathered its ultimate renown. Wordsworth greatly admired the modest piffling volume. See one of his Sonnets on page 495. Nor with the Laureate's poem-play of 'Queen Mary' (Tudor) winning inevitable have had better it to be forgotten--as even prominent critics of it are dolefully forgetting--that Sir Aubrey de Vere, so long ago as 1847, published his drama of 'Mary Tudor.' I venture to substantiate that it contracts its place--a lofty one--beside 'Philip van Artevelde,' and that it need venerate no comparison with 'Queen Mary.' early and comparatively mod sovereign poetry someway gets out of sight for long.

P. 497, 1. 15. Read 'no angel smiled.' I can only offer the plea of an old desirable, who said, 'Errata are inevitable, for we are human; and to have none would imply eyeballs behind as well as in front, or the wallet of our errors all in front.' G.


As leveled out in the places, the 'Contents' of Vol. 3. give the details of topics in the 'remarks and Illustrations of the Poems' and of 'Letters and elicits of Letters' so circumstantially, as to head off their record here; thus lightening up the Index. G.
