We stayed in that way for an extended period, not speaking or even thinking, but just feeling. The messangers' dining room was like a princess's room out of a fairtale castle. The spots of grease looked like celestial bodies that had come to earth to view two happy people. They were just a driver and a maid, but the world belonged to them.

CHAPTER XXXII

Some time later, we spok again and discussed the duel purposes to one another, between each explanation there was a thought provoking pause. Then, Jack told me his and Miss Paget's story. 

Miss Paget had been in love once with Jack's father, but then Jack's mother met his father. Claud was Jack's father, for whom Jack was named. Miss Paget adored the name because it reminded her of the man she loved. The first Claud, however, was unlucky. He had lost most of his and his wife's money and died pursuing more money in South America. While he was at Eton, Jack's mother died as well. After the death of his parents, Miss Paget's home became Jack's. Miss Paget paid Jack's debts when he over spent while at Oxford, and she spent her money on him happily, telling him that everything that was hers would be his someday and assuring him that he needn't worry. Listening to Miss Paget, Jack did not worry, lived lazily, according to his own estimation, and enjoyed life. In the few years before he and I met, Jack and a friend of his believed that a newly invented motor would become profitable. Jack's friend introduced Jack to the idea. Jack tried to interest his Aunt in the venture, but because she was apparently jealous of Jack's affection for his friend, whom she did not like, she decided to have nothing to do with it. However, Jack had already relied on Miss Paget's previous expenditures and had assumed that she would join forces with him and his friend. Once Miss Paget renounced the project, Jack was forced to sell his own investments, which amounted to all of his mother's money, in the interest of furthering the motor. When the motor proved inoperable and the invention not profitable, all Miss. Paget could say was "I told you so!"

According to Jack, it was at this time that Miss Paget bought Beau the dog. She'd had another dog, a gift from Jack, that had died, but she purchased Beau herself. Just a few days after Beau's arrival, Jack visited Miss Paget in the country to talk things over with her. Jack had been raised to assume that he would be Miss Paget's heir, and she wanted him with her always. Miss Paget considered Jack her son, and she was opposed to him working. Since, however, Jack's investment caused him to lose his money, he believed it best that he learn to do something to decrease his dependency on Miss Paget since the two hundred dollar yearly income he had enjoyed had been devastated by his faulty investment. Jack travelled to his Aunt's home with the intention of asking her to loan him enough money to invest in another friend's thriving motor business; he planned to offer to pay her back slowly. Unfortunatly for Jack, on his trip to his Aunt's house, all was against him.

First of all, Miss Paget was still angry with Jack for defying her with his motor investment. She had no more interest in motors or businesses reltated thereto. And then there was Beau. 

Miss Paget had purchased Beau from a horrible man who had not only certainly mistreated the dog but had likley stolen him as well. Still a puppy, and largely because of his bad experiences with his former owner, Beau feared and hated men. Miss Paget had taken to spoiling Beau from the time she acquired him. She encouraged him to growl at male servants and happily watched him scare away male visitors. Beau ambled in while Jack and Miss Paget argued about money and motors, and Beau seeing stange male alone with his favored owner, became enraged at Jack. Beau grabbed Jack by the leg of his pants and pulled. Jack had to choke Beau to relase his grip. 

Miss Paget became hysterical when she saw Jack so treat Beau. Miss Paget screamed that Jack was heartless and mean that he took her for granted and cared only for her money. Miss Paget accused Jack of having never loved her and of begruding her companion, Beau, with whom Jack had no business. Miss Paget opined that Beau's distaste for Jack was a warning to her about Jack, and she decided that Jack was of bad character. She yelled to Jack to get out of her sight lest she would set Beau after him. After some straightforward comments, Jack left. 

Deep down, Jack loved his aunt dearly and loved her despite her extravagances. Jack believed Miss Paget was akin to him and therefore anticipated an apology for the outburst and her request that he return. Neither came.
