
We stayed like that for a long time, not saying anything, and not even thinking, but feeling--feeling.
And the couriers' dining-room was a princess's boudoir in an enchanted palace. The grease spots
were stars and moons that had rolled out of heaven to see how two poor mortals looked when
they were perfectly happy. Just a poor chauffeur and a motor maid: but the world was theirs.

CHAPTER XXXII

After a while we talked again, and explained all the cross-purposes to each other, with the
most interesting pauses in between the explanations. And Jack told me about himself, and Miss
Paget.

It seems that her only sister was his mother, and she had been in love with his father before
he met the sister. The father's name was Claud, and Jack was named after him. It was Miss Paget's
favourite name, because of the man she had loved. But the first Claud wasn't very lucky. He
lost all his own money and most of his wife's, and died in South America, where he'd gone in
the hope of making more. Then the wife, Jack's mother, died too, while he was at Eton. After
that Miss Paget's house was his home. Whenever he was extravagant at Oxford, as he was sometimes,
she would pay his debts quite happily, and tell him that everything she had would be his some
day, so he was not to bother about money. Accordingly, he didn't bother, but lived rather a
lazy life--so he said--and enjoyed himself. A couple of years before I met him he got interested,
through a friend, in a newly invented motor, which they both thought would be a wonderful success.
Jack tried to get his aunt interested, too, but she didn't like the friend who had invented
it--seemed jealous of Jack's affection for him--and refused to have anything to do with the
affair. Jack had gone so far, however, while taking her consent for granted, that he felt bound
to go on; and when Miss Paget would have nothing to do with floating the new invention, Jack
sold out the investments of his own little fortune (all that was left of his mother's money),
putting everything at his friend's disposal. Miss Paget was disgusted with him for doing this,
and when the motor wouldn't mote and the invention wouldn't float, she just said, "I told you so!"

It was at this time, Jack went on to tell me, that Miss Paget bought Beau. She had had another
dog, given her by Jack, which died, and she collected Beau herself. Only a few days after Beau's
arrival, Jack went down into the country to see his aunt and talk things over; for she had
brought him up to expect to be her heir; and as she wanted him with her continually, as if
he had been her son, she had objected to his taking up any profession. Now that he'd lost his
own money in this unfortunate speculation, he felt he ought to do something not to be dependent
upon her, his income of two hundred a year having been sunk with the unfloatable motor invention.
He meant to ask Miss Paget to lend him enough to go in as partner with another friend, who
had a very thriving motor business, and to suggest paying her back so much a year. But everything
was against him on that visit to his aunt's country house.

In the first place, she was in a very bad humour with him, because he had gone against her
wishes, and she didn't want to hear anything more about motors or motor business. Then, there
was Beau, as a tertium quid.

Beau had been bought from a dreadful man who had probably stolen, and certainly ill-treated
him. The dog was very young, and owing to his late owner's cruelty, feared and hated the sight
of a man. Since she had had him Miss Paget had done her very best to spoil the poor animal,
encouraging him to growl at the men-servants, and laughing when he frightened away any male
creature who had come about the place. While she and Jack were arguing over money and motors,
who should stroll in but Beau, who at sight of a stranger--a man--closeted with his indulgent
mistress, flew into a rage. He seized Jack by the trouser-leg and began to worry it, and Jack
had to choke him before the dog would let go his grip.

The sight of this dreadful deed threw Miss Paget into hysterics. She shrieked that her nephew
was cruel, ungrateful--that he had never loved her, that he cared only for her money, and now
that he grudged her the affection of a dog with which he had had nothing to do; that the dog's
dislike for him was a warning to her, and made her see him in his true light at last. "Go--go--out
of my sight--or I'll set my poor darling at you!" she cried, and Jack went, after saying several
rather frank things.

At heart he was fond of his aunt, in spite of her eccentricities, and believed that she was
of him, therefore he expected a letter of apology for her injustice and a request to come back.
But no such letter ever arrived.
