What is Theosophy? How does a Chela "found his" guru "The Sages of the Himalayas Himavat Brothers - Do they exist? Interview with the Mahatma The Secret Doctrine 

Historical 

The Puranas of the Morya dynasty and Koothoomi cycle theory 

Scientific 

Jiva Odorigen Introversion and mental vision "precipitation" "How do you sleep?" The transmigration of the atoms of life, "OM" and its practical importance 

FIVE YEARS of Theosophy 

Mystical 

The elixir of life "of the Agenda * a Chela. In G --- --- M, FTS 

"And Enoch walked with Elohim, and Elohim took him." - Genesis 

Introduction 

[The information for anyone curious about what the world thinks of it, no doubt, be recognized as that - contained in the article below, deserves a few words of introduction. The data collected from her on the subject of what has always been considered one of the darkest and stricter monitoring of the mysteries of initiation into the occult - from the days of the Rishis, to the Theosophical Society - came the author's knowledge in a way that appears to the ordinary course of Europeans strange and supernatural. He himself, however, we can assure the reader, is a more complete disbelief in the supernatural, although he has learned a great deal to limit the capacity of the natural as some do. In addition, he has to make the following confession of his own belief. It will be apparent from a careful reading of the facts, that if the matter was really as described herein, the author can not be himself an expert of high degree, as the article in that case would never have been written. Nor is it intended to be one. He is, or was it for some years a humble Chela. Therefore, contrary to what must be true also that in relation to the upper stages of the mystery that can not have personal experience, but speaks of him only as an attentive observer left to their own assumptions - and nothing else. It may, therefore, boldly, during, and yet, unfortunately its too short stay with some followers, is the real experiment and observation to verify some of the less momentous or emerging parties of course "." And, although it will be impossible for him to give positive testimony as to what is beyond, he can still mention that all their courses of study, training and experience, long, serious and dangerous as it has been often leads the belief that everything is really as stated, except for some details purposely hidden. For reasons that can not be explained to the public, may be unable or unwilling to use the secret that has had access to. Still allows one to whom all reverential affection and gratitude is due - his guru last - to disclose the benefit of Science and Man, and especially for the sake of those who are brave enough to personally experience, the following surprising hidden methods to prolong the life of a period far beyond the common] .-- GM 

--------- * A. Chela is the student and disciple of a guru or teacher initiated --------- .-- Ed 

Probably one of the first considerations which move the mundane today to request the opening in Theosophy is the belief or hope, that immediately on joining, some extraordinary advantage over the rest of humanity is what gives the candidate. Some even think that the end result of their initiation will perhaps be exemption of the solution is known as the common lot of mankind. The traditions of "Elixir of Life," says he is in possession of Kabbalists and alchemists are still appreciated by students of medieval occultism - in Europe. The allegory of the Ab-e Hyat or water of life, is still recognized as fact by the degraded remnants of the Asiatic esoteric sects ignorant of the real big secret. The essence of "hot and burning," by which Zanoni renewed his existence, still fires the imagination of modern visionaries as a possible future scientific discovery. 

Theosophically, but the fact is clearly stated to be true, as the named concepts of procedure that led to the realization of the fact, known to be false.
