
Theosophical

What is Theosophy? How a "Chela" Found His "Guru" The Sages of the Himavat The Himalayan Brothers--Do
They Exist? Interview With a Mahatma The Secret Doctrine

Historical

The Puranas on the Dynasty of the Moryas and on Koothoomi The Theory of Cycles

Scientific

Odorigen and Jiva Introversion of Mental Vision "Precipitation" "How Shall We Sleep?" Transmigration
of the Life Atoms "OM" and its Practical Significance

FIVE YEARS OF THEOSOPHY

Mystical

The "Elixir of Life"
       From a Chela's* Diary.  By G---M---, F.T.S.

"And Enoch walked with the Elohim, and the Elohim took him." --Genesis

Introduction

[The curious information-for whatsoever else the world may think of it, it will doubtless be
acknowledged to be that--contained in the article that follows, merits a few words of introduction.
The details given in it on the subject of what has always been considered as one of the darkest
and most strictly guarded of the mysteries of the initiation into occultism--from the days
of the Rishis until those of the Theosophical Society--came to the knowledge of the author
in a way that would seem to the ordinary run of Europeans strange and supernatural. He himself,
however, we may assure the reader, is a most thorough disbeliever in the Supernatural, though
he has learned too much to limit the capabilities of the natural as some do.  Further, he has
to make the following confession of his own belief.  It will be apparent, from a careful perusal
of the facts, that if the matter be really as stated therein, the author cannot himself be
an adept of high grade, as the article in such a case would never have been written.  Nor does
he pretend to be one.  He is, or rather was, for a few years an humble Chela. Hence, the converse
must consequently be also true, that as regards the higher stages of the mystery he can have
no personal experience, but speaks of it only as a close observer left to his own surmises--and
no more.  He may, therefore, boldly state that during, and notwithstanding, his unfortunately
rather too short stay with some adepts, he has by actual experiment and observation verified
some of the less transcendental or incipient parts of the "Course."  And, though it will be
impossible for him to give positive testimony as to what lies beyond, he may yet mention that
all his own course of study, training and experience, long, severe and dangerous as it has
often been, leads him to the conviction that everything is really as stated, save some details
purposely veiled.  For causes which cannot be explained to the public, he himself may he unable
or unwilling to use the secret he has gained access to.  Still he is permitted by one to whom
all his reverential affection and gratitude are due--his last guru--to divulge for the benefit
of Science and Man, and specially for the good of those who are courageous enough to personally
make the experiment, the following astounding particulars of the occult methods for prolonging
life to a period far beyond the common.--G.M.]

--------- * A. Chela is the pupil and disciple of an initiated Guru or Master.--Ed. ---------

Probably one of the first considerations which move the worldly-minded at present to solicit
initiation into Theosophy is the belief, or hope, that, immediately on joining, some extraordinary
advantage over the rest of mankind will be conferred upon the candidate.  Some even think that
the ultimate result of their initiation will perhaps be exemption from that dissolution which
is called the common lot of mankind.  The traditions of the "Elixir of Life," said to be in
the possession of Kabalists and Alchemists, are still cherished by students of Medieval Occultism--in
Europe.  The allegory of the Ab-e Hyat or Water of Life, is still credited as a fact by the
degraded remnants of the Asiatic esoteric sects ignorant of the real GREAT SECRET. The "pungent
and fiery Essence," by which Zanoni renewed his existence, still fires the imagination of modern
visionaries as a possible scientific discovery of the future.

Theosophically, though the fact is distinctly declared to be true, the above-named conceptions
of the mode of procedure leading to the realization of the fact, are known to be false.
