The most weight is laid on the exclusion of tea brought in from Prussia in all of the contraband articles. No country consumes as much tea as Poland or Russia. Tea imported from China and smuggled into Prussia can be sold for a tenth of the price of "caravan-tea," which comes through Russian merchants directly overland. This overland trade, which is a major element of the Russian economy, suffers greatly from the presence of smuggled tea. Because this poses such a prominent threat to their economy, the Russian government offers a premium of fifty cents per pound of tea seized, paid down without any discount. 

For this reason, the premium is highly attractive to officers on the frontier. It used to be that the confiscated tea would be sold at public auction to a buyer willing to carry it over the frontier properly; Russian officers were in charge of this proces and delivered the contraband to Prussian frontier towns. However, frequently those Russian officers themselves would carry the tea back into Poland the following night. Therefore, a more radical approach had to be taken: all confiscated tea would be utterly destroyed by fire. Anywhere from 20,000 to 40,000 pounds of confiscated tea are destroyed annually in the chief city of the province. The truth, however, is that usually nothing more than brown paper or damaged tea are actually consumed in flame. Russian officials are too pragmatic to burn valuable tea when a good product has been confiscated. In a situation like this, the officials will take the tea themselves and replace it with an equal weight of paper or rags to resemble the original packages. Often, however,the confiscated tea is either damaged or useless, and thus of little value. 

Because of the tea's great value, Polish Jews and Russian officials will work together to gain the reward. The curious process goes as follows: 
A Polish Jew will buy up a great quantity of worthless tea and coordinate a time and place with a Russian border officer. The Polish Jew will cross the border at that time, with the express intention of being caught by the Russian official, who waits with an ignorant third party. At the correct moment, the Officer will notice the Jew, who will attempt to make an escape. The officer will chase after the so-called smuggler, fail to catch him, and fire his musket. The supposed smuggler will then drop the package and disappear. The officer will take the dropped package and return to the office with his witness, who will attest to how earnestly he attempted to catch the culprit. The officer will then collect his reward, and give the smuggler a previously agreed upon stipend. 

* * * * *

MORE OF LEIGH HUNT.[1]

Even though possibly more than half of these volumes have been given to the world in previous publications, they carry this recommendation with them: They present portrait-painting that has not been seen in such felicity. A pleasant tale with cheerful wisdom lies scattered about in books that now appears in an accessible, continuous form specially crafted for the reading generation of recent years. Mr. Hunt almost disarms criticism with his confession that this performance is what led to his death-sentence, and that he had wanted to abandon the project at almost every step, had circumstances allowed.

Any reader will find passionate examples of the author's spirit as he follows his fascinating tale. From the serene height of old age,  "the gray-haired boy whose heart can never grow old," our narrator shares his regrets and refusals of egotism or assumptions, silly indignation of the past, and allows himself to happily accept the joys of life along with its pains. All this occurs to him "with the disposition to believe them the best that could have happened, whether for the correction of what was wrong in him, or the improvement of what was right."

The final chapter of this saga contains a short account of Mr. Hunt's activity during the last twenty-five years; his residence at Highgate, Hampstead, Chelsea, and Kensington, and of his literary labors while living at these places.
