Advances in embryology for evidence of the facts of its development, for his aggressive espousal of epigenesis and the origin of all animal eggs and stressing its dynamic approach to temporal factors in the development and initial function of the embryo independent bodies. However, the cast of the Aristotelian treatise Harvey encouraged continued discussion of the issues in a long-outdated and obsolete, along with their disdain expressed by "chymistry" and the atomic theory, discouraged embryologists close cooperation between the various trends. Perhaps it is easy to underestimate the impact and overall importance of the work of Harvey in the light of these requirements, so it should be noted that both positive and negative features of generatione deeply influenced the thinking embryological later. 
It is recalled that the title of The touchstone Philosophicall Digby identified as an object of the wrath of Alexander Ross. On a comparable basis Arcana Microcosmi latter, published in 1652, declares its purpose as "a refutation of Dr. Brown's Vulgar Errors, Natural History of Lord Bacon, and the book by Dr. Harvy of Generation." Let us pause a moment in memory of a man so bold as to carry out three important intellectual rebuttal of England in a small volume, and then proceed to examine the embryological concepts of one of the three, Sir Thomas Browne. 

Religio Medici Browne, made a private confession of faith around 1635, is known to all students of English literature, as well as his splendid new book on death and immortality, Hydrotaphia, Urne-Buriall. One of the great stylists of English prose, Browne was also a physician and a student of the generation that deserves our attention as a chemical embryologist at the beginning pointing the way toward a form of embryo research is highlighted in the second half of the seventeenth century . 

embryological points of view are particularly Pseudodoxia Epidemica Browne, The Garden of Cyrus, and wrote several unpublished. Browne, a man read, was educated at Oxford, Montpellier, Padua and Leyden, and was thoroughly imbued with the teaching of the prophets of learning "new." This is evident in his writings, as evidenced by his warning to the reader of Christian morality: 

Studies Let your reason for being free as its thought and contemplation, but not only fly on the wings of imagination Sense Joyn you and I experience speculation, and thus give life to the truths and truths Embryon however, in its chaos [26]. 

Browne admired the work of Harvey on the generation, noting that "excellent speech ... So far above the two great pillars of truth, experience and sound reason." [27] Browne held a variety of studies with animals of all kinds, their sense of reason to join, and "Speculation experiment." Therefore, in studies of generation, also made some observations and simple experiments chemistry. Noting that "deer body Naturall discover themselves several freeze", [28] Browne experimentally studied the chemical properties of substances provide the development of raw materials. He noted the effects of agents such as heat and cold, oil, vinegar and salt to the eggs of various animals, made a record as: 

Of milk whayish, look at the wee eggs in white, fully freez, the Yelka with the same degree of cold, wet scrub and trees grow thick, nasty ass sperm or tredde held his old body, increasing the stiffness which is the nearest white .... Eggs seem to have their own clot occurs inside incrassations incubated in a while .... No rotten eggs for hatching bees or decoction, as being poor in this SPIRITT, or having it suffers .... To what extent the principle of generation of coagulant operateth is evident from HBB incrassata eggs without it. How long the clot incubated incrassation heat from or wh diffuseth Chalaza Gallatin. containeth 3 nodes, head, heart and liver [29]. 

Nobody can say that Browne come to any broad generalizations about embryogenesis on the basis of their experiments rather naive, but are indicative of the effects of learning "new" in an area of biology. In fact, Browne seems more comfortable in the search for patterns corresponding to the staggered, as in The Garden of Cyrus, and although it may have been looking for something similar to the type of the last unit, using the accumulated scientific information more effectively in support non-scientific propositions.
