It advances embryology by
its demonstration of certain facts of development, by its aggressive espousal of epigenesis
and the origin of all animals from eggs, and by its dynamic approach stressing the temporal
factors in development and the initial independent function of embryonic organs. However, the
strong Aristotelian cast of Harvey's treatise encouraged continued discussion of long outdated
questions in an outdated manner and, combined with his expressed disdain for "chymistry" and
atomism, discouraged close cooperation between embryologists of different persuasions. It is
perhaps easy to underestimate the impact and general importance of Harvey's work in view of
these qualifications, and so it should be remarked that both positive and negative features
of De Generatione influenced profoundly subsequent embryological thought.

It will be recalled that the title of The Philosophicall Touch-Stone identified Digby as the
object of Alexander Ross's ire. In comparable manner, the latter's Arcana Microcosmi, published
in 1652, declares its purpose to be "a refutation of Dr. Brown's Vulgar Errors, the Lord Bacon's
Natural History, and Dr. Harvy's book De Generatione." Let us pause a brief moment in memory
of a man so intrepid as to undertake the refutation of three of England's great intellects
in one small volume, and then proceed to examine the embryological concepts of one of the trio,
Sir Thomas Browne.

Browne's Religio Medici, composed as a private confession of faith around 1635, is known to
all students of English literature, as is his later, splendid work on death and immortality,
Hydrotaphia, Urne-Buriall. One of the greatest stylists of English prose, Browne was also a
physician and a student of generation who deserves our attention as an early chemical embryologist
pointing the way to a form of embryological investigation prominent in the last half of the
seventeenth century.

Browne's embryological opinions are found particularly in Pseudodoxia Epidemica, The Garden
of Cyrus, and in his unpublished Miscellaneous Writings. Browne, a well-read man, was educated
at Oxford, Montpellier, Padua, and Leyden, and he was thoroughly imbued with the teaching of
the prophets of the "new learning." This is evident throughout his writings, as witness his
admonition to the reader of the Christian Morals:

     Let thy Studies be free as thy Thoughts and Contemplations, but fly
     not only upon the wings of Imagination; Joyn Sense unto Reason, and
     Experiment unto Speculation, and so give life unto Embryon Truths,
     and Verities yet in their Chaos.[26]

Browne greatly admired Harvey's work on generation, considering it "that excellent discourse
... So strongly erected upon the two great pillars of truth, experience and solid reason."[27]
Browne carried out a variety of studies upon animals of all kinds, in them joining Sense unto
Reason, and "Experiment unto Speculation." Thus in his studies of generation, he made observations
and also performed certain simple chemical experiments. Noting that "Naturall bodyes doe variously
discover themselves by congelation,"[28] Browne studied experimentally the chemical properties
of those substances providing the raw material of development. He observed the effects of such
agents as heat and cold, oil, vinegar, and saltpeter upon eggs of various animals, recording
such facts as the following:

     Of milk the whayish part, in eggs wee observe the white, will
     totally freez, the yelk with the same degree of cold growe thick &
     clammy like gumme of trees; butt the sperme or tredde hold its
     former body, the white growing stiff that is nearest it.... Egges
     seem to have their owne coagulum within themselves manifested in
     the incrassations upon incubation.... Rotten egges will not bee
     made hard by incubation or decoction, as being destitute of that
     spiritt, or having the same vitiated.... How far the coagulating
     principle operateth in generation is evident from eggs wch will
     never incrassate without it. From the incrassation upon incubation
     when heat diffuseth the coagulum, from the chalaza or gallatine
     wh. containeth 3 nodes, the head, heart, & liver.[29]

It cannot be said that Browne attained to any great generalizations
regarding embryogeny on the basis of his rather naive experiments, but
they are indicative of the effects of the "new learning" in one area of
biology. Actually, Browne appears more comfortable in the search for
patterns conforming to the quincunx, as in The Garden of Cyrus, and
although he may well have been in search of something like the later
Unity of Type, he uses his amassed details of scientific knowledge most
effectively in support of nonscientific propositions.
