Embryology is advanced by the demonstration of certain facts of development, by the aggressive espousal of epigenesis, all animals originating from eggs, the dynamic approach stressing temporal factors in development and the initial independent function of embryonic functions. Harvey's treatise had a strong Aristotelian cast that encouraged continued discussion of long outdated questions in an outdated manner, and when combined with his expressed disdain for "chymistry" and atomism, was used to discourage close cooperation between embryologists of different persuasions. In view of these qualifications, it could be easy to underestimate the impact and general importance of Harvey's work, and it should be noted that both De Generatione had a profound influence on subsequent embryological thoughts in both a positive and negative manner.

You might recall that Digby was identified as the object of Alexander Ross's ire in the title of The Philosophicall Touch-Stone. In the same way, the latter's Arcana Microcosmi, which was published in 1652 declared itself as "a refutation of Dr. Brown's Vulgar Errors, the Lord Bacon's Natural History, and Dr. Harvy's book De Generatione." We should pause to consider how brave this man was to undertake to refute three of England's great intellects in one small volume, and then proceed to examine the embryological concepts of one of the trio, Sir Thomas Browne.

Browne's Religio Medici, which was composed in 1635 as a private confession of faith, is known to students of English literature, as is Hydrotaphia, Ume Buriall, his later work on death and immortality. Browne was one of the greatist stylicsts of English prose, as well as a physician and student of generation who deserves attention as an early chemical embryologist who pointed the way to a form of embryological investigation prominent in the last half of the seventeenth century.

Browne's embryological opinions can be found particularly in Pseudodoxia Epidemica, The Garden or Cyrys and his unpublished Miscellaneous writings. Educated at Oxford, Montpellier, Padua and Leyden, Browne was a well-read man and was thoroughly imbued with the teachings of the prophets of the "new learning". This was shown throughout his writings, as witness his admonition of the Christian Morals to the reader.

Let thy Studies be free as thy Thoughts and Contemplations, but fly not only upon the wings of Imagination; Joyn Sense unto Reason, and Experiment unto Speculation, and so give life unto Embryon Truths, and Verities yet in their Chaos.[26] 

Harvey's work on generation was greatly admired by Browne, considering it "that excellent discourse ... So strongly erected upon the two great pillars of truth, experience and solid reason."[27] Browne performed many studies on a variety of animals, and in them joining Sense unto Reason and "Experiment unto Speculation." In his studies of generation, he thus made observations and performed certain simple chemical experiments. He noted that "Naturall bodyes doe variously discover themselves by congelation,"[28] He also studied the chemical properties of those substances that provided the raw materials of development experimentally. He observed the effects of agents such as heat, cold, oil, vinegar and saltpeter on eggs of various animals and records facts such as:

Of milk the whayish part, in eggs wee observe the white, will totally freez, the yelk with the same degree of cold growe thick & clammy like gumme of trees; butt the sperme or tredde hold its former body, the white growing stiff that is nearest it.... Egges seem to have their owne coagulum within themselves manifested in the incrassations upon incubation.... Rotten egges will not bee made hard by incubation or decoction, as being destitute of that spiritt, or having the same vitiated.... How far the coagulating principle operateth in generation is evident from eggs wch will never incrassate without it. From the incrassation upon incubation when heat diffuseth the coagulum, from the chalaza or gallatine wh. containeth 3 nodes, the head, heart, & liver.[29] 

Browne cannot be said to have attained any great generalizations regarding embryogeny on the basis of these rather naive experiments, but they indicate the effects of the "new learning" in one area of biology. Browne actually appeared more comfortable in the search for patterns conforming to the quincunx, as in The Garden of Cyrus, and even though he may well have been looking for something like te later Unity of Type, he used his amassed scientific knowledge most effectively in support of nonscientific propositions.
