He
looked neither to the right nor left, but kept his glance downcast. Only once, as he stood
there waiting to be questioned, did he cast a furtive look towards the man whose life hung
on his evidence, but the malevolent vindictive gaze Birchill shot back at him caused him to
lower his eyelids instantly.

Hill commenced his evidence in a voice so low that Mr. Walters stopped him at the outset and
asked him to speak in a louder tone. It soon became apparent that his evidence was making a
deep impression on the court. Sir Henry Hodson listened to him intently, and watched him keenly,
as Hill, with impassive countenance and smooth even tones, told his strange story of the night
of the murder. When he had drawn to a conclusion he gave another furtive glance at the dock,
but Birchill was seated with his head bowed down, as though tired, and with one hand supporting
his face.

Mr. Walters methodically folded up his brief and sat down, with a sidelong glance in the direction
of Mr. Holymead as he did so. Every eye in court was turned on Holymead as the great K.C. settled
his gown on his shoulders and got up to cross-examine the principal Crown witness.

His cross-examination was the admiration of those spectators whose sympathies were on the side
of the man in the dock as one of themselves. Hill was cross-examined as to the lapse from honesty
which had sent him to gaol, and he was reluctantly forced to admit, that so far from the theft
being the result of an impulse to save his wife and child from starvation, as the Counsel for
the prosecution had indicated, it was the result of the impulse of cupidity. He had robbed
a master who had trusted him and had treated him with kindness. Having extracted this fact,
in spite of Hill's evasions and twistings, Holymead straightened himself to his full height,
and, shaking a warning finger at the witness, said:

"I put it to you, witness, that the reason Sir Horace Fewbanks engaged you as butler in his
household at Riversbrook was because he knew you to be a man of few scruples, who would be
willing to do things that a more upright honest man would have objected to?"

"That is not true," replied Hill.

"Is it not true that your late master frequently entertained women of doubtful character at
Riversbrook?" thundered the K.C.

Hill gasped at the question. When he had first heard that his late master's old friend, Mr.
Holymead, was to appear for Birchill, he had immediately come to the conclusion that Mr. Holymead
was taking up the case in order to save Sir Horace's name from exposure by dealing carefully
with his private life at Riversbrook. But here he was ruthlessly tearing aside the veil of
secrecy. Hill hesitated. He glanced round the curious crowded court and saw the eager glances
of the women as they impatiently awaited his reply. He hesitated so long that Holymead repeated
the question.

"Women of doubtful character?" faltered the witness. "I do not understand you."

"You understand me perfectly well, Hill. I do not mean women off the streets, but women who
have no moral reputation to maintain--women who do not mind letting confidential servants see
that they have no regard for the conventional standards of life. I mean, witness, that your
late master frequently entertained at Riversbrook, women--I will not call them ladies--who
were not particular at what hour they went home. Sometimes one or more of them stayed all night,
and you were entrusted with the confidential task of smuggling them out of the house without
other servants knowing of their presence. Is not that so?"

"I--I--"

"Answer the question without equivocation, witness."

"Y-es, sir."

There was a slight stir in the body of the court due to the fact that Miss Fewbanks and Mrs.
Holymead had risen and were making their way to the door. The fashionably-dressed women in
the court stared with much interest at the daughter of the murdered man, whom most of them
knew, in order to see how she was taking the disclosures about her dead father's private life.

"And sometimes there were quarrels between your late master and these visitors, were there
not?" continued Holymead.

"Quarrels, sir?"

"Surely you know that under the influence of wine some people become quarrelsome?"

"Yes, sir."

"Well, did your late master's nocturnal visitors ever become quarrelsome?"

"Sometimes, sir."

"In the exercise of your confidential duties did you sometimes see quarrelsome ladies off the
premises?"

"Sometimes, sir."

"And it was no uncommon thing for them to say things to you about your master, eh?"

"Sometimes they didn't care what they said."

"Quite so," commented Counsel drily. "They indulged in threats?"

"Not all of them," replied Hill, who at length saw where the cross-examination was tending.
