He just looked down, except once when he stole a look towards the man whose life depended on his evidence, as he waited to be enquired.   But the spiteful stare of Birchill made him lower his gaze at once.  

Hill started to speak in a very low voice and Mr. Walters asked him to speak louder.  His evidence made a noticeable impact on the court as Sir Henry Hodson listened to him carefully, when Hill narrated the weird events of the night of the murder composedly.  When he had finished he glanced at the dock, to see Birchill seated, his head bowed down and supporting his face with one hand.
Mr. Walters sat down systematically folding up his brief.  As he sat he looked in the direction of Mr. Holymed, and so did every others in the court as the great K.C. adjusted his gown and got ready for the cross-examination of the principal Crown witness.  
He did to the admiration of the spectators who were on the side on the man in the dock.  Hill was questioned on his lapse of loyalty and he reluctantly admitted that the theft was committed to save his starving wife and child, which the Counsel had named avarice, since the master who trusted him treated him with kindness had been robbed.  Though Hill tried to evade and twisted the answers Holymead made him speak out this and standing firmly shook a finger of warning at the witness saying “
He had robbed a master who had trusted him and had treated him with kindness. Having extracted this fact, in spite of Hill's evasions and twistings, Holymead straightened himself to his full height, and, shaking a warning finger at the witness, said: “I know the reason why Sir Horace Fewbanks took you as his butler in his Riversbrook household and it was that you were a man who would be ready to do things that men of principles would never do”
"That is a lie," said Hill. 
"Is it a lie that women who were immoral were frequently entertained by your late master  at Riversbrook?" roared the K.C. 
Hill was shocked at the question.  His conclusion that Mr. Holymead has taken up the case to save Sir Horace’s name from getting spoiled was not right and his master’s veil of secrecy is being ruthlessly torn aside.  Hill hesitantly looked round the court and saw that his reply was awaited.  
He answered when the question was repeated to him, “Women who were immoral?” he staggered and replied that he did not understand.
“You do understand me, Hill.  I mean the women who do not mind letting confidential servants see that they do not regard the conventions of life.  they were women who were not worried about their time of return home.  You used to smuggle them out of thehouse without the knowledge of other servants.  Wasn’t it?
"I--I--" 
"Don’t dodge, answer the question, witness." 
"Y-es, sir." 
There was a slight stir in the court as Miss Fewbanks and Mrs. Hoylmead were leaving the court.  The modern women in the court eyed at the daughter of the murdered man, for what would be her reaction to her dead father’s secret life. 
"And sometimes these visitors and your master had rows.  Did they not?  went on Holymead. 
"Rows, sir?" 
" Certainly, when some people become quarrelsome under the influence of wine." 
"Yes, sir." 
"Well, did your late master's visitors at night ever become quarrelsome?" 
" At times, sir." 
"Did you help these ladies out?" 
" On occasions, sir." 
"And naturally they had told you something about your master?" 
"Sometimes they didn't what they spoke." 
"Naturally," remarked Counsel dryly. "Did they threaten?" 
"Not everyone," replied Hill, who now understood the path of the enquiry.
