One of the picadors horses was gored by a bulls horns and was bleading badly as it was forced to run around the circle. It was a terrible sight to see. 

One day we spent visiting Omatusco which is a hacienda that belongs to Senora T--a. It is located in the plains of Apan. The hacienda is famous for its pulque. The main vegetation in the area is organas, nopal and large fields of maguey. The hacienda is a beautiful large structure that stands in the middle of a field of magueys. There was a beautiful chapel that has not been completed due to her husbands death. It seems to be a lonely existance for any person living in any of the haciendas on the Otumha or Apan plains. 

Today we set out for Tulansingo at full speed, in carriages that held our whole family, maids, children and babysitter. In one of the big pastures or fields two of the carriage drivers started to race which caused one of the horses to fall and overturn its carriage. Monzo suffered injuries to his head and legs and was taken slowly along on the back of a horse since there was no medical help anywhere near us. 

Tulansingo is an important city which has had many revolutionary events. We arrived in this city around 3:00 p.m. There were different streets and shops, a beautiful church and much more. The homes and shops seemed clean and well kept and the families decent, but there were a few run down dwellings and filthy people it was overall a decent place. The house of ----, is in the middle of a courtyard. It is well kept though there is very little furnature it seemed luxurious. The dining room has lovely Chinese paper on the walls and it opens up to a beautiful garden that has gravel paths, tall trees, water fountains, and extrodinary roses and flowers. The whole garden design is based on China and oriental influence. The rose bushes formed arches under which we walked and the clear pool of water which is surrounded on three sides by a Chinese building and goes around a piazza that has stone pillars and has curtans draped from it. There were plush sofas along the piazza which flowed into another large room that is for dressing after bathing. I found this room to be the most amazing, it was called an English garden it's surrounded by roses and trees that shaded you from the midday sun. 

The dinner table was set for forty people and decorated beautifully with flowers picked by the gardener. 

I have experienced many Mexican dishes such as; mole, boiled nopal, fried bananas, green chile and many more. The most common drink is puleque and you will find many old homes still serve tortillas and puleque even though they are considered to be very fashonable. The Indians make a wonderful cream cheese that they serve with virgin honey. I believe there is some goat milk in it but the Indian families will not sell the receipt since they believe it is more profitable to make it themselves.
