There
was a part of the spectacle rather too horrible. The horse of one of the picadors was gored,
his side torn up by the bull's horns, and in this state, streaming with blood, he was forced
to gallop round the circle.

We spent one day in visiting Omatusco, an hacienda belonging to the Senora T---a, situated
in the plains of Apan, and famous for the superior excellence of its pulque. The organas, the
nopal, and great fields of maguey, constitute the chief vegetation for many miles round. The
hacienda itself, a fine large building, stands lonely and bleak in the midst of magueys. A
fine chapel, left unfinished since her husband's death, attracted our attention by its simple
architecture and unpretending elegance. It is nearly impossible to conceive anything more lonely
than a residence here must be; or in fact in any of the haciendas situated on these great plains
of Otumha and Apan.

This morning we set off for Tulansingo, in four carriages-and-six, containing the whole family,
ourselves, maids, and children, padre and nursery governess; relays being placed all along
the road, which we traversed at full gallop. But in crossing some great pasture-fields, the
drivers of two of the carriages began to race; one of the horses fell and threw the postilion;
the carriage itself was overturned, and though none of the inmates was injured, the poor mozo
was terribly wounded in his head and legs. No assistance being near, he changed places with
one of the men on horseback, and was brought on slowly.

About three in the afternoon we arrived at Tulansingo, rather an important city in its way,
and which has been the theatre of many revolutionary events; with various streets and shops,
a handsome church; alcaldes, a prefect, etc. There appear to be some few good houses and decent
families, and clean, small shops, and there are pretty, shady walks in the environs; and though
there are also plenty of miserable dwellings and dirty people, it is altogether rather a civilized
place. The house of -----, which stands within a courtyard, and is the house par excellence,
is very handsome, with little furniture, but with some remnants of luxury. The dining-hall
is a noble room, with beautiful Chinese paper, opening into a garden, which is the boast of
the republic, and is indeed singularly pretty, and kept in beautiful order, with gravel walks
and fine trees, clear tanks and sparkling fountains, and an extraordinary profusion of the
most beautiful flowers, roses especially. There is something extremely oriental in its appearance,
and the fountains are ornamented with China vases and Chinese figures of great value. Walking
along under arches formed by rose-bushes, a small column of water spouted forth from each bush,
sprinkling us all over with its showers. But the prettiest thing in the garden is a great tank
of clear water, enclosed on three sides by a Chinese building, round which runs a piazza with
stone pillars, shaded by a drapery of white curtains. Comfortable well-cushioned sofas are
arranged along the piazza, which opens into a large room, where one may dress after bathing.
It is the prettiest and coolest retreat possible, and entirely surrounded by trees and roses.
Here one may lie at noonday, with the sun and the world completely shut out. They call this
an English garden, than which it rather resembles the summer retreat of a sultan.

When we arrived, we found dinner laid for forty persons, and the table ornamented by the taste
of the gardener, with pyramids of beautiful flowers.

I have now formed acquaintance with many Mexican dishes; mole (meat stewed in red chile), boiled
nopal, fried bananas, green chile, etc. Then we invariably have frijoles (brown beans stewed),
hot tortillas--and this being in the country, pulque is the universal beverage. In Mexico,
tortillas and pulque are considered unfashionable, though both are to be met with occasionally,
in some of the best old houses. They have here a most delicious species of cream cheese made
by the Indians, and ate with virgin honey. I believe there is an intermixture of goats' milk
in it; but the Indian families who make it, and who have been offered large sums for the receipt,
find it more profitable to keep their secret.
