
"That must have been very satisfactory. And what became of the duke?"

"Often did I strive to force my way through the press to the spot where Kalbs-Braten fought.
I will not belie him--he bore himself that day like a man. And yet he had better protection
than either helm or shield; for around him fought his foster-father, Tiefenbach of the Yews,
with his seven bold sons, all striving to shelter their prince's body with their own. No sooner
had I struck down one of them than the old man cried--'Another for Kalbs-Braten!' and a second
giant stepped across the prostrate body of his brother!

"Meanwhile, Conrad of the Thirty Mountains had reached the spot where Slavata with his cavalry
was attempting the passage of the morass. Some of the Hulans were entangled there from the
soft nature of the ground, the horses having sunk in the mire almost up to their saddle-girths.
Others, among whom was their leader, had successfully struggled through.

"Conrad and Slavata met. They were both powerful men, and well-matched. As if by common consent,
the soldiers on either side held back to witness the encounter of their chiefs.

"Slavata spoke first. 'I know thee well,' he said; 'thou art the marauding baron of the Thirty
Mountains, whose head is worth its weight of gold at the castle-gate of Kalbs-Braten. I swore
when we last met that we should not part again so lightly, and now I will keep my oath!'

"'And I know thee, too,' said Conrad; 'thou art the marauding villain Slavata, whose body I
intend to hang upon my topmost turret, to blacken in the sun and feed the ravens and the kites!'

"'Threatened men live long,' replied Slavata with a hollow laugh; 'thy sister's son, the Geissenheimer,
said as much before, but for all that I passed this good sword three times through his bosom!'

"'Villain!' cried Conrad, striking at him, 'this to thy heart!'

"'And this to thine, proud boaster!' cried Slavata, parrying and returning the blow.

"They closed. Conrad seized hold of Slavata by the sword-belt. The other"----

"He's off to Old Mortality now," said I to Cutts. "For heaven's sake stop him, or we shall
have a second edition of the Bothwell and Burley business."

"Come, Mandeville, clear away the battle--there's a good fellow. There can be no doubt that
you skewered that rascally duke in a very satisfactory manner. I shall ring for the broiled
bones, and I beg you will finish your story before they make their appearance. Will you mix
another tumbler now, or wait till afterwards? Very well--please yourself--there's the hot water
for you."

"They led me into the state apartment," said Mandeville, with a kind of sob. "Amalia stood
upon the dais, surrounded by the fairest and the noblest of the land. The amethyst light, which
streamed through the stained windows, gorgeous with armorial bearings, fell around her like
a glory. In one hand she held a ducal cap of maintenance--with the other, she pointed to the
picture of my great ancestor--the very image, as she told me, of myself. I rushed forward with
a cry of joy, and threw myself prostrate at her feet!

"'Nay, not so, my Leopold!' she said. 'Dear one, thou art come at last! Take the reward of
all thy toils, all thy dangers, all thy love! Come, adored Mandeville--accept the prize of
silence and fidelity!' And she added, 'and never upon brows more worthy could a wreath of chivalry
be placed.'

"She placed the coronet upon my head, and then gently raising me, exclaimed--

"'Wallachians! behold your PRINCE!'"

Mr Mandeville did not get beyond that sentence. I could stand him no longer, and burst into
an outrageous roar of laughter, in which Cutts most heartily joined, till the tears ran plenteously
down his cheeks. The Margrave of Wallachia looked quite bewildered. He attempted to rise from
his chair, but the effort was too much for him, and he dropped suddenly on the floor.

"Well," said I, after we had fairly exhausted ourselves, "there's the spoiling in that fellow
of as good a novelist as ever coopered out three volumes. He would be an invaluable acquaintance
for either Marryat or James. 'Tis a thousand pities his talents should be lost to the public."

"There's no nonsense about him," replied Cutts; "he buckles to his work like a man.
