The immense sense of satisfaction must have been wonderful. But what actually did become of the Duke.

Kalbs-Braten fought like non other. Not only was he shielded with his helm and shield, he was surrounded by his adopted foster father Tiefenback of the Yews and his seven bold brothers. They shielded their princes body with their own. As I fought and struck them down, another would take their place and fight on.

As Slavata and his calvary attempted to go through the passage of Morass, Conrad of the Thirty Mountains had also arrived at the same location. Because of the softness of the ground, Hulans were entangled and the horses sunk down up to their saddles. Their leader and a few others made it through.

Then the two chiefs, both powerful and well matched, faced each other. Soldiers on both sides stopped to watch as the two chiefs spoke.

Salvata was first. "I know you, the baron of the Thirty Mountains. Your life is worth your weight in gold. The last time we met I left you go to easily but this time I promise not to."

Then Conrad spoke. "You are Salvata, who I intend to kill and feed to the ravens and the kites."

Salvata laughed. "You threaten me but I continue to live on. Your nephew, Geissenheimer, made the same threats, but I killed him with three stabs of my sword into his chest."

"You are a villain," cried Conrad as he struck at his heart.










"You talk proud" said Salvata as he struck back with equal force.








"You've killed him" I said to Cutts. "Stop now or we will have another episode of Bothwell and Burley."




"Be a good fellow and clean up this battle Mandeville. You have definately killed the duke. Finish the story you will tell before they bring in the broiled bones. Shall we mix a tumbler now or shall we wait till later? Heres the hot water so please do as you desire."


Mandeville continued: "They led me into the state apartment and there was Amalia, at the dais, with the fairest and the noblest at her side. Streaming through the stained windows was the amethyst light, falling around her gloriously, with all of its amorial bearings. As she pointed at a picture of my great ancestor she  told me the story about myself. With a cry of joy I rushed to her and fell across her feet.



"You have come at last Mandevile - collect your reward from your toils, your love, and all the dangers you have been through. No one has earned this wreath of chivalry more than you."



After placing the coronet upon my head she raised me up and pronounced "Wallachians, here is your Prince!"






I had had enough. I bursed out in laughter with Cutts joining in. We laughed so hard we had tears in our eyes. Margrave of Wallachia, looking perplexed, tried to stand but fell to the floor. 

After gaining my composure I spoke. " There is the possililty of a great novelist. Perhaps Maryat or James could  benefit from knowing him.
It would be a great loss if his work never goes public."

"He is a hard worker" said Cutts. "There is no foolishness about him"
