40 Oleander 30 " 40 Verbenas 6 " 8 Vinca 12 " 15 

All tough vegetation, cultivated when the wood is green, may be promulgated in a likely manner. The normal time to take off the wood for such a cutting is in the summer season.

CHAPTER XII. 

GRAFTING.

Grafting is a method that have to be known and performed by both the young and the old. I had a wild apple tree in the corner of my garden which grew from the seed. It bore fruit but the taste was always sour and bland that even pigs refused to have it. Every time I see this tree i get annoyed so i decided to change the nature of this wild apple tree. I started working being a gardner myself i acquired cions of ten or more different apple trees and started to graft my old useless apple tree in the spring. Finally, when i was done without my knowledge i have planted 50 cions on different branches and except three everything bore fruit "after its own kind," Baldwins, Greenings, Gravensteins, Spitzenbergs, etc., Once the grafting was finished successfully the useless apple tree became my favourite tree in the garden. I completely changed to nature of the apple tree. Other trees such as Pear, plum, apple and cherry trees can be grafted successfully by anyone who know the operations grafting. The tools needed for grafting are grafting-knife, a hatchet, a wedge a small hand-Saw and wax to cover the wound.

If you wish the tree to be grafted entirely and if the tree to be grafted is a big tree then all the limbs of the tree have to be remove and not spoiling the symmetry of the tree. You have to cut off the limbs to be grafted about mid-way using the hand-saw, and using the hatchet or the wedge a deep and entirely cross have to be made to plant the cion, once this is done a iron has to be inserted in the cut to hold it open until the cion is placed. Once the cion is placed the iron can be taken out and the cion will be held in place.

If the diameter of the limb that is needed to be grafted is more than 1 inch, then two grafts have to be placed in the same limb, the grafts has to be placed in a way that each cion will stand near the edge of the cut, making the limb and the graft opposing each other. The cions to be grafted should be cut before ascending the tree to be cut. A small basket can be used to carry the wax and the grafts. Once grafted, the wound have to be closed using wax so that air or wate wont be able to seep throught tiny holes. In wedge-grafting each cion is cut in the shape of the wedge, and the whole cion need not be three to four inches in length. To make the wax used for grafting you would need six pounds of resin, one and a half pound of rough beef tallow and one-and-a-half pound of bees wax. Put all contents into a pot and heat it for one half hour keeping it stirred all the time, when this is done the contents then have to be poured to cool water till it become stiff. When it becomes stiff the wax have to be gathered into balls. When wanted the balls have to laid in warm water and the wax will become a softer paste, work the wax with the hands thoroughly before using. Wedge grafting is not the only method of grafting, there are more than ten different ways of graftin a tree. The only differnece is the way the cion is been cut and in fitting it to the stock. Anyone with a little practice can do grafting succesfully.

CHAPTER XIII.

HANGING BASKETS.--WARDIAN CASES AND JARDINIERES.   
 
Hanging baskets used for plants are made using differnet materials and forms. Some baskets are made using wire, clay and some are ornamanted with fancy mouldings. Some baskets are made pretty by covering a wooden bowl with knots and roots. but we know of none so desirable as the old style semi-globular wire basket, when properly filled. 

DIRECTIONS FOR FILLING HANGING BASKETS. 

To fill a wire basket, the green moss that is found in the lower parts of the tree trunks should be used as a lining covering the inside of the wire using the moss. Before filling the basket with moss charcoal or gravel should be used in the bottom thus helping it to hold the moisture.
