40
  Oleander                                   30 " 40
  Verbenas                                    6 "  8
  Vinca                                      12 " 15

All hardy shrubs, taken when the wood is green and young, may be propagated in like manner.
The summer is the time to take off the wood for such cuttings.

CHAPTER XII.

GRAFTING.

Grafting is a simple art, that both old and young should become acquainted with and be able
to perform. In my garden there had stood, for a number of years, away in a corner by itself,
a wild apple tree, which had sprung up from the seed; it always bore fruit, but of a worthless
character, so sour and insipid that even the swine refused to devour it when it was thrown
to them. I became tired of seeing this tree, and resolved to change its nature. I went to work,
being a nurseryman, and procured cions of ten or a dozen different sorts of apple trees, and
took the first favorable opportunity in the spring to graft my old and useless apple tree.
When I had finished grafting, I found that I had inserted here and there on the different branches,
fifty cions, all of which, with the exception of three, lived, grew, bore fruit, each "after
its own kind," Baldwins, Greenings, Gravensteins, Spitzenbergs, etc., and it is now the most
desirable tree in the garden; I completely transformed the nature of the tree. Any one who
understands grafting can do the same thing. Apple, Pear, Plum, and Cherry trees can be successfully
top-grafted in the manner spoken of above, and the month of April is the best time to perform
the operation. The outfit necessary to perform the operation of grafting is a small hand-saw,
a hatchet, a wedge, grafting-knife, and wax to cover the wound.

If the tree be a large one, and you wish to change the sort entirely, begin by sawing off all
those limbs that, being removed, will leave enough to graft upon, and not spoil the symmetry
of the tree. With the hand-saw saw off the limbs to be grafted about midway, then with the
hatchet or wedge, cleave an opening in the remaining end of the limb, and entirely across,
and deep enough to receive the cion; insert an iron in the cut to hold it open until the cion
is placed, then withdraw the iron, and the graft will be held fast.

The cions to be inserted should be cut before ascending the tree to graft, and, together with
the wax, can be carried in a small basket for the purpose. If the diameter of the limb to be
grafted is more than an inch, it is best to insert two grafts, placed so that each cion will
stand near the edge of the cut, in juxtaposition with the bark of the limb. Immediately after
setting the graft, plaster the cut over with a heavy coat of wax, being careful to leave no
crack or crevice open through which it would be possible for air or water to enter. Each cion,
in wedge-grafting, is cut in the shape of a wedge; the whole cion need not be over three to
four inches in length. The following is a good receipe for making grafting-wax: One and a half
pound of bees-wax, six pounds of resin, and one and a half pound rough beef tallow; put all
into a pot, and boil one half hour, keeping it stirred; pour it out into a tub of cold water,
and when it is sufficiently stiff it should be gathered into balls. When wanted for use the
balls should be laid in warm water, which will readily soften the wax; work the wax with the
hands thoroughly before using. Wedge-grafting is by no means the only way to graft, although
it is about the only method of grafting large trees. There are from ten to twenty other modes
of grafting, the difference being in the manner of cutting the cion, and in fitting it to the
stock. To go into detail in regard to them would occupy too much space in these limited pages.
Any one, with a little practice, can learn to cut a cion, and to graft with success.

CHAPTER XIII.

HANGING BASKETS.--WARDIAN CASES AND JARDINIERES.

Hanging Baskets for plants are made of different materials, and in a great variety of forms.
Some are made of wire, others of clay, and ornamented with fancy mouldings, etc. Very pretty
baskets in rustic style are made by covering the outside of a wooden bowl with fantastic knots
and roots; this makes a pleasing basket, but we know of none so desirable as the old style
semi-globular wire basket, when properly filled.

DIRECTIONS FOR FILLING HANGING BASKETS.

To fill a wire basket, first obtain some of the green moss to be found on the lower portion
of the trunks of trees in almost any shady piece of woods. This is to be used as a lining to
the basket, turning the green side out, and entirely covering the inside of the wire form with
the moss. Before filling the basket with soil, place a handful of charcoal or gravel in the
bottom, which will hold the moisture.
