It's likely this ability almost always bears the double meaning when it is possessed by an animal that also possesses a backbone.  This is seen in the green tree frog, whose coloring allows it to hide from snakes and is therefore protective.  This coloring also allows flies and other potential prey to approach it without suspicion, so it is therefore also aggressive.

There are two types of resemblances, general resemblance to surrounding objects and special resemblance to specific objects.  Desert animals being sandy colored, arctic animals being white, the tiger and zebra being striped, the leopard and giraffe being spotted: all these animals have a mysterious effect through which they are not visible when in their natural surroundings.  Additionally, it is not necessary that the coloring be dull or patternless in order for the animal to attain invisibility.  Everything depends on the natural habitat.  Even a modest amount of observation results in many examples of this protective camouflage.

At their most perfect, the coloring of an animal is not static but changeable.  In the book "The Colours of Animals," Dr. Poulton describes these changeable colorings as ones that can be adjusted in accordance with changes in the environment or with differences between different individual animals' environments.  An example of the former is the way northern animals' colors change with the seasons, and an example of the latter is the changing shades of the chameleon.

In addition to general resemblance, which refers to the animal reproducing the general effects of the colors in its surroundings, there is also special resemblance, which refers to instances where the animal copies not only the color of another object but also its shape and outline.  Many instances are found in this text, and there are pictures of a leaf insect and a moss insect.  The most famous example is the Kallima paralekta, an East Indian butterfly described by Mr. Wallace which sports speckled, leaf-like wings for its life among dead or dry leaves covered in small fungi growths.  Similarly, "stick insects" appear as twigs in their environment of trees.  One need not even leave our country to find examples of such occurrences, because among native insects are many examples of stunning resemblances to inanimate objects or vegetables.  An interesting example is the geometer caterpillar, which is very common and observable in a London garden.  These insects support themselves using their rearmost legs, forming an angle with the branch they are standing on, appearing to observers as twigs.  The caterpillar keeps its cylindrical body stiff and unmoving, so that the separations between the body's segments are barely visible, and its color appears much like that of tree bark.  Kirby and Spence relate a story of a gardener who mistook one such caterpillar for a twig, and jumped back in alarm when, on trying to break it off the tree, found it was alive.

Sometimes other objects aid animals in their concealment of themselves.  It is common for lepidopterous larvae to live in cases made of pieces of the things they eat for food; and sea urchins are known to cover themselves with pebbles and shells such that they look like nothing more than a small pile of stones.  Perhaps, though, the most intriguing example of this is the crab described by Mr. Bateson as being able to take a piece of weed in its chelae, and tear it like paper.  The crab then puts one end of the weed in his mouth, chews it up to soften it, takes it out, and rubs it on its head or legs to attach it to his hairs.  If the weed does not attach to the hairs, the crab repeats the act, putting it back into his mouth and chewing it again.  The whole process is very human-like and goal-directed.

There exists an additional category of colors in which conspicuousness rather than concealment is the goal.  These colors are sported by animals who naturally possess weapons, such as a stinger, or who possess a bad odor or taste, and their enemies learn to associate the distinctive coloring with the animals' negative qualities and therefore learn to avoid the animals by their markings.  Belt explained the conspicuous black and white striping of the skunk in this manner; and now it is thought that surprising colors and conspicuous attitudes are meant to help educate the animals' enemies by allowing them to learn and remember which animals to avoid.
