It is probable that this power, when possessed
by a vertebrate animal, nearly always bears the double meaning, as in the green tree frog,
where the colouration is protective so far as it provides concealment from snakes, which are
particularly fond of these frogs, and aggressive in that it allows flies and other insects
to approach without suspicion.

There may be either General Resemblance to surrounding objects or Special Resemblance to definite
objects. The plain sandy colour of desert animals, the snow white of the inhabitants of the
arctic regions, the inconspicuous hues of nocturnal animals, the stripes of the tiger and the
zebra, the spots of the leopard and the giraffe have all a cryptic effect which at a very short
distance renders the creatures invisible amid their natural surroundings. Nor is it necessary
in order to attain this invisibility that the colouring should be really dull and plain. It
all depends upon the habitat. A little observation will supply large numbers of instances of
such protective colouration.

In protective resemblances at their highest state of perfection the colouring is not constant
but, as Professor Poulton puts it in his delightful book on "The Colours of Animals", "can
be adjusted to harmonise with changes in the environment or to correspond with the differences
between the environment of different individuals." The seasonal change of colour in northern
animals is a well-known instance of the former, and the chameleon's alterations of hue of the
latter.

Besides General Resemblance, in which the general effects of surrounding colours are reproduced,
we have Special Resemblance, in which the appearance of a particular object is copied in shape
and outline as well as in colour. Numerous instances will be found in this book, and a "Leaf
Insect" and a "Moss Insect" are illustrated. But the classic example is the butterfly from
the East Indies so graphically described by Mr. Wallace, Kallima paralekta, which always rests
among dead or dry leaves and has itself leaf-like wings spotted over with specks to imitate
the tiny fungi growths on the foliage it resembles. The wonderful "stick insects" in like manner
mimic the twigs of the trees among which they lurk. Nor need we go abroad in search of examples,
for among our own insects are countless instances of marvellous resemblances to the inanimate
or vegetable objects upon which they rest. One of the most interesting is that of the geometer
caterpillars, which are very plentiful, and any one can observe them for himself even in a
London garden. They support themselves for hours by means of their posterior legs, forming
an angle of various degrees with the branch on which they are standing and looking for all
the world like one of its twigs. The long cylindrical body is kept stiff and immovable, with
the separations of the segments scarcely visible, and its colour is obscure and similar to
that of the bark of the tree. Kirby and Spence tell of a gardener mistaking one of these caterpillars
for a dead twig, and starting back in great alarm when, on attempting to break it off, he found
it was a living animal.

Sometimes concealment is secured by the aid of adventitious objects. Many lepidopterous larvae
live in cases made of the fragments of the substances upon which they feed; and certain sea-urchins
cover themselves so completely with pebbles, shells, and so forth, that one can see nothing
but a heap of little stones. Perhaps, however, the most interesting instance is the crab described
by Mr. Bateson, which "takes a piece of weed in his two chelae and, neither snatching nor biting
it, deliberately tears it across, as a man tears paper with his hands. He then puts one end
of it into his mouth, and after chewing it up, presumably to soften it, takes it out in the
chelae and rubs it firmly on his head or legs until it is caught by the peculiar curved hairs
which cover them. If the piece of weed is not caught by the hairs, the crab puts it back in
his mouth and chews it up again. The whole proceeding is most human and purposeful."

There is another class of colours in which not concealment but conspicuousness is the object
aimed at. Such colours are borne by animals provided with formidable weapons of defence (the
sting of the wasp, for example), or possessed of an unpleasant taste or offensive odour, and
their foes come by experience to associate this form of colouring with disagreeable qualities
and avoid the animals so marked. Belt was the first to account, in this way, for the conspicuous
colouration of the skunk; and it is now believed that startling colours and conspicuous attitudes
are intended to assist the education of enemies by enabling them to learn and remember the
animals which are to be avoided.
