The meaning of beauty

Based on an in depth analysis of the concept we were able to give a meaning to the word beauty. It is a positive value, essential and objectified concept or more simply, happiness regarded as the value of something. 

The definition is quite complex and was derived from many differences/ discoveries. It is a value because it is not based on fact or matter but based on our emotional and appreciative character. A beautiful object will give pleasure to someone and that can not possibly lead men to be unconcerned.   
It is also a positive value because beauty it is the presence of something good. If something was ugly that good value would not be there. Beauty is a gain but can be a positive evil. However if evil it is a moral and practical evil. It can not be an aesthetic evil because this would mean the absence of good. The absence of beauty would then be ugly which would signify bad. Therefore being without aesthetic goods is a moral evil. For example if a mother had a bulldog for a baby, she would feel quite disappointed and shocked but this would not be aesthetic.

Beauty is intrinsic as it is a pleasure as it satisfies a need in our minds. It is a final good and only can satisfy something that is living. The fact that it is intrinsic and a positive value separate aesthetics from ethics. Ethics only regards good and evil morally whereas aesthetics has to do with pleasure. 

Moreover, intelligence and beauty are not related and feelings are distinguished from perception. These elements are objectified so made into tangible elements and not merely elements of the mind. The more interconnected the pleasure is the more objective it will seem. There is a path between perception and sensation and the connectivity is not a strict line. For example one may say it pleases me or one may say it is beautiful depending on the degree of objectivity and the personality. In the end by interconnecting two pleasures one beauty is made.   

Beauty if the objectification of pleasure. These pleasures all work together. For example perfume in a cup would not be beautiful, but if the smell was coming from a garden flower, the two sensations together is what makes It beautiful. So sight, hearing, smell and touch are all senses which can be combined to define something as beautiful.
