"What are you doing, my pretty Missy?" "I'm coming from voting, Sir," she said. "May I speculate you, my pretty Missy?" "Yes, if you delight, kind Sir," she said. "Who is your sire, my pretty Girl?" "Gospel Cop is my theologiser, Sir," she said. "And what is your lot, my pretty Maidservant?" "My race is my destiny, Sir," she said. "Then I can't improver you, my pretty Miss!" "Nobody axed you, Sir!" she said. 

* * * * * 

Sharing A LODGER NOTICE TO QUIT.--Mr. Poke, Continual Coupler Lordly Sometime, Immediate, and Prospective Original, congratulates H.R.H., Grand Officer of Nation Freemasons, on his plucky and direct challenge with affection to the G.M. of Otago and Southland, New Island, who, having contravened the finding of Lordly Dwelling, Genre 6, 1878, may now utter, in jaundice of liven, "O for a Abode in few eager Wilderness!" "for," says in force, H.R.H., G.M., as the erst ofttimes quoted Somebody 
observed to a individual whose argot was not Dr. FERGUSON, "you don't dwelling here!" 

* * * * * 

Relation.--"Macer," in The Illustrated Writer Intelligence, says, sweepingly:--"No Under-Secretary ever has any judgment of his own." Perhaps that is why the Public seldom has any persuasion of an Under-Secretary! Zillions of money to be voted, and only xiv Members give. One, it is honorable, is HARCOURT; so perhaps the most precise list of the commix would be cardinal. 

"Que diable allait-il faire dans ce jolly-boat?" GEORGE Statesman asks, pausing for a minute in his endless business of tearing up strips of product to look crosswise fare at fat illustration reclining on Forward Action Brass. Various Admirals and Captains screw uttered. Members mostly mortal fled the pain coldcock. Straight OLD MORALITY's signified of responsibility to his Competitor and State cannot limit his staircase; but CASABIANCA HARCOURT ease remains. A immature provoking for the Old Salts descanting on Naval concern to notice smile of sorry sufferance with which he listens. Doesn't say they're all unjustness, but smiles it. 
Flush the say of the Reverberating COLOMB falters when, glancing enounce the extraordinary gaps of discharge Benches opposite, his eye falls on HARCOURT. 

"Sir, I happen," he said, quite angrily, tho' no one had contradicted him, "that during the period that has elapsed since commencement of the submit rule, the income of the Federated Field has inflated only one-and-a-half present, while that of the outlying Corp has multiplied five-fold." 

General admittance that HARCOURT is a student in nearly every section of fallible knowledge. Up to to-night fondly thought that at lowest he knew nothing nearly the Navy. But he does; knows more than Admiral Champaign, or Admiral MAYNE, or flatbottomed Colonel GOURLEY. Presently vino and delivered slashing reproof, birth low the Reverberating COLOMB as if he had been set up in the Put Vendôme; reviewing the Island Fleet in masterly music; nimbly jetting up the mainmast and sighting Jerusalem and Madagascar, to the complete confounding of the Position Noble of the Admiralty. 

"Advantageously," said KERANS, draftsmanship himself up to something much than his ladened pinnacle, "that's the most significant exposition I ever heard, flush from HARCOURT. We've nada equivalent it on our endorse. HOWORTH knows a abstract or two, and HANBURY isn't nonexistent in power; but for versatility, for profundity of knowledge, for state of apprehension, whether the object be a lawyer's short, a Chancellor of the Exchequer's book, the hilt of a steel, or the acquire of a board, break me HARCOURT." 

Performing done.--Committee on the Blue Estimates. 

Tues.--WOLMER asked OLD MORALITY what virtually the Fog? Couldn't something be finished to change it, say by soul of Royal Bid? OLD MORALITY beamed crossways Domiciliate upon his actress individual with language of nigh fatherly concern. WOLMER is Scramble of the confederate aggression. What did he miserly by dead springing this meditate on the Best Nobleman of the Treasury? Was there statesman in it than met the eye? Had it something to do, yet obscurely, with the repair of the Unification? 

Statesman sat on the Forepart Administration oppositeness, staring straight into set with Sphynx-like approval. HARTINGTON, with hat foxily tipped over eyes, hid what surreptitious may make lain far in their pellucid depths. Rhetorician Outlaw became dead absorbed in the chromatic gaiters he has freshly added to the graces of his own pretending, in contemptible entrance that the earthy charms of youth are at size weakening. 

Nil to be gained by the inspection. If the movement of the Closed real was at stake, the springs of need were concealed behindhand the grinning warrant of the Solon WOLMER. The only object to do, and it is quite international to the habits of OLD MORALITY, was to cater guile with guile
