
  "What are you doing, my pretty Maid?"
  "I'm coming from voting, Sir," she said.
  "May I question you, my pretty Maid?"
  "Yes, if you please, kind Sir," she said.
  "Who is your father, my pretty Maid?"
  "JOHN BULL is my father, Sir," she said.
  "And what is your fortune, my pretty Maid?"
  "My race is my fortune, Sir," she said.
  "Then I can't annex you, my pretty Maid!"
  "Nobody axed you, Sir!" she said.

       *       *       *       *       *

GIVING A LODGER NOTICE TO QUIT.--Mr. Punch, Perpetual Universal Grand Past, Present, and Future
Master, congratulates H.R.H., Grand Master of English Freemasons, on his plucky and straightforward
action with regard to the G.M. of Otago and Southland, New Zealand, who, having contravened
the resolution of Grand Lodge, March 6, 1878, may now exclaim, in bitterness of spirit, "O
for a Lodge in some great Wilderness!" "for," says in effect, H.R.H., G.M., as the once frequently
quoted Somebody observed to a person whose name was not Dr. FERGUSON, "you don't lodge here!"

       *       *       *       *       *

RECIPROCITY.--"MACE," in The Illustrated London News, says, sweepingly:--"No Under-Secretary
ever has any opinion of his own." Perhaps that is why the Public seldom has any opinion of
an Under-Secretary! Millions of money to be voted, and only fourteen Members present. One,
it is true, is HARCOURT; so perhaps the most accurate enumeration of the aggregate would be
fifteen.

"Que diable allait-il faire dans ce jolly-boat?" GEORGE HAMILTON asks, pausing for a moment
in his incessant occupation of tearing up strips of paper to glance across table at portly
figure reclining on Front Opposition Bench. Several Admirals and Captains have spoken. Members
generally have fled the burning deck. Even OLD MORALITY's sense of duty to his Queen and Country
cannot restrain his flight; but CASABIANCA HARCOURT still remains. A little provoking for the
Old Salts descanting on Naval affairs to observe smile of pitying toleration with which he
listens. Doesn't say they're all wrong, but smiles it. Even the voice of the Reverberating
COLOMB falters when, glancing round the great gaps of empty Benches opposite, his eye falls
on HARCOURT.

"Sir, I repeat," he said, quite angrily, though no one had contradicted him, "that during the
period that has elapsed since commencement of the present reign, the revenue of the United
Kingdom has increased only one-and-a-half times, while that of the outlying Empire has multiplied
five-fold."

General admission that HARCOURT is a master in nearly every department of human knowledge.
Up to to-night fondly thought that at least he knew nothing about the Navy. But he does; knows
more than Admiral FIELD, or Admiral MAYNE, or even Colonel GOURLEY. Presently rose and delivered
slashing speech, laying low the Reverberating COLOMB as if he had been set up in the Place
Vendôme; reviewing the British Fleet in masterly style; nimbly running up the mainmast and
sighting Jerusalem and Madagascar, to the absolute confounding of the First Lord of the Admiralty.

"Well," said KERANS, drawing himself up to something more than his full height, "that's the
most remarkable exhibition I ever heard, even from HARCOURT. We've nothing like it on our side.
HOWORTH knows a thing or two, and HANBURY isn't lacking in accomplishment; but for versatility,
for profundity of knowledge, for readiness of grasp, whether the object be a lawyer's brief,
a Chancellor of the Exchequer's ledger, the hilt of a sword, or the tiller of a ship, give
me HARCOURT."

Business done.--Committee on the Navy Estimates.

Tuesday.--WOLMER asked OLD MORALITY what about the Fog? Couldn't something be done to lighten
it, say by appointment of Royal Commission? OLD MORALITY beamed across House upon his young
friend with expression of almost paternal solicitude. WOLMER is Whip of the allied force. What
did he mean by suddenly springing this question on the First Lord of the Treasury? Was there
more in it than met the eye? Had it something to do, however obscurely, with the maintenance
of the Union?

CHAMBERLAIN sat on the Front Bench opposite, staring straight into space with Sphynx-like countenance.
HARTINGTON, with hat cunningly tipped over eyes, hid what secret may have lain far in their
pellucid depths. HENRY JAMES became suddenly absorbed in the brown gaiters he has recently
added to the graces of his personal appearance, in pathetic admission that the natural charms
of youth are at length fading.

Nothing to be gained by the inspection. If the cause of the Union really was at stake, the
springs of motive were hidden behind the smiling countenance of the Machiavellian WOLMER. The
only thing to do, and it is quite foreign to the habits of OLD MORALITY, was to meet guile
with guile.
