Our Casa
Rosa is one of the few old palazzi left, for many of them have been turned into granaries.

We should never have found this romantic dwelling by ourselves; the Little Genius brought us
here.  The Little Genius is Miss Ecks, who draws, and paints, and carves, and models in clay,
preaching and practising the brotherhood of man and the sisterhood of woman in the intervals;
Miss Ecks, who is the custodian of all the talents and most of the virtues, and the invincible
foe of sordid common sense and financial prosperity.  Miss Ecks met us by chance in the Piazza
and breathlessly explained that she was searching for paying guests to be domiciled under the
roof of Numero Sessanta, Giudecca. She thought we should enjoy living there, or at least she
did very much, and she had tried it for two years; but our enjoyment was not the special point
in question.  The real reason and desire for our immediate removal was that the padrona might
pay off a vexatious and encumbering mortgage which gave great anxiety to everybody concerned,
besides interfering seriously with her own creative work.

"You must come this very day," exclaimed Miss Ecks.  "The Madonna knows that we do not desire
boarders, but you are amiable and considerate, as well as financially sound and kind, and will
do admirably.  Padrona Angela is very unhappy, and I cannot model satisfactorily until the
house is on a good paying basis and she is putting money in the bank toward the payment of
the mortgage.  You can order your own meals, entertain as you like, and live precisely as if
you were in your own home."

The Little Genius is small, but powerful, with a style of oratory somewhat illogical, but always
convincing at the moment.  There were a good many trifling objections to our leaving Miss Van
Tyck and the hotel, but we scarcely remembered them until we and our luggage were skimming
across the space of water that divides Venice from our own island.

We explored the cool, wide, fragrant spaces of the old casa, with its outer walls of faded,
broken stucco, all harmonized to a pinkish yellow by the suns and winds of the bygone centuries.
We admired its lofty ceilings, its lovely carvings and frescoes, its decrepit but beautiful
furniture, and then we mounted to the top, where the Little Genius has a sort of eagle's eyrie,
a floor to herself under the eaves, from the windows of which she sees the sunlight glimmering
on the blue water by day, and the lights of her adored Venice glittering by night.  The walls
are hung with fragments of marble and wax and stucco and clay; here a beautiful foot, or hand,
or dimple-cleft chin; there an exquisitely ornate facade, a miniature campanile, or a model
of some ancient palazzo or chiesa.

The little bedroom off at one side is draped in coarse white cotton, and is simple enough for
a nun.  Not a suggestion there of the fripperies of a fine lady's toilet, but, in their stead,
heads of cherubs, wings of angels, slender bell-towers, friezes of acanthus leaves,--beauty
of line and form everywhere, and not a hint of colour save in the riotous bunches of poppies
and oleanders that lie on the broad window-seats or stand upright in great blue jars.

Here the Little Genius lives, like the hermit crab that she calls herself; here she dwells
apart from kith and kin, her mind and heart and miracle-working hands taken captive by the
charms of the siren city of the world.

When we had explored Casa Rosa from turret to foundation stone we went into the garden at the
rear of the house--a garden of flowers and grape-vines, of vegetables and fruit-trees, of birds
and bee- hives, a full acre of sweet summer sounds and odours, stretching to the lagoon, which
sparkled and shimmered under the blue Italian skies.  The garden completed our subjugation,
and here we stay until we are removed by force, or until the padrona's mortgage is paid unto
the last penny, when I feel that the Little Genius will hang a banner on the outer ramparts,
a banner bearing the relentless inscription:  "No paying guests allowed on these premises until
further notice."

Our domestics are unique and interesting.  Rosalia, the cook, is a graceful person with brown
eyes, wavy hair, and long lashes, and when she is coaxing her charcoal fire with a primitive
fan of cock's feathers, her cheeks as pink as oleanders, the Little Genius leads us to the
kitchen door and bids us gaze at her beauty.  We are suitably enthralled at the moment, but
we suffer an inevitable reaction when the meal is served, and sometimes long for a plain cook.

Peppina is the second maid, and as arrant a coquette as lives in all Italy.  Her picture has
been painted on more than one fisherman's sail, for it is rumoured that she has been six times
betrothed and she is still under twenty.
