Many of the palazzi have been turned into granaries,Casa Rosa is one of the few old palazzi left.

  Miss Ecks is a blessed artist in drawing, painting, clay modelling etc. preaching and practising the brotherhood.  She possess the talents and  virtues having common sense and financial prosperity. This Little Genius brought us here in the romantic dwelling of palazzi, who met us by chance in Piazaza who invited us to be paying guests at Numero Sessanta, Giudecca. She earnestly believed that we will enjoy the stay. Actually we did it for two years. Real reason for shifting from there was that  we were afraid to interfere seriously with her own creative work and  worried Padrona might pay off a vexatious and encumbering mortgage.

Miss Ecks insisted that we must go the same day, since we seemed to be amicable and considerate and were financially sound and may pay admirably. She said that Padrona Angela was unhappy, that she cannot model satisfactorily until the house is on a good paying basis and she is pay off the  bank's  mortgage. We were tempted by her words that we can order  own meals, entertain  and live  as our own home.

She gained by convincing us by illogical powerful oratory style. Objections from Miss Van Tyck and the hotel were not considered and  along with our luggage skimmed across water body dividing Venice  from our land.

The cool, wide, fragrant spaces of the old casa, with its outer walls of faded, broken stucco, all harmonized to faded by the suns and winds of the bygone centuries. Lofty ceilings, lovely carvings and frescoes,  beautiful furniture were admired. Little Genius has a floor to herself under the eaves, from the windows  she can see the sunlight shining on the blue water and glittering lights of Venice could be seen. The walls are hung suitably with various carvings and models

The  white cotton draped in  little bedroom at one side.  Beauty of line and form was seen everywhere. Not a hint of colour save in the beautiful exhibit.

She calls herself as hermit crab and her hand were  miracle-working.

Casa Rosa possessed charming  gardens of  stretching to the lagoon, which sparkled and glittered under the blue skies.  We wanted to stay until we are removed by force, or until the padrona's mortgage is paid. Then Little Genius may hang a banner with inscription: "No paying guests allowed on these premises until further notice."

Rosalia, the cook is a graceful unique person, very beautiful.But cooking is poor and long for a plain cook.

Peppina  the second maid's, picture has been painted on more than one fisherman's sail. Gossip is that she has been six times betrothed and is still under twenty.
