We often submit to present pain during the exchanging the opinions and ideas to do so by those wisdom and goodness we trust. we extend this principle to all the sufferings of this life as Christians. By doing so we feel that the quiet submission is running out of the permanent confidence in god which supports under all the trials to which something have been indicated or treated by an all-wise Father. This principle is wonderfully fruitful in consolations to the actions or expressions of one who has suffered a bereavement  it is the joy of all Christian hearts. "The Lord reigneth, let the earth rejoice." What shall we say of the hopes and prospects of bereaved souls? Is it blind judgment that there is an existence beyond the shadows? Is there no life to come? No great resurrection? No comforter to arrest the current of mourning and lamentation?
 
When reminded of our loss think  how natural it is to claim, shall we not meet them again? Is this parting to last forever? Is there a God? Has he not answered this agonizing inquiry?  Yes! To the ear of faith there is a voice. It is the voice of our God. We listen. The words come ringing in our hearts, "For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so them also which sleep in Jesus will God bring with him. When we sit down upon the brink of those waters which have swallowed up our living treasures and weep and call upon the waves of eternity to give back our dear ones, when, from the shores of time, we look and gaze and listen, does no voice reach " Our grief is allayed. We believe and are comforted. We look forward to a happy meeting. Eternity hovers is like a bright star before the re union offers and it also lights up our path way and it leads us by forwarding I a living hope. 

There is no wear in the bible as human sorrow clothed cold in difference. The exchanging of ideas of that book and its promises so adapted. to the sorrowing that those who have passed through the furnace of affliction know best their value.
It is said that there is no such relief found away from the faith of God and the Bible.

There is a day with in hour, when we ourselves must die? Shall we fight with the will of god till then? Can we fight with death when it comes? " Death never fails to bring along with it a keen sense of guilt to the guilty unless they are cut off in a moment, and then who knows the anguish that may be experienced just beyond? Let us obay the god and the truth and through the spirit and do good and be happy. Let none of us live at a distance from our God. Let none of us approach death without the necessary preparation for mutual association with him. Let none of us bear the burden of a guilty conscience in that hour. May none of us be so cruel as to leave the hearts that love us in doubt respecting our condition in death. "The sting of death is sin." What is there to soothe the sorrow of the dying sinner?--of that wicked soul who never obeyed his God nor did anything to make the world better for his existence? May we never tread its dark waters without the light of the glorious promises and facts of the religion of Jesus the Christ. 

We don’t have thoughts of our own but we will be having result of perceiving. We do not have the thougt of colour 
without the eye nor sound with out the hear the thoughts of persons or things are beyond  the reach of  reach of our powers of observation, i.e., beyond the reach of the five senses--seeing, hearing, feeling, tasting and smelling--then those thoughts can not be ours; we could not be the first to think them; they were too high for us; they were out of our reach. Who, then, could and did reach them and give them to us? This ought to be the question of questions with us.

A man can describe England only if he visits the country or unless instructed  some one who as seen the England and not till then by which he could I am now ready for the statement of this proposition, viz: The following trio of thoughts are beyond our reach. They are not our thoughts; we did not think them, but we have them; then, some being who could see higher and look farther than we must have given them to us. give the thoughts of England.
