His Italian friends accompanied her to the boat and asked him goodbye, Ernesto was with them. He wrote to Harry on the day he sailed. The boat seemed quite comfortable and was well loaded, and his cellar was the marble statue of a great man - great value and weight. 

A few weeks after left Violet, Harry appeared in Florence. He had failed his letter. 

"I came to bring you home," he said. "Successfully finished my contract and gave me this little vacation." 

Harry was dismayed to find that Violet was gone. 

"But again directly, and on time, perhaps, to welcome her as she gets home." 

Monica asked, - 

"But do not keep long. See how much you made in Italy! You will have to return again." 

"Monsieur" had not been for his statue, and was sent for the next day, more than satisfied with it. 

Harry was surprised. 

"Five hundred dollars! It would take long enough to make it! Ah, Ernest, his hammer is better than mine! " 

Harry was surprised not only by the money earned. When he saw the white marble figure, which was poor in the room where stood the greatness and wealth and life and grace, he asks further. 

"I see now," he said. "You spent your life in this. No wonder we were starving when his spirit was put into this mold!" 

Harry was in a hurry to return. Ernest small issues resolved quickly. Harry was surprised to find Italian life was so similar to home life on one thing: he had been treated so kindly, as would have been at home - like Mrs. Schroeder, and even Aunt Martha would have treated a stranger poor Italians who had sought an accommodation in his house because he had Harry welcomed with the same warmth and feeling with which they had attended over Ernest. This was something that Harry knew translate. 

"When we were children," said Ernest, as he prepared to return, "and he used to talk about Europe, that little thought I should travel in it so carelessly as I did when I got here. I crossed a lot like a pair of compasses on the map: my only point of rest were home I went and I was going to get. " 

Much the same way through it again. Harry talked about the external things seen, but all that proved not just a superficial observation. His thoughts were with Violeta. 

"'The Nereid! you are unsure of the Nereid is a glass of sound? often wonder. 

"What I know of the Nereid? Ernesto finally replied, impatiently. 

"I think you do not care a rush for Violet!" Harry cried. "You can have dreams instead! His psyche, his angels with wings and all visions, it is enough. As for me, - I say, Ernesto, she is my flesh and blood, my flesh and drink. To think of it only in the ocean makes me mad, inexorable sea I pursued night and Day "He looked back at Ernesto, and saw him pale and ashen. 

"God forgive me!" said. "I know that I love, too! But it's our old dispute, we can not understand each other, but not any of us can live without the other. However, I'm happy to fight even in the old way. That is nice, after all, right? " 

House had a long, stormy voyage, and a delay at the intersection of France had made them lose steam hoped for. At each delay, Ernesto became quieter, sadder, the darker side, his face thinner and more tapered. Harry was wild in his impatience, and angry, but more and more thoughtful and careful Ernest. 

Finally they reached the port. A friend met them, who had been warned of his arrival by telegraph from Halifax. He brought bad news to tell you they prefer to hear from him. 

The Nereids are lost - lost just outside the Bay, - the ship, crew, all passengers, - in a terrifying storm a week ago, the very storm that had delayed its passage itself. 

"Let's go home," said Harry. "Where is he?" asked Ernesto. "Why have not lost in the same storm?" Harry cried. "How can we pass over in silence along the same place?" 

The brothers went home in the old room. Please hands had been caring for him - had tried to put all things in their customary order. Even the canary room had returned from Aunt Martha.
