
Her Italian friends accompanied her to the vessel and bade her good-bye, Ernest was with them.
She wrote to Harry the day she sailed. The vessel looked comfortable enough; it was well-laden,
and in its hold was the marble statue of a great man,--great in worth as well as in weight.

A few weeks after Violet left, Harry appeared in Florence. He had just missed her letter.

"I came to bring you both home," he said. "I finished my contract successfully, and gave myself
this little vacation."

Harry was dismayed to find that Violet was gone.

"But we will return directly, and arrive in time, perhaps, to greet her as she gets home."

Monica urged,--

"But you must not keep him long. See how much he has done in Italy! You will see he must come
back again."

"Monsieur" had been for his statue, and was to send for it the next day, more than satisfied
with it.

Harry was astonished.

"Five hundred dollars! It would take me long enough to work that out! Ah, Ernest, your hammering
is worth more than mine!"

Harry's surprise was not merely for the money earned. When he saw the white marble figure,
which brought into the poor room where it stood grandeur and riches and life and grace, he
wondered still more.

"I see now," he said. "You spent your life on this. No wonder you were starving when your spirit
was putting itself into this mould!"

Harry was in a hurry to return. Ernest's little affairs were quickly settled. Harry was surprised
to find Italian life was so like home life in this one thing: he had been treated so kindly,
just as he would have been in his own home,--just as Mrs. Schroder, and even Aunt Martha, would
have treated a poor Italian stranger who had sought a lodging in their house; they had welcomed
Harry with the same warmth and feeling with which they had all along cared for Ernest. This
was something that Harry knew how to translate.

"When we were boys," he said to Ernest, as they set out to return, "and you used to talk about
Europe, we little thought I should travel into it so carelessly as I did when I came here.
I crossed it much as a pair of compasses would on the map: my only points of rest were the
home I left and the one I was reaching for."

Much in the same way they passed through it again. Harry spoke of and observed outward things,
but everything showed that it was but a superficial observation. His thoughts were with Violet.

"'The Nere誰d!' are you very sure the Nere誰d is a sound vessel?" he often asked.

"What should I know of the Nere誰d?" at last answered Ernest, impatiently.

"I believe you don't care a rush for Violet!" cried Harry. "You can have dreams instead! Your
Psyche, your winged angels and all your visions, they suffice you. While for me,--I tell you,
Ernest, she is my flesh and blood, my meat and drink. To think of her alone on that ocean drives
me wild; that inexorable sea haunts me night and day." He turned to look at Ernest, and saw
him pale and livid.

"God forgive me!" he said. "I know you love her, too! But it is our old quarrel; we cannot
understand each other, yet cannot live either of us without the other. Yet I am glad to quarrel
even in the old way. That is pleasant, after all, is it not?"

They had a long, stormy voyage home; and a delay in crossing France had made them miss the
steamer they hoped to take. At each delay, Ernest grew more silent, sadder, his face darker,
his features thinner and more sharpened. Harry was wild in his impatience, and angry, but more
and more thoughtful and careful for Ernest.

At last they reached the harbor. A friend met them who had been warned of their arrival by
telegraph from Halifax. He met them to tell them of ill news; they would rather hear it from him.

The Nere誰d was lost,--lost just outside the Bay,--the vessel, the crew, all the passengers,--in
a fearful storm of a week ago, the very storm that had delayed their own passage.

"Let us go home," said Harry. "Where is it?" asked Ernest. "Why were we not lost in the same
storm?" cried Harry. "How could we pass quietly along the very place?"

The brothers went home into the old room. Kindly hands had been caring for it,--had tried to
place all things in their accustomed order. Even the canary had come back from Aunt Martha's
parlor.
