Violet was not too worried about the trip:  the ship appeared to be comfortable and sturdy.  Interestingly, there was a great statue of a man.  It was marble, heavy, and of great value.  

Her friends said their good-byes.  Among this group were all of the Italian friends she had made, as well as Ernest, Harry’s brother.  She had written to Harry – her one true love – the day before her ship was to sail.  She hoped he had received her letter.

Unfortunately, her hopes were misplaced.  Harry had not received her letter.  He had left for Florence a few weeks after Violet had left on her voyage.

Harry's intention in Florence was to bring Violet and his brother, Ernest, home, but was disappointed that she was no longer there.  He had finished his latest contract early, which had permitted the Italian vacation.  Harry decided to return straight home, wasting no time.  This way, he hoped to catch Violet upon her arrival home.

Ernest had been spending his days in Italy sculpting and carving stone, making remarkable statues.  His days had been spent dedicated to his art.  Harry noticed Ernest's accomplishments, notably his latest earnings of $500.00 for a sculpture.  He could see the thought and soul Ernest had put into the sculpture, exemplifying life and grace.

While Ernest quickly settled his affairs before leaving Italy with his brother, Harry was surprised at how similar Italian life felt to his own back home.  The people were kind, lending the favor of lodging.  He knew his own family would do the same if in such a position.  He could see that his brother had been well-taken care of during his time in Florence.

"You know," said Ernest, "leaving here makes me think about what we talked about when we were boys.  We were always taking imaginary travels off to Europe, hoping they would one day come true."  

"Yes, we were," said Harry.  "You made it come true," he said distractedly.  He could not help but worry about Violet on her ship.

"When I came here," Ernest continued, "it was without much direction.  My only two reference points were my two homes:  one old, one new."

"Yes," said Harry.  "What ship did Violet take home?"

"The Nereïd," replied Ernest.

"The Nereïd!  Are you sure that's safe?" exclaimed Harry.

"How am I supposed to know about the Nereïd?  It's a boat like any other, right?"  Ernest was not very sympathetic to Harry's question.

"You and your dream world!  All you do is live with your sculptures and you care for no one else.  Violet could be in danger on that boat, for all we know.  Don't you know she is my everything?"  Harry's expression was panicked at this point, worried about the possibilities.

"Oh, yes, of course I know.  You love her, too!  This old fight will never rest.  Well, I'd rather quarrel with you than have no conversation at all.  Let's get on with our voyage."  Ernest picked up his luggage to indicate that he was ready to leave for the boat.

The voyage was no trip for the weak.  Stormy weather accompanied them for the entire trip, delaying their arrival with a stopover in France.  While Harry grew wildly impatient, he was more attentive to Ernest, and displayed patience.  Ernest, meanwhile, grew quiet and pensive, fearful of what was to come for them, as well as what had happened to Violet.  He started to look thin and gaunt, his dreary features accented by his current surroundings.  

When the two brothers arrived at their port, a friend was waiting to take them home.  He had received a telegraph from Halifax announcing their arrival.  The friend did not arrive with good news.

"The Nereïd was lost outside of the Bay," he relayed.  Harry and Ernest gasped, awe-struck by the news.  "All passengers and crew were lost by the same storm that delayed your trip.  I know Violet was on that boat.  I am very sorry."

Harry graciously took his friend's condolences.  He wanted to do nothing but be alone at home with his mourning. 

"Let's go home, Ernest," said Harry.  But Ernest would not move.  He was in disbelief.  His shock made Harry weak and he could no longer control his emotions.  Harry broke.  

"How could this have happened?  We were in the same storm!  Why did our boat not capsize?" Harry cried.  Ernest pulled himself together and put his arm around his brother, guiding him away from the port.

Upon returning home, Harry and Ernest found that the old room had been cared for all along.  Everything was just as it had been left, and even the canary from Aunt Martha's parlor had returned to its place.
