No two men are the same, and for that matter, no man is symmetrically equal. His proportions are not exact duplicates of one another. For example, he may have two arms and two legs, but each has different characteristics. His eyes may not have the same angles or the same depth. His nose may be to the right and his mouth to the left. His ears may be lopsided, with one close to the scalp and the other protruding outward. Not one finger matches another and these discrepancies follow throughout his whole body. Although this information is fairly evident, and probably not worthy of mention, it showcases the introduction toward what is believed to be the reason for such differences.  It has been found that the regular use of a particular body part warrants the growth of that limb.  It dismisses the common theory that the left side is generally smaller as it shows that it is not discriminate, but rather dependent on usage. However, genetics plays a huge part in proportions and it is simply a person's lifestyle that influences how his proportions will be exaggerated. A man who does not endure hard labor, will have one arm that is generally an inch longer than his other arm, whereas a woman has an arm length difference of nearly an inch and a half, as she is accomadating to the need to carry a child.

Upon learning of these facts, we questioned them, and examined how these details helped or hindered our own appearance, and whether or not they flattered or sustained our self-esteem.  All the body, from the roundness of a head, to the knobbyness of a knee, appears to be a bit of Nature playing dress up with our body, arranging them as she sees fit. It is vain to believe our physical appearance compares to that of men who helped shape our times:

"Ammon's great son one shoulder had too high; Such Ovid's nose, and, sir, you have an eye!" --

we can go through the history of men and conclude the following:

"Go on, obliging creatures, make me see All that disgraced my betters met in me.  Say, for my comfort, languishing in bed. Just so immortal Maro held his head; And when I die, be sure you let me know -- Homer (died three thousand years ago) 

The body is shaped by an internal tailor, one that purposely places are limbs at disproptions, one that experiments with the dimensions of our trunk...oval, round, or flat.  One that decides if our arms will be placed midline or toward the back, if our arms will be long or short.  One that will decide if we wak with a limb or with a drag.  It is all relative and the simple adjustments to the placement of our body in relation to other parts of our body determines the sort of gait a person will possess.  If the elbows turn outward, and the legs shorter, a person might appear to waddle and if the hips are not wide in girth, a person may rock side to side while walking and his feet may land on a surface with a thump, whereas if his hips are spread apart, his feet land softly upon the ground.  With a simple turn of the spine, it effects one's ability to move an arm in a certain direction or defines the sharpness in which he can adjust his movements.  This will determine how he throws a ball or holds a weapon, or how he will tolerate certain exercises.  How the body is shaped can declare how a person can withstand certain job performances and the Army uses proportions to declare a person ineligible for service.

All these curiosities evoke a change of opinion toward a person's role in his/her body's dimensions and instead of treating a person differently due to these differences, one must realize how genetics and herediatary taints the blueprint of a person. One must not forget that a child is simply a token of his parents and even the smallest of indifference is decided before he is coordinated enough to control his movement. Therefore, it is these innate qualities, or inequalities of body placements that a person becomes the shuffling gait that make them a true original.
