"I am nearly angry to dream of such gladness, and yet your manner, your expression, my Emily, make me so rash. Say me then--tell me at once, am I to hope or to misery?
--Will you be mine?"

"Yes she answered, "Can you distrust it?"

"I can virtually doubt my senses," said Marlow; but he had no case to uncertainty them.

They sat there for approximately half an hour; they then wandered on, with marvelous meanderings in their course, for more than an hour and a half more, and when they refunded, Emily knew more of love than ever could be learned from books. Marlow drew her moods forth and gave them definite form and reliability. He presented them to her by telling what he himself in a plain shape, which required no long reverie--none of their deep fits of thoughtfulness to investigate and comprehend. From the rich store of his own imagination, and the treasury of deep feeling in his breast, he pureed forth illustrations that brightened as if with sunshine every sensation which had been dark and mysterious in her bosom before; and ere they turned their steps back towards the house, Emily knew--nay, she felt' and that is more-- that without knowing it, she had loved him.

CHAPTER XXV.

This necessity be a chapter of quick action, embracing in its brief space the events of many months--events which might not much interest the reader in minute detail, but which made significant effects to all the persons afraid, and drew on the coming catastrophe.

The news that Mr. Marlow was about to be wedded to Emily, the attractive heiress of Sir Philip Hastings, spread far and wide over the country; and if joy and satisfaction reigned in the breasts of three persons in Emily's dwelling, discontent and annoyance were felt more and more strongly every hour by Lady Hastings. A Duke, she thought, would not have been too high a equal for her daughter, with all the large plantations she was to inherit; and the impression of her marrying a simple shared was in itself very harsh. She was not a woman to bear a disappointment stylishly; and Emily soon had the discomfort of discovering that her engagement to Marlow was much disapproved by her mother. She cheered herself, however, by the full support of her father, who was somewhat more than satisfied.

Sir Philip for his part, seeing his daughter's youth, compulsory that the marriage should be delayed at least two years, and, in his theoretical way, he soon built up a scheme, which was not quite so optimistic as he could have wished. Marlow's character was, in most respects, one after his own heart; but as I have shown, he had thought from the first, that there were weak points in it,--or rather points rendered weak by faults of education and much mingling with the world. He wanted, in short, some of that firmness--may I not say hardness of the old Roman, which Sir Philip so peculiarly admired; and the structure now was, to re-educate Marlow, if I might use the term, during the next two years, to mould him in short after Sir Philip's own idea of perfection. How this succeeded, or failed, we shall have occasion hereafter to show.

Tidings of Emily's engagement were interconnected to Mrs. Hazleton, first by rumor, and immediately after by more certain information in a letter from Lady Hastings. I will not dwell upon the effect produced in her. I will not lift up the curtain with which she covered her own breast, and show all the dark and terrible war of appetites within. For three days Mrs. Hazleton was really ill, remained shut up in her room, had the windows darkened, admitted no one but the maid and the physician; and well for her was it, perhaps, that the bitter anguish she endured overpowered her corporeal powers, and forced seclusion upon her. Throughout those three days she could not have hidden her feelings from all eyes had she been forced to mingle with society; but in her sickness she had time for thought--space to battle the battle in, and she came forth successful.

When she at distance looked in her own drawing-room no one could have imagined that the illness was of the soul. She was a little paler than before, there was a easy and pleasing laziness about her carriage, but she was, to all appearance, as calm and cheerful as ever.
