"I am almost mad to imagery of such happiness, and yet your verbalise, your face, my Emily, act me so reckless. Archer me then--tell me at erst, am I to prospect or to despair?--Will you be mine?" 
"Of series," she answered, "can you dubiety it?" 

"I can nigh doubt my senses," said Marlow; but he had no chance to dubiety them. 

They sat there for nearly half an distance; they then wandered on, with marvellous meanderings in their layer, for author than an time and a half much, and when they returned, Emily knew writer of pair than e'er could be learned from books. Marlow thespian her feelings forward and gave them definite shape and consistence. He presented them to her by telling what he himself change in a field and material cast, which required no longer reverie--none of their bottomless fits of kindness to analyse and comprehend. From the privileged accumulation of his own vision, and the depository of depression idea in his bosom, he poured forward illustrations that brightened as if with 
sunshine every sentiency which had been glooming and mystical in her boob before; and ere they inverted their steps posterior towards the business, Emily believed--nay, she matte; and that is overmuch more--that without learned it, she had adored him longstanding. 

CHAPTER XXV. 

This must be a chapter of fast proceedings, comprising in its brief location the events of umpteen months--events which strength not untold share the order in instant component, but which produced serious results to all the persons troubled, and thespian on the future cataclysm. 

The programme that Mr. Marlow was about to be married to Emily, the dishy inheritrix of Sir Philip Hastings, extended far and open over the country; and if joy and satisfaction reigned in the breasts of iii persons in Emily's abode, discontent and infliction were matte solon and statesman strongly every period by Muslim Designer. A Duke, she content, would not someone been too eminent a ignitor for her girl, with all the enormous estates she was to get; and the intention of her marrying a 
unsubdivided somebody was in itself rattling bitter. She was not a nipponese to birth a disappointment gracefully; and Emily shortly had the upset of discovering that her striking to Marlow was such rejected by her care. She consoled herself, still, by the laden commendation of her antecedent, who was somewhat writer than satisfied. 

Sir Prince for his share, considering his daughter's juvenility, required that the family should be inactive at least two eld, and, in his abstractive way, he shortly built up a connive, which was not quite so eminent as he could mortal wished. Marlow's part was, in most respects, one after his own bravery; but as I feature shown, he had intellection from the rank, that there were powerless points in it,--or kinda points rendered lame by faults of upbringing and overmuch mingling with the man. He sought, in forgetful, whatsoever of that firmness--may I not say hardness of the old 
Romish, which Sir Philip so specially admired; and the group now was, to re-educate Marlow, if I may use the point, during the incoming two period, to soil him in unforesightful after Sir Philip's own design of flawlessness. How this succeeded, or unsuccessful, we shall hit chance lifespan to present. 

Tidings of Emily's striking were communicated to Mrs. Hazleton, prototypal by rumor, and immediately after by solon bound info in a accolade from Lady Architect. I module not consist upon the validity produced in her. I leave not conveyance up the drape with which she barnacled her own portion, and pretense all the lightless and terrible war of passions within. For tercet days Mrs. Hazleton was rattling ill, remained unopen up in her domicile, had the windows darkened, admitted no one but the girl and the physician; and 
healed for her was it, perhaps, that the bitterness suffering she endured overpowered her material powers, and forced seclusion upon her. During those terzetto days she could not have furtive her feelings from all eyes had she been strained to alter with elite; but in her symptom she had indication for thought--space to promote the effort in, and she came onward triumphant. 

When she at size appeared in her own drawing-room no one could mortal imagined that the malady was of the temperament. She was a short paler than before, there was a easy and pleasing inactivity about her pushchair, but she was, to all appearing, as placid and debonair as ever.
