"I am almost mad to dream of such happiness, and yet your tone, your look, my Emily, make
me so rash. Tell me then--tell me at once, am I to hope or to despair?--Will you be mine?"

"Of course," she answered, "can you doubt it?"

"I can almost doubt my senses," said Marlow; but he had no occasion to doubt them.

They sat there for nearly half an hour; they then wandered on, with marvellous meanderings
in their course, for more than an hour and a half more, and when they returned, Emily knew
more of love than ever could be learned from books. Marlow drew her feelings forth and gave
them definite form and consistency. He presented them to her by telling what he himself felt
in a plain and tangible shape, which required no long reverie--none of their deep fits of thoughtfulness
to investigate and comprehend. From the rich store of his own imagination, and the treasury
of deep feeling in his breast, he poured forth illustrations that brightened as if with sunshine
every sensation which had been dark and mysterious in her bosom before; and ere they turned
their steps back towards the house, Emily believed--nay, she felt; and that is much more--that
without knowing it, she had loved him long.

CHAPTER XXV.

This must be a chapter of rapid action, comprising in its brief space the events of many months--events
which might not much interest the reader in minute detail, but which produced important results
to all the persons concerned, and drew on the coming catastrophe.

The news that Mr. Marlow was about to be married to Emily, the beautiful heiress of Sir Philip
Hastings, spread far and wide over the country; and if joy and satisfaction reigned in the
breasts of three persons in Emily's dwelling, discontent and annoyance were felt more and more
strongly every hour by Lady Hastings. A Duke, she thought, would not have been too high a match
for her daughter, with all the large estates she was to inherit; and the idea of her marrying
a simple commoner was in itself very bitter. She was not a woman to bear a disappointment gracefully;
and Emily soon had the pain of discovering that her engagement to Marlow was much disapproved
by her mother. She consoled herself, however, by the full approval of her father, who was somewhat
more than satisfied.

Sir Philip for his part, considering his daughter's youth, required that the marriage should
be delayed at least two years, and, in his theoretical way, he soon built up a scheme, which
was not quite so successful as he could have wished. Marlow's character was, in most respects,
one after his own heart; but as I have shown, he had thought from the first, that there were
weak points in it,--or rather points rendered weak by faults of education and much mingling
with the world. He wanted, in short, some of that firmness--may I not say hardness of the old
Roman, which Sir Philip so peculiarly admired; and the scheme now was, to re-educate Marlow,
if I may use the term, during the next two years, to mould him in short after Sir Philip's
own idea of perfection. How this succeeded, or failed, we shall have occasion hereafter to show.

Tidings of Emily's engagement were communicated to Mrs. Hazleton, first by rumor, and immediately
after by more certain information in a letter from Lady Hastings. I will not dwell upon the
effect produced in her. I will not lift up the curtain with which she covered her own breast,
and show all the dark and terrible war of passions within. For three days Mrs. Hazleton was
really ill, remained shut up in her room, had the windows darkened, admitted no one but the
maid and the physician; and well for her was it, perhaps, that the bitter anguish she endured
overpowered her corporeal powers, and forced seclusion upon her. During those three days she
could not have concealed her feelings from all eyes had she been forced to mingle with society;
but in her sickness she had time for thought--space to fight the battle in, and she came forth
triumphant.

When she at length appeared in her own drawing-room no one could have imagined that the illness
was of the heart. She was a little paler than before, there was a soft and pleasing languor
about her carriage, but she was, to all appearance, as calm and cheerful as ever.
