It was the headquarters of Essad Pasha, defender
of Janina in the last war, and division commander in this sector of the front.  He received
us in his tent beside a table littered with maps and papers--a grizzled, good-natured soldier,
who addressed us in German, and might indeed have passed for a German.  He apologized for the
cramped quarters, explaining that they were likely at any time to be bombarded, and had to
live in what was practically a trench, and then at once, in the Turkish fashion, appeared an
orderly with tiny cups of sweet coffee.

Things were quiet at the moment, he said.  There was nothing but the desultory crack-crack
of snipers, coming from one knew not just where, the every-day voice of the trenches--possibly
the enemy were dismayed by the loss of the Triumph.  He had seen it all, he said, from this
very spot--a sight one was not likely to see more than once in a lifetime. The great ship had
rolled over like a stricken whale.  Her torpedo-nets were out, and as she turned over these
nets closed down on the men struggling in the water, and swept them under.  He, too, expressed
entire confidence in the Turk's ability to stop any farther advance and, calling an aid, sent
us to the periscope, which poked its two eyes through a screen of pine branches a few yards
away, and looked over the parapet and down on the first-line trenches and the sea.

We were high above the Aegean and opposite the island of Imbros, which lifted its hazy blue
on the western horizon, and was used as a base by part of the fleet.  To the south rose the
promontory of Kaba Tepe, cleared of the enemy now, our Turkish major said, and, stretching
northward from it past us and Ari Burnu, the curving rim of beach held by the English.

More than a month had passed since the landing, and the heavy fighting of the next few days,
in which the Australians and New Zealanders, under a hail of shrapnel churning up the water
between ships and shore, succeeded in getting a foothold; a month and more had passed, and,
though they still held their ground, apparently they could do no more. The yellow line of their
first trench twisted along the rim of the hill below us, perhaps a quarter of a mile away,
and directly behind it lay the blue sea.  How much elbow-room they might have between their
trenches and the water one could not tell, so completely foreshortened was the space between.
Cliffs rise from a narrow strip of foreshore here, however, and apparently they had pushed
just over the cliff rim-- the first hill above the sea.  Their tents, stores and landing-places
were out of sight.

Directly in front of the English trenches were the first-line Turkish trenches, in some places
not more than fifteen or twenty feet away, so close, indeed, that when there was fighting they
must have fought with revolvers, hand-grenades, shovels, anything they could lay their hands
on.  At the moment it was quiet but for the constant Crack... crack-crack! of snipers.

We could look down on the backs and heads of the Turkish soldiers; except for a wisp of smoke
rising here and there from some hidden camp cook-stove, there was not a sign of life in the
English trenches. Snipers were attending to that.  Even here, in the second-line trenches on
top of the second hill, no one was allowed to show his head, and it was all the more curious
to see a squad of Turkish soldiers digging away below as calmly as so many market-gardeners
in a potato-field.  They were running another trench behind the several that already lined
the slope, and must have been hidden by a rise of ground, though looking down from above they
seemed to be out in the open.

The position of the English did not seem enviable.  They had trenches directly in front of
them, and several hundred feet above them a second line (from which we were looking) dominating
the whole neighborhood. The first-line Turkish trenches were too close to their own to be bombarded
from the ships, so that that preliminary advantage was cut off; the second-line defenses, in
the twisting gullies over the hill, could stand bombardment about as well as could trenches
anywhere--and behind them was the water.  They were very literally between the devil and the
deep sea.

With the periscope we worked from Kaba Tepe on the left clear across the ground in front of
us to the north.  Over in the west, by hazy Imbros, were five or six ships; there was another
fleet in the north to-ward the Gulf of Saros, and little black beetles of destroyers crawled
here and there across the blue sea floor.  The major took us into his tent for cigarettes and
another thimbleful of the coffee.  He, too, had been educated in Germany, spoke German and
French, and with his quick, bright eyes and soft smile, would easily have passed for a Frenchman
or Italian.
