It was the headquarters of Essad Pasha,division commander of the front. Defender of Janina in the last war. He received us in his tent beside a table crowded with maps and papers along with good-natured soldier streaked in gray , who addressed us in German, and might have passed for a German. He apologized for the uncomfortable quarters, and that  likely to be bombarded at any time. He were practically  to live in   a trench.  At once, in the Turkish fashion an orderly  appeared with tiny cups of sweet coffee.

He said there was nothing but the lonely crack of snipers from somewhere, possibly the enemy were disappointed  by the loss of the Victory. Things are were quiet for the time being. He has seen horrible sights like, great ship had rolled over like a stricken whale,the men struggling in the water inside torpedo-nets  and  horrible sights to bear once in a lifetime.

He, expressed full  confidence in the Turk's ability to stop any farther advance. Then instructed to take us to the periscope, which poked its two eyes through a screen of pine branches , and looked over the parapet and down on the first-line trenches and the sea.

The islands of Aegean and Imbros were used as a base by part of the fleet and we were high above the islands. The curving rim of beach held by the English were stretching northward. from it past us and Ari Burnu. The  Turkish major said that they have  cleared of the enemy from Kaba Tepe the south  which as a mass over looks the water. 

A month had passed since our landing, heavy fighting was there for few days. Australians and New Zealanders,succeeded in getting a foothold under a hail of heavy waves up the water between ships and shore. .It seemed they could not proceed further although  a month and more had passed. They still held their ground. 

Availability of space they might have between  trenches and the water could not be assessed. so foreshortened was  the space. A quarter of a mile away trench twisted along the rim of the hill below us and directly behind it was the blue sea. It seemed that they had pushed just over the cliff rim-- the first hill above the sea. Their tents, stores and landing-places could not be seen. The yellow line of their first  cliffs rise from a narrow strip of foreshore here. 

Directly in front of the English trenches were the first-line Turkish trenches, at places only fifteen to twenty feet  distance.  so close that must have been with revolvers, hand-grenades, shovels, etc.  It was quiet but for the moment and free of constant  crack-crack of snipers.

From some hidden camp cook-stove of English trenches, whirl of smoke was seen and not a sign of life  there.  We could see the backs and heads of the Turkish soldiers and  Snipers were attending to that.  In this line of trenches no one was allowed to show his head, was curious to see a squad of Turkish soldiers seemed to be out in the open  digging  below as calmly as in a potato-field,  who were running to another trench behind the lined the slope, who must have been hidden by a rise of ground. 

The English  had trenches in front of them, several  feet from from where we were looking;  they had a second line dominating the whole neighborhood and  was  to be advantageous. The first-line of Turkish trenches were very close to their own to be bombarded from the ships, that their primary advantage was cut off. The second-line defenses  over the hill could stand bombardment from anywhere and behind them was the sea.  They were very literally between the devil and the deep sea. The major took us into tent for cigarettes and another coffee. He was educated in Germany, spoke German and French, and with his quick, bright eyes and soft smile, may recognize him as a Frenchman or Italian.   

The periscope we worked from Kaba Tepe showed clearly the ground in front of us to the north. In the west, at unclear Imbros were five or six ships, and another at  Gulf of Saros to the north.
Destroyers flied across the blue sea.
.  there was another fleet in the north to-ward the , and little black beetles of .
