A Riddel ROBERT, ESQ. 

DE GLENRIDDEL 

[These memoranda shed much light on the early days of Burns, and the history of his mind and compositions. Robert Riddel, of Friars-Carse, who these fragments were sent, was a good man and a distinguished antiquary.] 

My dear sir, 

The stir some old papers I lighted on a MS. of my early years, which had determined to write, as I was placed by fortune from a class of men whom my ideas would have been foolish. I had assumed that the book should have stood by my side, with the fond hope that one time or another, even after I was no more, my thoughts fall into the hands of someone capable of appreciating its value. It starts as follows: - 

"COMMENTS, SUGGESTIONS, songs, pieces of poetry, etc, by Robert Burness: a man who had little art in making money, let alone to keep him, but it was nevertheless a man of some sense, honesty and a boundless goodwill to all creatures, rational and irrational .-- He was very bit in debt with school education, and bred in a plow-tail, their actions must be strongly stained with the way the rough, rustic life, but I think they are really theirs, can be an entertainment for a curious observer of human nature to see how a farmer thinks and feels, under the pressure of love, ambition, anxiety, pain, with similar concerns and passions, which, however diversified by the ways and means of life, operating more or less the same, I think, on all species. " 

"There are a number in the world who do not want the sense of making a figure, but rather an opinion of their own capabilities to bring them to record their observations, and with the same emphasis that make it appear in print." - Shenstone. 

* * * * * 

April 1783. 

Despite everything that was said against love, respect for the folly and weakness gives a mind young and inexperienced, still largely think deserves the highest praise that have been passed on it. If there is anything on earth deserves the name of ecstasy or transport, which is the feeling of eighteen green in the company of the lady of his heart, when she pays a yield equal affection. 

* * * * * 

August. 

There is undoubtedly some connection between love and music, and poetry, and therefore I have always thought that a fine touch of nature, the passage of a modern love-composition: 

"As she walked to her cot, and his name was common in his song." Performance is, in fact, very childish and stupid, but I'm always happy with him, recalling to mind those happy days when my heart was still honest, and my tongue was sincere. The subject was a girl who really deserves all the praise I have bestowed on it. Not only had this opinion of his time - but I really think yet, now that the spell is broken for a long time, and charm to an end. 

Or once loved a bonnie girl [145]. 

Lest my works should be thought of criticism as follows: or meet with a critic, who, perhaps, not be in them with so candid and satisfactory one eye, I am determined to criticize myself. 

The first couplet of the first stanza is quite too weak strain of our ordinary street ballads: and, moreover, the second distich is too much at the other end. The term is a bit awkward, and feeling seriously. The second stanza pleased with me, and I think provides a good idea of the kind of sex - the pleasant, or what in our Scotch dialect we call a sweet girl sonsie. The third verse is a little weak in her lap, and the third line is rather too serious a cast. The fourth stanza is anyone indifferent, the first line, that is, in fact, all the strain of the second stanza, but the rest is more expletive. The thoughts in the fifth stanza finally reached my favorite idea - a sweet girl sonsie: last line, however, stops a little. The same sentiments are kept with the spirit of equality and sensitivity in the sixth stanza, but the second and fourth lines ending with short syllables joint damage.
