
TO ROBERT RIDDEL, ESQ.

OF GLENRIDDEL

[These memoranda throw much light on the early days of Burns, and on the history of his mind
and compositions. Robert Riddel, of the Friars-Carse, to whom these fragments were sent, was
a good man as well as a distinguished antiquary.]

MY DEAR SIR,

On rummaging over some old papers I lighted on a MS. of my early years, in which I had determined
to write myself out; as I was placed by fortune among a class of men to whom my ideas would
have been nonsense. I had meant that the book should have lain by me, in the fond hope that
some time or other, even after I was no more, my thoughts would fall into the hands of somebody
capable of appreciating their value. It sets off thus:--

"OBSERVATIONS, HINTS, SONGS, SCRAPS OF POETRY, &c., by ROBERT BURNESS: a man who had little
art in making money, and still less in keeping it; but was, however, a man of some sense, a
great deal of honesty, and unbounded good-will to every creature, rational and irrational.--As
he was but little indebted to scholastic education, and bred at a plough-tail, his performances
must be strongly tinctured with his unpolished, rustic way of life; but as I believe they are
really his own, it may be some entertainment to a curious observer of human nature to see how
a ploughman thinks, and feels, under the pressure of love, ambition, anxiety, grief, with the
like cares and passions, which, however diversified by the modes and manners of life, operate
pretty much alike, I believe, on all the species."

     "There are numbers in the world who do not want sense to
     make a figure, so much as an opinion of their own abilities
     to put them upon recording their observations, and allowing
     them the same importance which they do to those which appear
     in print."--SHENSTONE.

       *       *       *       *       *

April, 1783.

Notwithstanding all that has been said against love, respecting the folly and weakness it lends
a young inexperienced mind into; still I think it in a great measure deserves the highest encomiums
that have been passed upon it. If anything on earth deserves the name of rapture or transport,
it is the feelings of green eighteen in the company of the mistress of his heart, when she
repays him with an equal return of affection.

       *       *       *       *       *

August.

There is certainly some connexion between love and music, and poetry; and therefore, I have
always thought it a fine touch of nature, that passage in a modern love-composition:

    "As towards her cot she jogged along,
      Her name was frequent in his song." The
performance is indeed, very puerile and silly; but I am always pleased
with it, as it recalls to my mind those happy days when my heart was
yet honest, and my tongue was sincere. The subject of it was a young
girl who really deserved all the praises I have bestowed on her. I not
only had this opinion of her then--but I actually think so still, now
that the spell is long since broken, and the enchantment at an end.

    O once I lov'd a bonnie lass.[145]

Lest my works should be thought below criticism: or meet with a critic, who, perhaps, will
not look on them with so candid and favourable an eye, I am determined to criticise them myself.

The first distich of the first stanza is quite too much in the flimsy strain of our ordinary
street ballads: and, on the other hand, the second distich is too much in the other extreme.
The expression is a little awkward, and the sentiment too serious. Stanza the second I am well
pleased with; and I think it conveys a fine idea of that amiable part of the sex--the agreeables;
or what in our Scotch dialect we call a sweet sonsie lass. The third stanza has a little of
the flimsy turn in it; and the third line has rather too serious a cast. The fourth stanza
is a very indifferent one; the first line, is, indeed, all in the strain of the second stanza,
but the rest is most expletive. The thoughts in the fifth stanza come finely up to my favourite
idea--a sweet sonsie lass: the last line, however, halts a little. The same sentiments are
kept up with equal spirit and tenderness in the sixth stanza, but the second and fourth lines
ending with short syllables hurt the whole.
