As M. Faguet observes in a striking paragraph of his study of Flaubert:

"It is a curious thing, which does honor to them both, that Flaubert and George Sand should
have become loving friends towards the end of their lives. At the beginning, Flaubert might
have been looked upon by George Sand as a furious enemy. Emma [Madame Bovary] is George Sand's
heroine with all the poetry turned into ridicule. Flaubert seems to say in every page of his
work: 'Do you want to know what is the real Valentine, the real Indiana, the real Lelia? Here
she is, it is Emma Roualt.' 'And do you want to know what becomes of a woman whose education
has consisted in George Sand's books? Here she is, Emma Roualt.' So that the terrible mocker
of the bourgeois has written a book which is directly inspired by the spirit of the 1840 bourgeois.
Their recriminations against romanticism 'which rehabilitates and poetises the courtesan,'
against George Sand, the Muse of Adultery, are to be found in acts and facts in Madame Bovary."

Now, the largest interest of this correspondence depends precisely upon the continuance, beneath
an affectionate personal relationship, of a fundamental antagonism of interests and beliefs,
resolutely maintained on both sides. George Sand, with her lifelong passion for propaganda
and reformation, labors earnestly to bring Flaubert to her point of view, to remould him nearer
to her heart's desire. He, with a playful deference to the sex and years of his friend, addresses
her in his letters as "Dear Master." Yet in the essentials of the conflict, though she never
gives over her effort, he never budges a jot; he has taken his ground, and in his last unfinished
work, Bouvard and Pecuchet, he dies stubbornly fortifying his position. To the last she speaks
from a temperament lyrical, sanguine, imaginative, optimistic and sympathetic; he from a temperament
dramatic, melancholy, observing, cynical, and satirical. She insists upon natural goodness;
he, upon innate depravity. She urges her faith in social regeneration; he vents his splenetic
contempt for the mob. Through all the successive shocks of disillusioning experience, she expects
the renovation of humanity by some religious, some semi-mystical, amelioration of its heart;
he grimly concedes the greater part of humanity to the devil, and can see no escape for the
remnant save in science and aristocratic organization. For her, finally, the literary art is
an instrument of social salvation--it is her means of touching the world with her ideals, her
love, her aspiration; for him the literary art is the avenue of escape from the meaningless
chaos of existence--it is his subtly critical condemnation of the world.

The origins of these unreconciled antipathies lie deep beneath the personal relationship of
George Sand and Gustave Flaubert; lie deep beneath their successors, who with more or less
of amenity in their manners are still debating the same questions today. The main currents
of the nineteenth century, with fluent and refluent tides, clash beneath the controversy; and
as soon as one hears its "long withdrawing roar," and thinks it is dying away, and is become
a part of ancient history, it begins again, and will be heard, no doubt, by the last man as
a solemn accompaniment to his final contention with his last adversary.

George Sand was, on the whole, a natural and filial daughter of the French Revolution. The
royal blood which she received from her father's line mingled in her veins with that of the
Parisian milliner, her mother, and predestined her for a leveller by preparing in her an instinctive
ground of revolt against all those inherited prejudices which divided the families of her parents.
As a young girl wildly romping with the peasant children at Nohant she discovered a joy in
untrammeled rural life which was only to increase with years. At the proper age for beginning
to fashion a conventional young lady, the hoyden was put in a convent, where she underwent
some exalting religious experiences; and in 1822 she was assigned to her place in the "established
social order" by her marriage at seventeen to M. Dudevant. After a few years of rather humdrum
domestic life in the country, she became aware that this gentleman, her husband, was behaving
as we used to be taught that all French husbands ultimately behave; he was, in fact, turning
from her to her maids. The young couple had never been strongly united-- the impetuous dreamy
girl and her coarse hunting mate; and they had grown wide apart. She should, of course, have
adjusted herself quietly to the altered situation and have kept up appearances. But this young
wife had gradually become an "intellectual"; she had been reading philosophy and poetry; she
was saturated with the writings of Rousseau, of Chateaubriand, of Byron.
