In a paragraph relating to his study of Flaubert, M. Faguet notes that "It is a curious thing, which does honor to them both, that Flaubert and George Sand should have become loving friends towards the end of their lives."

He expands upon his discussion of their friendship by observing: "At the beginning, Flaubert might have been looked upon by George Sand as a furious enemy. Emma [Madame Bovary] is George Sand's heroine with all the poetry turned into ridicule. Flaubert seems to say in every page of his work: 'Do you want to know what is the real Valentine, the real Indiana, the real Lelia? Here she is, it is Emma Roualt.' 'And do you want to know what becomes of a woman whose education has consisted in George Sand's books? Here she is, Emma Roualt.' So that the terrible mocker of the bourgeois has written a book which is directly inspired by the spirit of the 1840 bourgeois. Their recriminations against romanticism 'which rehabilitates and poetises the courtesan,' against George Sand, the Muse of Adultery, are to be found in acts and facts in Madame Bovary."

This correspondence depended on the parties mutual fundamental antagonism of interests, wrapped in their affectionate personal relationship.  George Sand--who had a lifelong passion for propaganda and reformation--tried to remould Flaubert nearer to her hearts desire and to bring him to her point of view.  His letters of response show a playful deference, referring to her as "Dear Master."

Neither of the budge in their positions and with Flaubert's last unfinished work, Bouvard and Pecuchet, he dies having fortified his position.  While Flaubert's temperament reads as dramatic--verging on melancholy and cynical--Sand speaks from a temperamental lyrical, sanguine, and optimistic.

She insists upon natural goodness and urges her faith in social regeneration; he insists upon innate depravity, vents his splenetic contempt for the mob and can see no escape for the much of humanity save in science and aristocratic organization.  While Sand sees literary art as an instrument of social salvation, to Flaubert it is his subtly critical condemnation of the world.

Their unreconciled antipathies are rooted deep beneath their personal relationship and well beneath their successors, who are still debating the same questions today.  The main currents of the nineteenth century, with fluent and refluent tides, clash beneath the controversy; and as soon as one hears its "long withdrawing roar," and thinks it is dying away, and is become a part of ancient history, it begins again, and will be heard, no doubt, by the last man as a solemn accompaniment to his final contention with his last adversary.

George Sand was, on the whole, a natural and filial daughter of the French Revolution. Her father was of royal blood, and her mother, a Parisian milliner. This predestined her for a leveller by preparing in her an instinctive ground of revolt against all those inherited prejudices which divided the families of her parents. As a child, she played with the peasant children at Nohant and discovered a joy in rural life which was only to increased as she grew older. As a young woman, she was put in a convent where she underwent some exalting religious experiences.  In 1822, she married at seventeen to M. Dudevant.  She realized that he was turning from her to her maids, behaving as we are taught that all French husbands eventually behave.  This only served to widen the gap between the already barely united couple, but Sand did not merely adjust herself quietly to the situation to keep up appearances: she had become and "intellectual" in her readings of philosophy and poetry; she was saturated with the writings of Rousseau, of Chateaubriand, of Byron.
