ABOUT MY ORCHARD

      My name is WILLIAMSON, and lived for 40 years in Kannas of Washington country.  It would be helpful if I share my experiences on cultivation practices done for "Apple" in the orchard. To my opinion, the terrain of the land must be the bottom area with a north/eastern slope having black loamy and clay as sub-soil.
It is my experience that the Cooper's Early White is not a good variety as it will not bear much fruits and therefore it was removed from my garden.   The planting distance of the trees were 30' x 30' and keep the trees for 3 years a good seed bearing variety.  Wind belts are to be raised to protect the trees from fruit falling.  Mulberry seeds are to be sawn and cedar saplings to be planted on the wind belts planned for raising.  It was my practice to keep traps for rabbits and dogs.  I used to do top thinning and cut watersprouts and dead branches to enable to get sufficient sun shine in-wards, but never cut fruit bearing branches.  Bee-hives with bees were placed in random to help pollination and found that it was very much meaningfull.   The manuring was done regularly with wastes collected.  The orchard was never allowed for grazing.   The pest and diseases was controlled by spraying London purple.   If the bark is having good sap flow, the attack of borer would be less.  Some valuable trees were saved from the borer, by taking a hole of quarter-inch by a drill bit and applying strychnine or sulphur and plugging the hole. This was also controlling the locust.  Somebody may explain it scientifically.
       The Apples collected by hand picking and was sold on retail, by keeping it in a barrel at home.  It was one of the profitable method I could understand.  Drying of the apple is not recommended.  Ben Davis, Winesap and Missouri Pippin are the best to be in store.  While storing the apples, it is better to cover each one with paper and to keep some paper in between and pack in the boxes as layers in underground stores.  The celler was opened and kept on hot and sunny days and thus keeping method have shown good results.  The cost per bushel was around 35 cents to $1.10. No other experienced person other than Wellhouse, the "Apple King" was making good money by the experiences and the other horticulturists were giving legacy to the following generations.  Though I was profiting by home market, the experience gained at Kansas as a leisure time planter from 1856 onwards, were great and now I am planting in Ozark country near Olden, only for marketing idea.  I could have done this at Kansas, but it was taking a longer time for maturity, there.  In Missouri I had to pay less taxes.
        How ever I would suggest that the orchiardist should not be pumping more horticultural practices and must not be carried away by fruit trees and have a financial set back. One must also understand that it may not bring more money than cultivation in hog or corn.  I must thank the lively works rendered by the members of State Horticultural Society as they ensured that the fruiticulture maintained a success point. However  it is found that worthless varieties have been planting by year after year.

*****
 Hi, my name is ERNST FAIRCHILD,from Hiawatha, Brown city. My apple orchard is 12 yrs old in an extend of 15 acres, in Kansas.  Market varieties are Jonathan,Ben Davis and Rawle's Janet and for a family orchard Snow, Winesap, which are sweet types. A Land of eastern slope is the best for planting. Pruning is done for shape. Packing is done in square tin pails with false bottom as it is easy to open.   Vinegar is made out of sorted apples. The prices I am getting is - 60 cents to $1 per barrel. Employed men's wage = $1 and boys wage =75 cents       
*******
NEILS HANSON, settled for 32 years at Willis, Brown city, says that he has got an orchard of 200 apple trees of 20 years of age. The varieties suggested by him are - Ben Davis, Jonathan, Willow Twig and Strawberry. He would destroy Willow Twig and Lawver. He likes the low lying land with clay nature and having a northern or eastern slope. Pit size for planting is 2'deep at 4'x4' square. He is using plow or spade around the trees for cultivating for 8 or 10 years.The wind belts are planted with Maples or willows as crops and corn or oats are planted as a cover crop in the young orchard. Pollarding and thinning is essential and good, he says.
