WILLIAMSON, Washington, Washington county: I have lived in Kansas forty years. I
have tried and discarded Cooper's Early White, because it is a short-lived tree and a shy bearer.
I prefer bottom land with a black loam and a clay subsoil, with a north and east slope. I plant
trees thirty feet apart. I would advise cultivation for three years; seed bearing orchard to
white clover. Windbreaks are essential; would make them of mulberries and cedar; plant seed
for mulberries and set small cedars. For rabbits I use traps and dogs. I prune, but not very
much; I cut out watersprouts and dead limbs, and thin out the top so as to let sun in. I never
have thinned the fruit on the trees, but think it would pay. I keep bees to help pollinize
the blossoms. I fertilize my orchard with stable litter; trees and plant life, as well as stock,
need food. I do not pasture my orchard; it is not advisable. I have sprayed with London purple.
I protect my trees from the sun, and the bark being full of sap the borers will not trouble
them. I hand-pick my apples and pack in barrels in the orchard. I sell in the orchard at retail.
My best market is at home. Do not dry any. I store some apples, and find Ben Davis, Winesap
and Missouri Pippin keep best. When packing apples for storing I wrap each apple in paper and
put a paper between the layers in the boxes; then put them in the cellar, and they keep well.
I open the cellar door on warm days. Prices have been from 35 cents to $1.10 per bushel.

There is not a state in the union but what is profiting by the experiences of such men as friend
Wellhouse, the "Apple King," and other horticulturists, who are leaving a legacy to future
generations. My experience in orcharding has been as an amateur ever since 1856. My orchard
has been for home use, but now, with my experience gained here in Kansas, I am planting in
the Ozark country, near Olden, exclusively for market purposes (the same can be done in Kansas),
but takes longer to come to maturity. Taxes are low in Missouri. The orchardist should not
be assessed on his fruit-trees and pay the penalty for being energetic and a pusher in horticulture.
In Kansas, thanks to the life work of the members of the State Horticultural Society, we have
reached a point where the culture of fruit is an assured success; and there is more money in
it than in hog or corn raising. The trouble has been, too many worthless varieties have been
planted, and now that they are bearing are profitless; and the worst of it is they are repeating
the same mistake each year. I have saved some valuable trees from the borers by taking a quarter-inch
bit and boring a hole and putting in strychnine or sulphur, and the tree lived on while all
others died; even in the black locust it was successful. I then plug the outside portion of
the hole. Let some one explain the reason who understands the circulation of the sap.

       *       *       *       *       *

ERNST FAIRCHILD, Hiawatha, Brown county: I have lived in Kansas thirty years; have an apple
orchard of fifteen acres, twelve years old. For market I prefer Jonathan, Ben Davis, and Rawle's
Janet; and for a family orchard Snow, Winesap, and some sweet varieties. I prefer an east slope.
I prune my trees to give shape. I pick my apples in square tin pails which have false bottoms;
slide the fruit out at the bottom. I make vinegar of the cull apples. Prices have been from
sixty cents to one dollar per barrel. I employ men and boys--men at one dollar per day and
boys seventy-five cents per day.

       *       *       *       *       *

NEILS HANSON, Willis, Brown county: I have resided in the state thirty-two years; have an orchard
of 200 apple trees twenty years old. For all purposes, I prefer Ben Davis, Jonathan, Willow
Twig, and Strawberry. Have tried and would discard Willow Twig and Lawver. I prefer bottom
land having a clay soil and a north or east slope. When planting trees, I dig a hole two feet
deep and four feet square. I cultivate my orchard eight or ten years, using a plow, and spade
around the trees. I plant corn or oats in a young orchard. Windbreaks are essential; would
make them of maples or willows and cultivate the same as a crop. I prune to thin the tops,
and think it beneficial.
