Saint John salmon, duty included, cost on average 14 cents per pound.  The best salmon costs $1 per pound and at the end of the season the price drops to 12 1/2 cents per pound.  At Bucksport, two tons of salmon were sold in 24 hours.  The price was 8 cents per pound.  Over the retail season, the price averaged 25 cents per pound.

*****

Dear Professor,

I delayed in replying to your letter, not out of bad manners, but because I wanted to include the data you asked for, which I have had difficulty in obtaining.  I asked Mr. Atkins and he has not been able to find the data, either.  Weir fisherman do not keep records and their spoken reports are unreliable.  Fishermen above tidewaters are merely poachers, fiercely secretive about their catch for fear other fishermen may compete with their good bounty.

Years ago I put 300,000 salmon into to the Mattawamkeag river at Bancroft, Eaton, Kingsmore, and at Mattawamkeag village.  Three 12-foot high dams are between the locations.  Salmon have been jumping below the first dam, called "Gordon's Falls."

I work with Everett Smith, a civil engineer.  He counted 15 salmon in twice as many minutes.  Another man, Mr. Bailey, counted 60 salmon jumping in as many minutes, half a mile from the falls.  This location is a tributary of Penobscot.  

On the east branch of the aforementioned river, it has been reported that the pools are literally black with an abundance of salmon, of which, poachers killed 25.  This is confirmed by a letter, enclosed, from Mr. Prentiss, a prominent merchant.  I kindly request that you return this letter to me as I will need to use it in my report.  The west branch of the river similarly has been reported to contain large numbers of salmon.

***********

Last month I made a trek to Mount Katahdin to survey and examine the location.  In July I had been salmon fishing without success on the east branch of the Penobscot.  The waters were a confirmed salmon-pool and my guide said over 100 salmon of 8 to 11 pounds had been caught in a single season.  Local residents fished for the salmon recreationally and no regular market exists.  

While there were fish, there were not enough to make large fishing operations profitable.  Twenty years ago, a farmer had a net stretched clear across the river all the way down to the bottom.  This elaborate set-up produced only two or three salmon per week, and since has been abandoned as required by more recent fishing laws.
