Saint John salmon costs here, duty and all included, about 14 cents per pound. Our first salmon sells at $1 per pound, and so on down to 12 1/2 cents last of season.' 
Salmon at Bucksport has sold to dealers here at 8 cents. Two tons taken at Bucksport and Orland in 24 hours. Average price at retail here for whole season, 25 cents. 
Truly, yours, 
E. M. Stillwell. 
* * * * * * 
STATE OF MAINE, DEPARTMENT OF FISHERIES, Bangor, October 4, 1879. 
DEAR PROFESSOR:  delay in replying to your kind letter has been from no want of courtesy, but a desire to send you required "data" you asked. Neither self nor Mr. Atkins have been able to procure them. weir fishermen keep no records at all, and it is difficult to obtain from them anything reliable; while fishermen above tidewater are a bad set of confirmed poachers, whose only occupation is hunting and fishing both in and out of season. They are always jealous and loth to let us know how nice a thing they make of it, for Afride of us and Afride of competition from their own class. 
Four or five years since put in some 300,000 salmon fry into Mattawamkeag at Bancroft, Eaton, Kingsmore, and at Mattawamkeag village. There are three dams between Mattawamkeag and Bancroft--none less than 12 feet high. About six weeks since Mr. Nathaniel Sweat, a railroad conductor on European and North American Railroad, while fishing for trout from a pier above railroad bridge at Bancroft, hooked a large salmon and lost his line and flies. Salmon in large numbers have been continually jumping below first dam, which is called "Gordon's Falls." 
 colleague, Everett Smith, of Portland, a civil engineer, while making a survey for a fishway, counted 15 salmon jumping in 30 minutes. A Mr. Bailey, who is foreman of repair shop at Mattawamkeag walked up to falls some three weeks since entirely out of curiosity excited by rumors of sight, and counted 60 salmon jumping in about an hour, within half or three-quarters of a mile of falls. This is on Mattawamkeag, which is a great tributary of Penobscot. 
On east branch of Penobscot there has been a great run of salmon. An explorer on Wassattaquoik reported pools literally black with salmon. A party of poachers, hearing rumor, went in from town of Hodgon and killed 25. inclose you a letter to me from Mr. Prentiss, one of our most wealthy and prominent merchants, which speaks for itself: will be obliged to you if you will return this, as shall have situation to use it in  report. 
On West branch of Penobscot hear reports of large numbers of salmon, but breaking of two great dams at Chesancook and North Twin Dam, which holds back great magazine of water of great tributary lakes which feed Penobscot, which is used to drive logs cut in winter, through summer's drought, has let up all fish which hitherto were held back until opening of gates to let logs through. These fish would not, of course, be seen, as they would silently make their way up. 
regret that have nothing of more value to give you. Hoping that this small contribution may at least cheer you as it has me, 
remain, truly, yours, 
E. M. STILWELL, Commissioner of Fisheries for State of Maine. 
* * * * * * 
Prof. SPENCER F. BAIRD, United States Commissioner Fish and Fisheries. BANGOR, October 3, 1879. 
M. STILWELL, Esq., 
DEAR SIR: Prof. C. E. Hamlin of Harvard, and made a trip to Mount Katahdin last month for scientific examination and survey of mountain. had been salmon fishing in July on Grand Bonaventure, on Bay of Chaleur, and could not see why we could not catch salmon on east branch of Penobscot at Hunt place where we crossed it on our way in to Katahdin. thought pool from mouth of Wassatiquoik to Hunt place, about a half-mile, must be an excellent salmon pool, and  guide and people there confirmed this opinion. They said over a hundred salmon had been taken in that one pool this season. nearest settlement, and only one on whole east branch, is about six miles out from there, and young men go on Sundays and fish with drift-nets. No regular fishing for market--only a backwoods local supply can be used. These fish were about of one size--say 8 to 11 pounds. 
There were never enough fish here before to make it worth while for them to drift for them. A few years ago no salmon were caught there at all. Twenty-two years ago, before our fish laws were enacted, farmer at Hunt place used to have a net that went entirely across river clear to bottom, which he kept all time stretched across, and he only used to get two or three salmon a week.
