Saint John salmon costs here, duty and all included,
about 14 cents per pound. Our first salmon sells at $1 per pound, and so on down to 12 1/2
cents the last of the season.'

Salmon at Bucksport has sold to dealers here at 8 cents. Two tons taken at Bucksport and Orland
in 24 hours. Average price at retail here for whole season, 25 cents.

Truly, yours,

E. M. Stillwell.

     *     *     *     *     *     *

STATE OF MAINE, DEPARTMENT OF FISHERIES, Bangor, October 4, 1879.

DEAR PROFESSOR: My delay in replying to your kind letter has been from no want of courtesy,
but a desire to send you the required "data" you asked. Neither myself nor Mr. Atkins have
been able to procure them. The weir fishermen keep no records at all, and it is difficult to
obtain from them anything reliable; while the fishermen above tidewater are a bad set of confirmed
poachers, whose only occupation is hunting and fishing both in and out of season. They are
always jealous and loth to let us know how good a thing they make of it, for fear of us and
fear of competition from their own class.

Four or five years since I put in some 300,000 salmon fry into the Mattawamkeag at Bancroft,
Eaton, Kingsmore, and at Mattawamkeag village. There are three dams between Mattawamkeag and
Bancroft--none less than 12 feet high. About six weeks since Mr. Nathaniel Sweat, a railroad
conductor on the European and North American Railroad, while fishing for trout from a pier
above the railroad bridge at Bancroft, hooked a large salmon and lost his line and flies. Salmon
in great numbers have been continually jumping below the first dam, which is called "Gordon's
Falls."

My colleague, Everett Smith, of Portland, a civil engineer, while making a survey for a fishway,
counted 15 salmon jumping in 30 minutes. A Mr. Bailey, who is foreman of the repair shop at
Mattawamkeag walked up to the falls some three weeks since entirely out of curiosity excited
by the rumors of the sight, and counted 60 salmon jumping in about an hour, within half or
three-quarters of a mile of the falls. This is on the Mattawamkeag, which is a great tributary
of the Penobscot.

On the east branch of the Penobscot there has been a great run of salmon. An explorer on the
Wassattaquoik reported the pools literally black with salmon. A party of poachers, hearing
the rumor, went in from the town of Hodgon and killed 25. I inclose you a letter to me from
Mr. Prentiss, one of our most wealthy and prominent merchants, which speaks for itself: I will
be obliged to you if you will return this, as I shall have occasion to use it in my report.

On the West branch of the Penobscot I hear reports of large numbers of salmon, but the breaking
of the two great dams at Chesancook and the North Twin Dam, which holds back the great magazine
of water of the great tributary lakes which feed the Penobscot, which is used to drive the
logs cut in the winter, through the summer's drought, has let up all the fish which hitherto
were held back until the opening of the gates to let the logs through. These fish would not,
of course, be seen, as they would silently make their way up.

I regret that I have nothing of more value to give you. Hoping that this small contribution
may at least cheer you as it has me,

I remain, truly, yours,

E. M. STILWELL, Commissioner of Fisheries for State of Maine.

     *     *     *     *     *     *

Prof. SPENCER F. BAIRD, United States Commissioner Fish and Fisheries. BANGOR, October 3, 1879.

M. STILWELL, Esq.,

DEAR SIR: Prof. C. E. Hamlin of Harvard, and I made a trip to Mount Katahdin last month for
scientific examination and survey of the mountain. I had been salmon fishing in July on the
Grand Bonaventure, on Bay of Chaleur, and I could not see why we could not catch salmon on
the east branch of the Penobscot at the Hunt place where we crossed it on our way in to Katahdin.
I thought the pool from mouth of Wassatiquoik to the Hunt place, about a half-mile, must be
an excellent salmon pool, and my guide and the people there confirmed this opinion. They said
over a hundred salmon had been taken in that one pool this season. The nearest settlement,
and only one on the whole east branch, is about six miles out from there, and the young men
go on Sundays and fish with drift-nets. No regular fishing for market--only a backwoods local
supply can be used. These fish were about of one size--say 8 to 11 pounds.

There were never enough fish here before to make it worth while for them to drift for them.
A few years ago no salmon were caught there at all. Twenty-two years ago, before our fish laws
were enacted, the farmer at the Hunt place used to have a net that went entirely across the
river clear to the bottom, which he kept all the time stretched across, and he only used to
get two or three salmon a week.
