Saint John salmon costs here about 14 cents per pound, including duty. Our first salmon sells at $1 per pound,now down to 12 1/2 cents the last of the season.'
Two tons taken at Bucksport and Orland in 24 hours. Salmon at Bucksport has sold to dealers here at 8 cents. Average price is 25 cents at retail  for whole season. 

yours truly ,

E. M. Stillwell.

****************

STATE OF MAINE, DEPARTMENT OF FISHERIES, Bangor, October 4, 1879

DEAR PROFESSOR: Desired data is send to you, the  reply is late. Neither myself nor Mr. Atkins have been able to procure details in time. The ordinary fishermen keep no records at all, and  reliable data is rare. The fisherman hunt and fish both in and out of season. They are always fear of us and fear of competition from their own class and jealous to let us know  good a thing they make of it, for fear of us and fear of competition from their own class.

Since the last five years about 300,000 salmon fry have been pit into the Mattawamkeag at Bancroft, Eaton, Kingsmore, and at Mattawamkeag village. There are three dams between Mattawamkeag and Bancroft--none less than 12 feet high. About six weeks since Mr. Nathaniel Sweat, while fishing for trout from a pier above the railroad bridge at Bancroft, hooked a large salmon and lost his line and flies. Salmon  continually jump below "Gordon's Falls"the first dam. 

Everett Smith of Portland, a civil engineer is my colleague, counted 15 salmon jumping in 30 minute,while doing a survey. A Mr. Bailey,hearing the rumor went to see and counted 60 salmon jumping in about an hour, within half or three-quarters of a mile of the falls. These were at Mattawamkeag, which is a great tributary of the Penobscot.

There has been a great run of salmon on the east branch of the Penobscot . An explorer  reported the pools literally black with salmon. A party of poachers, went in from the town of Hodgon and killed 25. I inclose you a letter to me from Mr. Prentiss, one of our most wealthy and prominent merchants, which speaks for itself: I will be obliged to you if you will return this, as I shall have occasion to use it in my report.

On the east branch of the Penobscot there has been a great run of salmon. An explorer on the Wassattaquoik reported the pools literally black with salmon. In  the town of Hodgon poachers  killed 25. I inclose you a letter to me from Mr. Prentiss, a wealthy and prominent merchants, which speaks for itself. Please return this, as I shall have occasion to use it in my report.

Breaking of the two great dams at Chesancook and the North Twin Dam, holds back good quantity of water  which feed the Penobscot. On the West branch of the Penobscot there are large numbers of salmon, is used to drive the logs cut in the winter, through the summer's drought, has let up all the fish which hitherto were held back until the opening of the gates to let the logs through. These fish could not  be seen, as they would silently make their way up.

I regret that I have nothing of more value to give you. Hoping that this will cheer you,

I remain, truly, yours,

E. M. STILWELL, Commissioner of Fisheries for State of Maine.

***********

Prof. SPENCER F. BAIRD, United States Commissioner Fish and Fisheries. BANGOR, October 3, 1879.

M. STILWELL, Esq.,

DEAR SIR: Prof. C. E. Hamlin of Harvard, and I made a trip to Mount Katahdin last month for scientific examination and survey of the mountain. I had been salmon fishing in July on the Grand Bonaventure, on Bay of Chaleur,we could catch salmon on the east branch of the Penobscot at the Hunt place where we crossed it on our way in to Katahdin.  The pool about a half-mile from mouth of Wassatiquoik to the Hunt place, must be an excellent salmon pool. My guide and the people there confirmed this opinion. They said over a hundred salmon had been taken in that one pool this season. The nearest settlement, and only one on the whole east branch, is about six miles out from there. The young men go on Sundays and fish with drift-nets. No regular fishing for market, only a  local supply can be used. These fish were about of one size--say 8 to 11 pounds.

There were never enough fish here them to drift. A few years ago no salmon were caught there at all. Twenty-two years ago, before our fish laws were enacted, the farmer at the Hunt place used to have a net that went entirely across the river clear to the bottom, which he kept all the time stretched across, to get two or three salmon a week.
