Here, Saint John salmon costs about 14 cents per pound, including duty and all. The first salmon sells for a dollar per pound, and so on until it reaches 12 1/2 cents the last of the season.'

Bucksport salmon has been sold to dealers here at 8 cents a pound. In 24 hours, two tons taken at Orland and Bucksport. Average retail price the whole season here, 25 cents.

Yours sincerely,

E.M. Stillwell

-------

STATE OF MAINE, DEPARTMENT OF FISHERIES,
Bangor, October 4, 1879

DEAR PROFESSOR: This delayed response to your kind letter has not been from want of courtesy, but rather the desire to send you the required "data" as requested. Neither I nor Mr. Atkins have been able to obtain them. The weir fisherman do not keep any records, and it is a challenge to procure anything reliable from them; while the above-tidewater fishermen are a poor band of established poachers, whose sole occupation is to hunt and fish both in and out of the season. They are jealous always, and most reluctant to inform us of what a good thing they make of it, fearing us and fearing competition within their own class.

Four or five years after I put approximately three hundred thousand salmon fry into the Mattawamkeag at Bancroft, Kingsmore, Eaton, and Mattawamkeag village. Three dams exist between Mattawamkeag and Bancroft, the least of which exceeds twelve feet high. About six weeks later, a railroad conductor of the European and North American Railroad by the name of Mr. Nathaniel Sweat hooked a sizable salmon, losing his line and flies while trout fishing from a pier situated above the Bancroft railroad bridge. Great quantities of salmon have continually been jumping below that first dam, known as "Gordon's Falls."

My Portland colleague, civil engineer Everett Smith, counted 15 salmon jumping in 30 minutes while conducting a survey for a fishway. A certain Mr. Bailey, foreman of the Mattawamkeag repair shop, walked to the falls about three weeks since from sheer curiosity resulting from rumors of the sight to be seen, and counted 60 salmon jumping in the span of an hour, within a space of a half or three-quarters of a mile of the falls. This occurred on the Mattawamkeag, a large tributary of the Penobscot.

There has been a large run of salmon on the eastern branch of the Penobscot. An explorer on the Wassattaquoik claimed the pools to be literally black with the salmon. A group of poachers, having heard the rumor, came in from Hodgon and killed as many as twenty-five. Enclosed is a letter from Mr. Prentiss, one of our wealthiest and most prominent merchants, which needs no further explanation: I would be much obliged if you could return this document, as it will likely come in handy in my report.

I hear reports of great quantities of salmon on the west branch of the Penobscot, but since the collapse of two significant dams at Chesancook and the North Twin Dam, which hold back the immense store of water from the sizable tributary lakes feeding the Penobscot and is used to the drive winter's cut logs through the droughts of summer, has released the entire stock of fish which were previously impeded until the gate were opened to allow the lumber to pass through. Of course these fish would not be seen as they made their way up in silence.

It is my regret that I have no more valuable information to share with you. I hope only that this minimal contribution might bring you the joy it has brought me,

I remain, yours truly,

E.M. STILWELL, Commissioner of Fisheries for State of Maine.

------

Prof. SPENCER F. BAIRD, United States Commissioner Fish and Fisheries. BANGOR, October 3, 1879.

M. STILWELL, Esq.,

DEAR SIR: Harvard Professor C.E. Hamlin and I lately ventured to Mount Katahdin this previous month for a scientific exploration and survey of the aforementioned mount. In July, I had been salmon fishing on the Grand Bonaventure, more specifically on Bay of Chaleur, and I failed to see why it would not be possible to fish for salmon at the Hunt place along the east branch of the Penobscot where we crossed as we made our way to the Katahdin. I considered that the pool from the mouth of Wassatiquoik to the Hunt place, a distance of approximately half a mile, must be a superior salmon pool, an opinion which my guide and the local people confirmed. They claimed salmon in excess of a hundred had been taken from that single pool in this season alone. The closest settlement, and the only one to be found on the whole of the east branch, is about six miles' distance from there, and the more youthful men go on Sundays, fishing with drift-nets. No consistent fishing for market--the only supply that may be used is backwoods and local. These fish were of a singular size, about eight to eleven pounds apiece.

There never used to be enough fish in the area to make the time spent drifting for them worthwhile. A few years ago, not a single salmon was caught there. Twenty-two years ago, in that time before the enacting of our fish laws, the Hunt place farmer had a net that stretched across the river all the way to the bottom, which he kept permanently in place, and only used to catch two or three salmon weekly.
