And, in fact, I observed
many little things, trifling in themselves, but much to me after my thoughts were once turned
that way.

Sometimes I think, that, if I had never gone to sea, or had never met Jamie, or had not brought
him home, my life might have been very different. But then, if we once begin upon the "ifs,"
we might as well go back to the beginning, and say, "If we had never been born."

Jealousy. And my proud, flashy temper. That was it.

Jamie was like a brother to me. He was a noble fellow, with a pleasant word and smile for everybody.
Not a family in the place but was glad to see him enter their doors. It looks strange now that
I could have distrusted him so. Still, I must say, there seemed some cause.

But it's not pleasant dwelling on this. The daily events which stirred me up so then seem too
trifling to mention. I don't like to call up all those dead feelings, now I'm an old man, and
ashamed of them.

Jamie and Margaret became a mystery to me. And I was by no means one to puzzle it out, as I
would a sum in the rule-of-three. 'Twas not all head-work. However, I said nothing. I was mean
enough to watch, and too proud to question.

At last I began to ask myself what I really knew about Jamie. He was only a poor sailor-boy,
whom I had picked up and befriended. And, once put upon thought, what did I know of Margaret?
What did anybody in the place? Even Mr. Nathaniel only knew her father. Her simple, childish
ways might be all put on. For she could act. I had seen her, one evening, for our entertainment,
imitate the actresses upon the stage. First, she was a little girl, in a white frock, with
a string of coral about her neck, and curls hanging over her pretty shoulders. She said a little
hymn, and her voice sounded just like a child's. Afterwards, she was a proud princess, in laces
and jewels, a long train, and a bright crown. Dressed in this way, with her head thrown back,
her bosom heaving, and reciting something she had heard on the stage, we hardly knew our Margaret.

It was at our house, one stormy evening. Mother would never allow it again. She said it was
countenancing the theatre. Besides, I thought she'd rather not have me look at Margaret when
under the excitement of acting, for the next day she cautioned me against earthly idols. But
Margaret was my idol.

It was because she was so bewitching to me that I thought it could not be but that Jamie must
be bewitched as well. And it was because he was so taking in his manner that I felt certain
she must be taken with him. Thus I puzzled on from day to day, drifting about among my doubts
and fears, like a ship in a fog.

I knew that Margaret thought my conduct strange. Sometimes I seemed scarcely to live away from
her; then I would change about, and not go near her for days. To Jamie, too, I was often unfriendly,
for it maddened me to think he might be playing a double game. Mary seemed just as she always
did. But then she was simple-minded, and would never suspect anything or anybody. It was astonishing,
the state of excitement I finally worked myself into. That was my make. Once started upon a
road, I would run its whole length.

       *       *       *       *       *

February and March passed, and still we were not sent for to join our ship. Jamie was getting
uneasy, living, as he said, so long upon strangers. Besides, I knew my manner troubled him.

One evening, as we were sitting around our kitchen-fire, Margaret with the rest, Mr. Nathaniel
came in, all of a breeze, scolding away about his fishermen. His schooner was all ready for
The Banks, and two of his men had run off, with all their fitting-out.

"Come, you two lazy chaps," said he, "you will just do to fill their places."

"Agreed!" said Jamie. "I'll go, if Joseph will."

"I'll go," said I. For I thought in a minute that he would rather not leave me behind, and
I knew he needed the chance.

The women all began to exclaim against it,--all but Margaret. She turned pale, and kept silence.
That was Friday. The vessel would sail Monday. Mother was greatly troubled, but said, if I
would go, she must make me comfortable; and all night I could hear her opening and shutting
the bureau-drawers. Margaret stopped with Mary: I think they sewed till near morning.
