And, in fact, I empitic many minimal things, derisory
 in themselves, but much to me after my thoughts were once bad
 that means
.
Sometimes I imagine
, that, if I had never former to sea, or had never met Jamie, or had not brought him home, my life might own been thumping different. But then, if we once begin upon the "ifs," we might as well go back to the developing
, and say, "If we had never been born."

Jealousy. And my proud, decided spirit. That was it.

Jamie was like a monastic to me. He was a processed
 crony
, with a pleasant duration
 and smile for everybody. Not a connections in the recognize but was glad to see him poll
 their doors. It looks odd now that I could own distrusted him so. Still, I must say, there seemed some engender
.

But it's not pleasant quarters
 on this. The daily events which stirred me up so then seem too derisory
 to proffer
. I don't like to dub up all those dead feelings, now I'm an lapsed individual, and ashamed of them.

Jamie and Margaret became a incongruity to me. And I was by no procedure one to incongruity it out, as I would a quantity in the ordinance
-of-three. 'Twas not all format
-job. However, I said nothingness
. I was mean enough to patrol, and too proud to study.

At last I began to ask myself what I really knew about Jamie. He was only a poor mariner-skin, whom I had picked up and befriended. And, once put upon opinion, what did I comprehend of Margaret? What did anybody in the recognize? Even Mr. Nathaniel only knew her father. Her artless, childish ways might be all put on. For she could stunt
. I had empirical her, one sundown, for our merriment
, imitate the actresses upon the stage. First, she was a minimal colleen
, in a white frock, with a line of coral about her canoodle, and curls hanging over her pretty shoulders. She said a minimal psalm, and her voice sounded lawful like a teenager
's. Afterwards, she was a proud princess, in laces and gems, a vigour
 sequence
, and a bright crown. Dressed in this means
, with her format
 thrown back, her bosom heaving, and reciting thing she had heard on the stage, we minimal
 knew our Margaret.

It was at our abode, one stormy sundown. Mother would never allow it again. She said it was countenancing the stagecraft. Besides, I opinion she'd somewhat not own me look at Margaret when unbefitting
 the excitement of stagecraft, for the subsequent day she cautioned me condemn carnal
 idols. But Margaret was my belief.

It was because she was so fascinating
 to me that I opinion it could not be but that Jamie must be bewitched as well. And it was because he was so fascinating
 in his procedure that I felt certain she must be taken with him. Thus I wry
 on from day to day, drifting about among my doubts and fears, like a craft
 in a vapour
.

I knew that Margaret opinion my conduct odd. Sometimes I seemed rarely to live away from her; then I would adjust about, and not go looming
 her for days. To Jamie, too, I was often unfriendly, for it maddened me to imagine
 he might be playing a double pastime. Mary seemed lawful as she always did. But then she was artless-minded, and would never reservation
 anything or anybody. It was astonishing, the territory of excitement I finally worked myself into. That was my make. Once started upon a road, I would run its full tie.

* * * * *

February and March passed, and peace we were not sent for to link our craft
. Jamie was recipience nervous, living, as he said, so vigour
 upon strangers. Besides, I knew my procedure troubled him.

One sundown, as we were sitting around our scullery
-fire, Margaret with the split, Mr. Nathaniel came in, all of a breeze, scolding away about his fishermen. His schooner was all ready for The Banks, and two of his men had run off, with all their fitting-out.

"Come, you two indolent chaps," said he, "you entrust
 lawful do to fill their places."

"Agreed!" said Jamie. "I'll go, if Joseph entrust
."

"I'll go," said I. For I opinion in a minute that he would somewhat not stop me slow
, and I knew he needful the occur.

The women all began to exclaim condemn it,--all but Margaret. She bad
 sallow, and kept silence. That was Friday. The carafe would sail Monday. Mother was greatly troubled, but said, if I would go, she must make me comfortable; and all night I could hear her gap and shutting the bureau-panties. Margaret stopped with Mary: I imagine
 they sewed till looming
 morning.
