Actually, I saw lots of little things. They didn't mean much individually, but when I thought about them as a group, they seemed more important. 

Sometimes I wonder what might have been. I went to sea, I met Jamie, I brought him home. What might have been, if I had not done those things? Things might be very different now. In fact, they would be very different, I am sure. However, there's not much point in reflecting on what-ifs. If you start doing that, you may as well wonder what if you hadn't been born.

The problem is, I'm a proud, jealous person, and lose my temper easily. I really liked Jamie. He was a great friend, and a great guy. He always had a good word and a smile for everyone. Everyone liked him. And yet, at the time of which I write, I didn't know if I could trust him. To me, it seemed like there was a reason not to. I don't like thinking about this. It was a long time ago. I'm old now, and I'm not proud of the feelings I had back then. 

I didn't understand the whole Jamie and Margaret thing. I couldn't figure it out. It wasn't a mathematical problem. Humans aren't straighforward like numbers. But I didn't say anything. No way was I going to ask them. I watched pettily, and kept quiet. 

Eventually, I began to wonder. What did I really know about Jamie? I had become friends with him, taken him under my wing, when he was just a penniless young sailor. And come to think of it, I knew scarcely more about Margaret! Nobody did. Mr. Nathanial knew her dad, but that was it. I knew she could act, because one stormy night she had entertained us by pretending to be a stage actress. She had assumed three different roles that night, and we hardly recognized her. Mother disapproved, but I found her enchanting.  Since she was such a little actress, perhaps her normal girlish ways could be all an act as well. 

Mother was a devout religious type, and warned me about people like that, and about "worshipping" human beings. But I did worship Margaret. She was wonderful. I found her so wonderful, in fact, that I couldn't imagine that Jamie did not feel the same way. And he was such a likeable guy, I figured that Margaret must like him very much indeed. I couldn't stop thinking about them, worrying and doubting, day after day. 

Margaret must have found my behavior weird. Sometimes I was constantly by her side, other times I would refuse to see her for days on end. I treated Jamie in much the same way; the possibility that he could be two-timing drove me crazy. Mary didn't notice any of this, but she was a naïve soul, and not too bright. She trusted everyone. I eventually worked myself up into quite a frenzy. That's the way I was, it was always all-or-nothing with me. 

After February and March, our ship still hadn't sent for us. Jamie said he wasn't comfortable living off our charity for so long. The fact that I was acting weird couldn't have helped. Finally, one Friday evening, Mr. Nathanial came in gustily, complainging about his fishermen. His ship was prepared to set out on the Monday, and just then two of his men had fled, taking their kit with them. 

"Jamie and Joseph can fill their places," he said. 
Jamie said he would go, if I would. I too agreed, as I knew he needed the opportunity. All the females started protesting loudly, except for margaret. She just went white and said nothing. Mother was none too happy, but said that if I must go, she would at least try to make the trip less uncomfortable for me. She was up all night going through dresser drawers. Margaret stayed sewing with Mary until almost daybreak.
