Time, however, which blunts the edge of the keenest misfortunes, seemed
to restore him to his former self.

Years passed away. Some time before the commencement of this legend, the Baron lost his path
whilst hunting, and was benighted in the forest. After much fatigue, he was attracted by a
light amongst trees which he found to proceed from a low building. It was in a state of extreme
dilapidation, though a sort of wing appeared to have been recently tenanted. His knocks for
admittance not having been answered, he lifted up the latch and boldly entered. Nothing greeted
his sight save the almost extinguished remains of a fire. The apartment was lone and destitute
of furniture. Having bestowed Hans as well as he could, he laid himself on the floor; while
he felt an extreme chillness of spirits, which he endeavoured in vain to shake off; he was
soon buried in sleep.

He was awakened by a noise resembling the strokes of many hammers. He conceived his senses
must be wandering, for he found that he was at the entrance of the amphitheatre of rocks near
the dwelling of the solitaire. The same group of figures appeared, and it was not long before
a voice, which he knew to be that of Heidelberger, slowly repeated the following chant:--

  Woe to him who dares intrude
  Upon our midnight solitude!
  Woe to him whose faith is broken--
  Better he had never spoken.
  'Ere twelve moons shall pass away,
  Thou wilt he beneath our sway.
  Drear the doom, and dark the fate
  Of him who rashly dares our hate!

  Deceive me once, I tell thee never
  Shall thy soul and body sever!
  Under the greenwood wilt thou lie,
  Nor shall thou there unheeded die.
  Mortal, thou my vengeance brave,
  Thou had'st better seen thy grave.
  Drear the doom, and dark the fate
  Of him who rashly dares our hate!

Meanwhile the Baron had sunk into a state of insensibility. When he awoke from his trance it
was broad daylight, and the birds were singing merrily around the ruin.

After this adventure, the Baron resumed many of his old habits; and sought by deeper dissipation
to dispel the visions of the past. His son was now grown up a sickly youth, and his father's
inquietude about him was so great that he would not suffer him for a moment to be out of the
sight of his attendants.

The year rolled on without any harm befalling the Baron, and his spirits lightened as the time
advanced. He had almost forgotten the circumstance, when on the day preceding that of the anniversary
of the adventure just related, a grand hunting party was proposed, it being the birth-day of
his son. We now return to the situation in which we left the Baron at the beginning of this legend.

The forest seemed to the exhausted Rudolf, almost interminable, and this provoking horn perplexed
him sadly. On this night the dreaded twelve-months expired. The bare thought made him redouble
his speed. The darkness seemed increasing, and the flapping of the bats and hoarse croaking
of the night birds, disturbed by his progress through the branches, did not add to his comfort;
when to his great joy, he felt a strong current of air, and found that he had at last apparently
emerged from the thickest of the forest. The moon was now beginning to cast her "peerless light"
over the scene, and Rudolf perceived he was in an extensive amphitheatre or opening of the
trees, which he could not recollect ever having seen before, bounded at a short distance by
what seemed a small lake, near the centre of which grew a large and solitary pine.

The moon had now fully risen. Hans who had been flagging for some time, fell suddenly lame.
From this fresh misfortune the Baron was aroused by the well known baying of his gallant stag-hounds.
"Aiglette and Caspar are not baying after nothing," thought he. He was not long in suspense.
To his extreme amazement, the identical boar which had caused all his trouble and fatigue,
appeared closely followed by both the dogs.

"Donner et blitzen," exclaimed the Baron, using the first oath that came uppermost, "but this
exceeds belief." The boar no sooner perceived him than he turned upon him with the utmost fury.
The Baron hastily dismounted under the aged tree, though he was stiff and fatigued, for Hans
was now utterly incapable of exertion.
