Over a period of time, I began to revert back to the personality traits I had attained years ago.

Time passed on with little change in my circumstances.  One night, I got lost in the woods while hunting, and was trapped in the forst overnight - unable to find my way back home. I grew tired and weary as I traveled through the forest trying to find some sign of civilization.  Suddenly, I saw some light through the trees.  As I approached the light I noticed that it was coming from a strange looking building.  The building looked old and worn down as if no one had attended to it for years.  However, the building also had wing which looked as if it had been recently added - very strange indeed.  In my present state, however, I felt no reluctance to banging on the door to acquire admittance.  After several attempts at knocking, with no answers, I decided to try to gain entrance to the building by myself.  I lifted the latch and entered the building.  I looked around in the dim light and saw nothing but the charred remains of a fire lit long ago.  The room was totally empty - abandoned.  I prayed to the Gods to thank them for this shelter.  I then fell upon the floor, noticing the damp, coldness, but unable to care due to my weariness.  Soon I had fallen into a deep sleep.

My restless slumber was interrupted by the beating of drumsticks on my skull.  Wakening, I came to the realization that I was losing my mind.  THe room had changed as I slept - I was taken back to that circle of rocks.  I saw the familiar group of figures and heard the voice of Heidelberger rhythmically speaking:

Beware to the stranger who invades our privacy. He has provoked our wrath.  We shall possess his soul before the year is ended.  If this soul cannot prove his loyalty, then his body and soul will be ours forever.

Upon hearing these words I sank into a deep sleep of protection.  My mind could not handle the words or the atmosphere produced by them.  When I awoke, it was bright daylight and the forest was alive with animal sounds.

I returned to my home and fought against the visions I had seen.  I wrapped myself in ordinariness.  My days became ritualistic - soothing and steady.  My only passion was my son.  He was fully grown now, but had grown into a young man of frail health.  I insisted that he be accompanied wherever he went.  He was my only bright light in the madness, and I could not suffer his loss. 

Over time, the memories of that day began to fade.  My strength of spirit began to bolster and grow.  I had almost forgotten the warning of the passage of the year.  I was excited about the hunting party that was created to mark the birth of my son.

Entering the forest, I was innundated with the sounds and smells that marked the cleaness, the earthiness of the setting.  I began to grow uneasy as I progressed through the forest.  My mind returned to the thought that the year mark would end tonight.  I suddenly felt a lifting of my soul as I felt a gentle breeze and a lift of the darkness - I was emerging from the forest.  As I walked into an opening, I noticed a single pone tree growing in the middle of a small lake.  I had never seen this area before, and it surprised me, as I knew this forest and the land.

 SUddenly, my progress was impeded as my beloved horse, halted and was unable to move any further.  In the distance I could hear the hunting party - the baying of the hounds after some unknown beast.  I was suddenly surprised as the baying came closer, and out of the woods into the clearing came that familiar, yet dreaded creature that had caused so much trouble. 

I stared in disbelief with a swear on my tongue.  THe boar turned to me with anger and fury written within its features.  I knew I would have to take my chances with this creature - my horse was incapable of going on.  I was on my own.
