
A Shakespearean trick is copied in such lines as:

                    All other women's praise
     Makes part of my blame, and things of least account
     In them are all my praises.

And there is a jester who talks in a metre that might have come straight out of Beaumont and
Fletcher, as here:

     I am considering of that apple still;
     It hangs in the mouth yet sorely; I would fain know too
     Why nettles are not good to eat raw. Come, children,
     Come, my sweet scraps; come, painted pieces; come.

Touches of the early Browning come into this Elizabethan work, come and go there, as in these
lines:

     What are you made God's friend for but to have
     His hand over your head to keep it well
     And warm the rainy weather through, when snow
     Spoils half the world's work?

And does one not hear Beddoes in the grim line, spoken of the earth:

     Naked as brown feet of unburied men?

An influence still more closely contemporary seems to be felt in Fair Rosamond, the influence
of that extraordinarily individual blank verse which William Morris had made his first and
last experiment in, two years earlier, in Sir Peter Harpdon's End.

So many influences, then, are seen at work on the form at least of these two plays, published
at the age of twenty-three. Fair Rosamond, though it has beautiful lines here and there, and
shows some anticipation of that luxurious heat and subtle rendering of physical sensation which
was to be so evident in the Poems and Ballads, is altogether a less mature piece of work, less
satisfactory in every way, than the longer and more regular drama of The Queen-Mother. Swinburne
speaks of the two pieces without distinction, and finds all that there is in them of promise
or of merit 'in the language and the style of such better passages as may perhaps be found
in single and separable speeches of Catherine and of Rosamond.' But the difference between
these speeches is very considerable. Those of Rosamond are wholly elegiac, lamentations and
meditations recited, without or against occasion. In the best speeches of Catherine there is
not only a more masculine splendour of language, a firmer cadence, there is also some indication
of that 'power to grapple with the realities and subtleties of character and of motive' which
Swinburne finds largely lacking in them. A newspaper critic, reviewing the book in 1861, said:
'We should have conceived it hardly possible to make the crimes of Catherine de' Medici dull,
however they were presented. Swinburne, however, has done so.' It seems to me, on the contrary,
that the whole action, undramatic as it is in the strict sense of the theatre, is breathlessly
interesting. The two great speeches of the play, the one beginning 'That God that made high
things,' and the one beginning 'I would fain see rain,' are indeed more splendid in execution
than significant as drama, but they have their dramatic significance, none the less. There
is a Shakespearean echo, but is there not also a preparation of the finest Swinburnian harmonies,
in such lines as these?

                          I should be mad,
     I talk as one filled through with wine; thou God,
     Whose thunder is confusion of the hills,
     And with wrath sown abolishes the fields,
     I pray thee if thy hand would ruin us,
     Make witness of it even this night that is
     The last for many cradles, and the grave
     Of many reverend seats; even at this turn,
     This edge of season, this keen joint of time,
     Finish and spare not.

The verse is harder, tighter, more closely packed with figurative meaning than perhaps any
of Swinburne's later verse. It is less fluid, less 'exuberant and effusive' (to accept two
epithets of his own in reference to the verse of Atalanta in Calydon). He is ready to be harsh
when harshness is required, abrupt for some sharp effect; he holds out against the enervating
allurements of alliteration; he can stop when he has said the essential thing.

In the first book of most poets there is something which will be found in no other book; some
virginity of youth, lost with the first intercourse with print. In The Queen-Mother and Rosamond
Swinburne is certainly not yet himself, he has not yet settled down within his own limits.
