A trick of Shakespeare is copied as the following lines: 

All praise to other women is part of my fault, and things of at least an account with all my praise. 

And it's not a fool who speaks in a meter that could be out of Beaumont and Fletcher, as here: 

I'm thinking of that apple still, hanging in the mouth is still sore, I wonder also why no nettles are good to eat raw. Come, children, Come, my sweet remains, see, painted parts, see. 

Hints of early entry into this work Browning Elizabethan come and go there, as in these lines: 

What did the friend of God, but to have his hand on her head to keep it hot and rainy weather through, when the snow booty through the world of work? 

And you do not hear Beddoes dark line, which speaks of the earth: 

Bare brown legs unburied men? 

An even more closely contemporary influence seems to feel at the Fair Rosamond, the influence of the individual extra blank verse William Morris had made his first experiment and the last two years earlier, Sir Peter Harpdon End. 

So many influences, then, are at work in the form, at least, of these two plays, published at the age of twenty. Fair Rosamond, but it has beautiful lines here and there, and shows some anticipation that the heat of luxury and subtle representation of the physical sensation that would be so evident in poems and ballads, is altogether a less mature piece of work less satisfactory in every way, as the more regular drama and the Queen Mother. Swinburne speaks of two parts, without distinction, and find everything in them the promise or merit "in the language and style of such passages as may best be found in the individual speeches and separable from Catalina Rosamond. "But the difference between these speeches is very considerable. The Rosamond are entirely elegiac lamentations and meditations recited, without or against time. In the best speeches of Catherine is not only more masculine splendor of language, a stronger cadence, there is also some indication that "the power to deal with the realities and subtleties of nature and motives" that Swinburne is largely lacking them. A newspaper critic, reviewing the book in 1861, said: "We should have designed almost impossible to make the crimes of Catherine de Medici boring, however it is presented. Swinburne, however, has. "I think, however, that any action, undramatic as it is in the strict sense of theater, it is interesting breath. The two great speeches of the play, which begins with" The God who made great things and the beginning 'I would like to see the rain, are actually more beautiful in implementing important as the theater, but are important drama, however. There is an echo of Shakespeare, but there is also a development of best Swinburnian harmonies, broadly how are you? 

I must be crazy, I speak as half full of wine, thou God, the thunder of who is the confusion of the hills, planted with anger and deleted the field, I pray that if we ruin your hand, Make witness that even this night is the last for many cradle and the grave of the Rev. many seats, even at this time, this advantage of the season, this time of acute joint, Finish, and no mistake. 

The verse is harder, tighter, more compact, with a figurative sense than perhaps any verse of Swinburne later. It is less fluid, less "exuberant and effusive '(accept two epithets of their own in reference to the verses of Atalanta in Calydon). He is willing to be tough when toughness is required, abrupt in some acute effect, it is against unnerving attraction of alliteration, he can stop when he essentially says. 

In the first book of most poets there is something to be found in any other book, and some youth virginity, lost with the first sexual relationship with the printing. In The Queen-Mother and Rosamond Swinburne is not yet himself, has not yet established within their own limits.
