Sky Blue Silk or Cotton -
Use a solution of one gallon water to two ounces blue vitriol.  Dip your cloth in the solution for fifteen minutes, then run lime water over the cloth. The color is vibrant and long-lasting.

Brown Silk or Cotton -
Create Sky Blue above, then run the cloth through a solution of one gallon water to one ounce prussiate of potash.

Light Blue -
Use one gallon water to one-half tablespoon alum.  Add your cloth, then add one teacupful hot water, then add chemic one teaspoonful at a time until the cloth is the desired color.

Wool --
Chrome Black-
For five pounds cloth: Boil in six ounces of blue vitriol for a few minutes, then remove the cloth.  Every fifteen minutes, dip the cloth again.  Then, boil for 30 minues in three pounds log-wood.  Remove cloth, let it air, then soak it for 45 minutes.  Air it again, soak for another 45 minutes.  Wash in strong soapy water.  Sun exposure won't fade the color.

Wine-colored -
For five pounds cloth: Boil cloth in two pounds camwood for fifteen minutes.  Air, soak for 30 minutes.  Repeat once.  Now add one-and-a-half ounces blue vitriol to darken; add one-half ounce copperas to darken more.

Scarlet-
For one pound cloth: Boil cloth in one-half ounce cream of tarter, one-half ounce cochineal, two-and-a-half ounces muriate of tin.  Work briskly for ten to fifteen minutes, then let boil one and one-half hours.  Stir occassionally.  Wash in clear water and dry out of the sun.

Pink-
For three pounds cloth: Bring three ounces alum to a boil.  Soak cloth one hour, then add four ounces cream of tartar and one ounce pulverized cochineal.  Bring solution back to boil and boil cloth until color is achieved.

Blue-
Two pounds cloth: Boil cloth in five ounces alum and three ounces cream of tartar.  Remove cloth, place in warm water.  Boil, adding extract of indigo until desired color is created.

Madder Red-
One pound cloth: Boil cloth in five ounces alum and one ounce of red or cream of tartar for one-half our.  Let them air, then boil one more half hour.  Create new solution of one peck bran, let bran rise.  Skim off risen bran and add one-half pound madder, add cloth and heat to a boil.  Wash in strong suds.

Green-
One pound cloth: Steep one pound fustic and three and one-half ounces alum until strength is out.  Soak cloth until yellow; remove chips, add extract of indigo or chemic until color suits.

Dark Brown-
Five pounds cloth: Boil one pound camwood, add cloth 45 minutes.  Remove cloth, add two and one-half pounds fustic.  Boil ten minutes, then soak cloth 45 minutes.  Add one ounce blue vitriol and four ounces copperas. Soak another half hour.  Add more copperas for darker color.

Brown-
Boil cloth in a mordant of two parts alum to three parts copperas.  Rinse cloth in bath of madder.  Use more copperas for darker cloth.  Weight of alum plus copperas should not exceed 1/8 weight of cloth.

Orange-
Five pounds cloth:
Boil four ounces argol and six tablespoonfuls muriate of tin.  Soak cloth one hour, add one teacupful of madder, soak 30 minutes.  Use two ounces cochineal instead of madder for brighter color.

Purple-
One pound cloth: Rinse cloth well in soap suds, then dissolve two ounces cudbear in hot suds.  Do not boil.  Soak cloth until desired color is achieved.  Rinse in alum water for a brighter color.
