
Sky Blue on Silk or Cotton--Very Beautiful:--Give goods as much color from a solution of blue
vitriol two ounces, to water one gallon, as it will take up in dipping fifteen minutes; then
run it through lime water. This will make a beautiful and durable sky blue.

Brown on Silk or Cotton--Very Beautiful:--After obtaining a blue color as above, run goods
through a solution of prussiate of potash one ounce, to water one gallon.

Light Blue:--For cold water one gallon, dissolve alum one-half tablespoonful, in hot water
one teacupful, and add to it; then add chemic, one teaspoonful at a time to obtain the desired
color--the more chemic the darker the color.

WOOLEN GOODS.

Chrome Black--Best in Use:--For five pounds of goods, blue vitriol six ounces; boil a few minutes,
then dip the goods three-fourths of an hour, airing often; take out the goods, make a dye with
three pounds of log-wood, boil one-half hour; dip three-fourths of an hour, air goods, and
dip three-fourths of an hour more. Wash in strong suds. This will not fade by exposure to sun.

Wine Color:--For five pounds of goods, camwood two pounds; boil fifteen minutes and dip the
goods one-half hour; boil again and dip one-half hour then darken with blue vitriol one and
one-half ounces; if not dark enough, add copperas one-half ounce.

Scarlet--Very Fine:--For one pound of goods, cream of tartar one-half ounce, cochineal, well
pulverized, one half ounce, muriate of tin two and one-half ounces; boil up the dye and enter
the goods; work them briskly for ten or fifteen minutes, then boil one and one-half hours,
stirring goods slowly while boiling. Wash in clear water and dry in the shade.

Pink:--For three pounds of goods, alum three ounces; boil and dip the goods one hour, then
add to the dye, cream of tartar four ounces, cochineal, well pulverized, one ounce; boil well
and dip the goods while boiling until the color suits.

Blue--Quick Process:--For two pounds of goods, alum five ounces, cream of tartar three ounces;
boil goods in this one hour, then put them into warm water which has more or less extract of
indigo in it, according to the depth of color desired, and boil again until it suits, adding
more of the blue if needed.

Madder Red:--To each pound of goods, alum five ounces, red or cream of tartar one ounce. Put
in the goods and bring the kettle to a boil for one-half hour; then air them and boil one-half
hour longer; empty the kettle and fill with clean water; put in bran one peck; make it milk-warm,
and let it stand until the bran rises; then skim off the bran and put in one-half pound madder;
put in the goods and heat slowly until it boils and is done. Wash in strong suds.

Green:--For each pound of goods, fustic one pound, with alum three and one-half ounces; steep
until strength is out, and soak the goods therein until a good yellow is obtained, then remove
the chips, and add extract of indigo or chemic, one tablespoonful at a time, until color suits.

Snuff Brown, Dark:--For five pounds of goods, camwood one pound; boil it fifteen minutes; then
dip the goods three-fourths of an hour; take them out and add to the dye two and one-half pounds
fustic; boil ten minutes, and dip the goods three-fourths of an hour; then add blue vitriol
one ounce, copperas four ounces; dip again one-half hour. If not dark enough add more copperas.

Another Method--Any Shade:--Boil the goods in a mordant of alum two parts, copperas three parts;
then rinse them through a bath of madder. The tint depends on the relative proportions of the
copperas and alum; the more copperas, the darker the dye; joint weight of both should not be
more than one-eighth of weight of goods. Mixtures of reds and yellows with blues and blacks,
or simple dyes, will make any shade.

Orange:--For five pounds of goods, muriate of tin six tablespoonfuls, argol four ounces; boil
and dip one hour and add again to the dye one teacupful of madder; dip again one-half hour.
Cochineal, about two ounces, in place of madder, makes a much brighter color.

Purple:--For each pound of goods, two ounces of cudbear; rinse the goods well in soap-suds,
then dissolve cudbear in hot suds--not quite boiling, and soak the goods until of required
color. The color is brightened by rinsing in alum water.
