Blue sky silk or cotton - very beautiful: - Give the goods both color blue vitriol solution of two ounces, a gallon of water, as it will take fifteen minutes of immersion, then run water through cal. This will make a beautiful blue sky and durable. 

Brown silk or cotton - very beautiful: - After obtaining a blue color as aforesaid, run through a solution of potassium prussiate one ounce, one gallon water. 

Celeste: - For one gallon cold water, dissolve one half teaspoon of alum in hot water one teacupful, and add to it, then add ischemic, a teaspoon at a time to get the desired color - the most ischemic more dark color. 

Wool. 

Black Chrome - Best used: - For five pounds of goods, blue vitriol six ounces; boil a few minutes, then dip the goods three quarters of an hour, which is often transmitted; remove the products, make a tincture with three pounds of log-wood, boil half an hour, dipping three-quarters of an hour, the assets of air, and immersion of three quarters of an hour. Wash with strong foam. This is not going to disappear due to sun exposure. 

Wine color: - For five pounds of goods, Leva two pounds, fifteen minutes to boil and immerse the goods of one and a half, boil again and dip half an hour and then darken with blue vitriol, one ounce and a half, and if not dark enough, add copperas half ounce. 

Scarlet - Very Good: - For a pound of goods, cream of tartar, half oz, cochineal, well pulverized, half ounce, two ounce tin chloride and a half, boil the dye and get the goods; I work hard for ten or fifteen minutes, then boil half an hour, stirring slowly the goods while boiling. Rinse with clean water and dry in the shade. 

Rosa: - For three pounds of goods, alum three ounces, boil and immerse the goods of one hour, then add the dye, cream of tartar, four ounces, cochineal, well pulverized, one ounce, boil it and dip the goods during boiling until the color suits. 

Blue - Fast processing - For two pounds of goods, alum five ounces, three ounces cream of tartar, boil the goods in this hour, then put them in hot water that has more or less indigo extract, according with the depth of color desired, and boil again until the suits, adding more than anything, if necessary. 

Red Blonde - For each pound of goods, alum five ounces, red or cream of tartar, one ounce. Place the products and bring the kettle to boil for half an hour, then the air and let it boil an hour and a half long, empty the kettle and fill with clean water and put in the bran of a bushel; make milk hot, and let it rest until it comes out the bran, then skim off the bran and pellets placed in half-pound, put in the products and the heat and simmer slowly until done. Wash with strong foam. 

Green: - For every pound of goods, fustic a pound, with alum three and a half ounces; steep until the force is out, and enjoy things in it until one gets yellow color, then remove the chips, and add the extract of indigo or ischemic, a tablespoon at a time until color suits. 

Snuff Brown, Dark: - For five pounds of goods, Leva one pound; boil fifteen minutes, then dip the goods three quarters of an hour, are removed and added to through two and a half pounds fustic, boil ten minutes, and dip the goods three quarters of an hour, then add an ounce blue vitriol , Copperas four ounces; dip again an hour and a half. If it is not dark enough add more vitriol. 

Another method - any shade: - Boil the goods in an alum mordant two parts, Copperas three parts, and then rinsed through a bath of the blonde. The dye depends on the relative proportions of the vitriol and alum, vitriol more, the darker the contrast, the combined weight of both should not be more than one-eighth the weight of the goods. Mixtures of red and yellow with blue and black dyes or simple, will make any shade. 

Orange: - For five pounds of goods, tin chloride six tablespoons, argol four ounces; boil and dip one hour and add again to the dye of madder teacupful; dip again an hour and a half. Cochineal, about two ounces, instead of the blonde, produces a much brighter color. 

Purple: - For every pound of goods, two ounces of cudbear, rinse the soap foam products, and then dissolved in hot foam cudbear - not quite boiling point, and enjoy the goods until the desired color. The color is clarified by washing in water of alum.
