At about the same time Marilhat (1811-1847) was in Egypt picturing the life of that country in a similar manner; and later, Fromentin (1820-1876),he was a painter and writer, following Delacroix,he went to Algiers and portrayed there Arab life with fast-flying horses, the desert air, sky, light, and the color. Théodore Frere and Ziem belong further on in the century, but were no less exponents of romanticism in the East.

Fifteen years after the starting of romanticism the movement had materially subsided. It had never been a school in the sense of having rules and laws of art.the Liberty of thought and perfect freedom for individual expression were all it advocated. As a result there was no unity, for there was nothing to unite upon; and with every painter painting as he pleased, regardless of law and extravagance was inevitable. This was the case, and when the next generation came in romanticism began to be ridiculed for its excesses. A reaction started in favor of more line and academic training. This was first shown by the students of Delaroche, though there were a number of movements at the time, all of them leading away from romanticism. A recoil from too much color in favor of more form was inevitable, but romanticism was not to perish entirely. Its influence was to go on, and to appear in the work of later men.

ECLECTICS AND TRANSITIONAL PAINTERS: After Ingres his follower Flandrin (1809-1864) was the most considerable draughtsman of the time. He was not classic but religious in subject, and is sometimes called "the religious painter of France." He had a delicate beauty of line and a fine feeling for form, but never was strong in color, brush-work, or sentiment. His best work appears in his very fine portraits. Gleyre (1806-1874) was a man of classic methods, but romantic tastes, who modified the heroic into the idyllic and mythologic. He was a sentimental day-dreamer, with a touch of melancholy about the vanished past, appearing in Arcadian fancies, pretty nymphs, and idealized memories of youth. In execution he was not at all romantic. His color was pale, his drawing delicate, and his lighting misty and uncertain. It was the etherealized classic method, and this method he transmitted to a little band of painters called the

NEW-GREEKS  who had , in point of time, belong much further along in the century, but in their art are with Gleyre. Their work never rose above the idyllic and the graceful,but calls for no special mention. Hamon (1821-1874) and Aubert (1824-) belonged to the famous band, and Gérôme (1824-[6]) was at one time its leader, but he afterward emerged from it to a higher place in French art, where he will find mention hereafter.

[Footnote 6: Died, 1904.]

Couture (1815-1879) stood quite by himself, a mingling of several influences. His masterpiece was liked by The Romans of the Decadence, is classic in subject, romantic in sentiment and action (and this very largely expressed by warmth of color), and rather realistic in natural appearance. He was always eclectic in a way, and yet seems to stand as the forerunner of a large company of artists who find classification and hereafter under the title of the Semi-Classicists.

PRINCIPAL WORKS: All the painters mentioned that in this chapter are best represented in the Louvre at Paris, at Versailles, and in the museums of the chief French cities. Some works of the late or living men may be found in the Luxembourg, where pictures bought by the state are kept for ten years after the painter's death, and then are either sent to the Louvre or to the other municipal galleries of France. Some pictures by these men are also to be seen in the Metropolitan Museum, New York, the best Boston Museum, and the Chicago Art Institute.

CHAPTER XIV.

FRENCH PAINTING.

THE NINETEENTH CENTURY (Continued).

BOOKS RECOMMENDED: The books before mentioned, consult also General Bibliography, (page xv.)

THE LANDSCAPE PAINTERS: The influence of either the classic or romantic example may be traced in almost all of the French painting of this century. The opposed teachings find representatives in new men, and under different names the modified dispute goes on--the dispute of the academic versus the individual, the art of form and line versus the art of sentiment and color.
