By interacting with other social beings, I have grown to understand them better. I have yielded to the evil temptations that led me to brothels and other sinful places in the past. 
Knowing too much or in depth brings disappointment. Goodness satisfy us, evil cautions us, our dreams are unfulfilled and premature ageing chills us. Overwrought emotions are followed by an indifference so pallid and lackluster.
Thinking men have abandoned hope. Selfish human motives have caused despise for the person who harbors them. Tempting desires are despised
too.


The status quo then and now

Dear Monkton,
In my first letter, I mentioned my favorite retreat in Mr Mandeville's grounds. I love it so much that I spend most of the day there.

Unlike most people, I do not stroll around with a book. Here, nature and my own thoughts are equally divine. In my solitude, I indulge in my own reflections  as I follow a small stream that joins a vast, deep and clear lake. Fir, oak and elm trees surround the lake and I stay under their shade during the afternoon. To others, I may seem idle but the truth cannot be farther. The sights and sounds of nature's beauty enchant me like a magic spell- be it a breeze from the trees, a ripple from the lake or a wave from a leaf. However, memories also come to me and sad feelings from the past follows too.   
It is an irony that a solitary person reflect the most on others, yet one who lives with many only thinks about himself.

Philosophers, moralists and historians are very much devoted to mankind and yet they are solitary creatures. Our thoughts are so connected with one another; more so than our actions.


My recent thoughts are on Bolingbroke from the past. I am convinced that this place is harmful though no influence from the prejudice or animosity from  past references. Our ancestors reminded us about our wretched past and wrongdoings. Our barbaric past is a fact to remind us in the present.


A message from Lady Emily Mandeville to Mrs St. John

My dear Julia, I am settled down nicely in my beautiful retreat.
