By talking with men, not only in their haunts but in their emotions too, I have learned to know them. I have gone down into the receptacles of prostitution; I have taken lessons from the brothel and the hell; I have watched feeling in its unguarded sallies, and drawn from the impulse of the moment conclusions which gave the lie to the previous conduct of years. But all knowledge brings us disappointment, and this knowledge the most--the satiety of good, the suspicion of evil, the decay of our young dreams, the reckless, aimless, joyless indifference which follows an overwrought and feverish excitation--These constitute the group of men who have renounced hope in the acquisition of thought, and who, in learning the motives of human actions, learn only to despise the persons and the things which enticed them like divinities before.
FROM THE SAME TO THE SAME.

I told you, dear Monkton, in my first letter, of my favorite resort in Mr. Mandeville's property. I have grown so attached to it, that I spend most of my day there.

I am not one of those persons who always travel with a book in their hands, as if neither nature nor their own reflections could afford them any rational musings. A small brooklet which runs through the grounds broadens at last into a deep, clear, transparent lake. Here trees fling their branches over the margin and beneath their shade I pass all the hours of noon-day in the luxuries of a dreamer's reverie. It is true, however, that I am never more active than when I appear the least so. I am like Prospero in his desert island, and surround myself with spirits. A spell trembles upon the leaves; every wave comes to me with its peculiar music: and an Ariel seems to whisper the secrets of every breeze, which comes to my forehead laden with the scents of the West. But do not think, that it is only good spirits which haunt the recesses of my lonliness. To push the metaphor to overstatement--Memory is my Sycorax, and Gloom is the Caliban she conceives. But let me digress from myself to my less idle occupations;-- I have of late diverted my thoughts in some measure by a recurrence to a subject to which I once was devoted--history. Have you ever thought, that people who live the most by themselves reflect the most upon others; and that he who lives surrounded by the million never thinks of any but himself?

Lives, have been devoted to the consideration of mankind, or the analysis of public events, have usually been remarkably attached to solitude and seclusion. We are indeed so linked to our fellow-human beings, that, where we are not chained to them by action, we are connected with them by thought.

I have just quitted the observations of my favourite Bolingbroke upon history. I cannot agree with him as to its usefulness. The more I consider, the more I am convinced that its study has been harmful to mankind. It is by those details, which are always as unfair in their inference as they must evidently be doubtful in their facts, that party animosity and general prejudice are supported and sustained. There is not one abuse of ancient barbarity and ignorance existing at the present day, which is not advocated, and actually confirmed, by some vague deduction from the bigotry of an illiterate chronicler, or the obscurity of an uncertain legend. It is through the constant appeal to our ancestors that we transmit wretchedness and wrong to our posterity: we should require, to corroborate an evil originating in the present day, the clearest and most satisfactory proof; but the minutest defence is sufficient for an evil handed down to us by the barbarism of antiquity. We reason from what even in old tunes was dubious, as if we were adducing what was certain in those in which we live. And thus we have made no sanction to abuses so powerful as history, and no enemy to the present like the past.

FROM THE LADY EMILY MANDEVILLE TO MRS. ST. JOHN.

At last, my dear Julia, I am settled in my beautiful retreat.
