It has been by mingling with men, not only in their haunts but their emotions,
that I have learned to know them.  I have descended into the receptacles of vice; I have taken
lessons from the brothel and the hell; I have watched feeling in its unguarded sallies, and
drawn from the impulse of the moment conclusions which gave the lie to the previous conduct
of years.  But all knowledge brings us disappointment, and this knowledge the most--the satiety
of good, the suspicion of evil, the decay of our young dreams, the premature iciness of age,
the reckless, aimless, joyless indifference which follows an overwrought and feverish excitation--These
constitute the lot of men who have renounced hope in the acquisition of thought, and who, in
learning the motives of human actions, learn only to despise the persons and the things which
enchanted them like divinities before.

FROM THE SAME TO THE SAME.

I told you, dear Monkton, in my first letter, of my favorite retreat in Mr. Mandeville's grounds.
I have grown so attached to it, that I spend the greater part of the day there.

I am not one of those persons who always perambulate with a book in their hands, as if neither
nature nor their own reflections could afford them any rational amusement.  I go there more
frequently en paresseux than en savant: a small brooklet which runs through the grounds broadens
at last into a deep, clear, transparent lake.  Here fir and elm and oak fling their branches
over the margin and beneath their shade I pass all the hours of noon-day in the luxuries of
a dreamer's reverie.  It is true, however, that I am never less idle than when I appear the
most so. I am like Prospero in his desert island, and surround myself with spirits.  A spell
trembles upon the leaves; every wave comes fraught to me with its peculiar music: and an Ariel
seems to whisper the secrets of every breeze, which comes to my forehead laden with the perfumes
of the West.  But do not think, Mounton, that it is only good spirits which haunt the recesses
of my solitude.  To push the metaphor to exaggeration--Memory is my Sycorax, and Gloom is the
Caliban she conceives.  But let me digress from myself to my less idle occupations;-- I have
of late diverted my thoughts in some measure by a recurrence to a study to which I once was
particularly devoted--history.  Have you ever remarked, that people who live the most by themselves
reflect the most upon others; and that he who lives surrounded by the million never thinks
of any but the one individual--himself?

Philosophers--moralists-historians, whose thoughts, labours, lives, have been devoted to the
consideration of mankind, or the analysis of public events, have usually been remarkably attached
to solitude and seclusion. We are indeed so linked to our fellow-beings, that, where we are
not chained to them by action, we are carried to and connected with them by thought.

I have just quitted the observations of my favourite Bolingbroke upon history.  I cannot agree
with him as to its utility.  The more I consider, the more I am convinced that its study has
been upon the whole pernicious to mankind.  It is by those details, which are always as unfair
in their inference as they must evidently be doubtful in their facts, that party animosity
and general prejudice are supported and sustained.  There is not one abuse--one intolerance--one
remnant of ancient barbarity and ignorance existing at the present day, which is not advocated,
and actually confirmed, by some vague deduction from the bigotry of an illiterate chronicler,
or the obscurity of an uncertain legend.  It is through the constant appeal to our ancestors
that we transmit wretchedness and wrong to our posterity: we should require, to corroborate
an evil originating in the present day, the clearest and most satisfactory proof; but the minutest
defence is sufficient for an evil handed down to us by the barbarism of antiquity.  We reason
from what even in old tunes was dubious, as if we were adducing what was certain in those in
which we live.  And thus we have made no sanction to abuses so powerful as history, and no
enemy to the present like the past.

FROM THE LADY EMILY MANDEVILLE TO MRS. ST. JOHN.

At last, my dear Julia, I am settled in my beautiful retreat.
