It has to mix with men, not only in their dens, but his emotions, I have learned to know them. I dropped in the receptacles of vice, and I have taken classes at the brothel and hell, I saw the feeling in their outputs without monitoring, and developed from the momentum of the conclusions of the time gave the lie to the past conduct of the year . But all knowledge brings disappointment, and this knowledge - the fullness of good, evil suspicions, the decline of our youth dream, the coldness of prematurity, the reckless indifference aimlessly, without joy, that is an overwrought and feverish excitement - These constitute the large number of men who have given up hope in the acquisition of thought, and that, in learning the reasons for human actions, just learn to despise the people and things loved them as gods before. 
THE SAME TO THE SAME. 

I told you, dear Monkton, in my first letter, my favorite retreat in the grounds of Mr. Mandeville. I've grown so attached to it, I spend most of the day there. 

I am not one of those people who always wandering with a book in their hands, as if neither the nature nor their own reflections could afford the distraction rational. I go there more often in paresseux is wise: a small stream that runs through the grounds extended to end in a deep, clear lake, clear. Here pine and oak, elm and throw their arms on the margin and under his shadow happens to me every hour of noon in the luxuries of a dreamy reverie. It is true, however, I am never less idle than when appear the most so. I'm like Prospero in his desert island, and surround myself with the spirits. A spell trembles on the leaves, each wave has charged me with his peculiar music: Ariel and seems to whisper secrets to each breeze that comes to my front loaded with the perfumes of the West. I do not think, Mounton that only good spirits who haunt the recesses of my solitude. To push the metaphor to exaggeration - my memory is Sycorax and Caliban sadness is conceived. But let me digress to my occupations less idle - I have recently shifted my thoughts to some extent by the repetition of a study that once was especially dedicated - history. Have you ever noticed that most people who live alone do not reflect most others, and who lives surrounded by the millions think about other than the individual - himself? 

Philosophers - moralists, historians, whose thoughts, jobs, lives have been devoted to the consideration of mankind, or the analysis of public events, have generally been remarkably attached to the loneliness and isolation. In fact, we are so tied to our fellow human beings when we are not chained to them for action, which are carried out and linked with them by thought. 

I left the comments of my favorites Bolingbroke in history. I disagree with him about its usefulness. The more I think, the more I am convinced that his study was, overall, harmful to mankind. For those details, which are always so unfair in its inference, because obviously it must be questionable in his actions, that the animosity of the party and general prejudice supported and sustained. It is an abuse - an intolerance - a remnant of ancient barbarism and ignorance that exists in today, which is not a lawyer, confirmed indeed a vague decrease the intolerance of an illiterate journalist, or darkness a legend uncertain. It is through the constant appeal to our ancestors that give us the misery and evil for our posterity we must demand, to verify an originating wrong today, the clearest proof and more successful, but the defense is least bad enough to come down to us by the barbarism of antiquity. We reason that even in old songs was questionable, as if we were providing what was true in those in which we live. And so we have no sanction to abuse as powerful as ever, and no enemy in the present and the past. 

THE LADY EMILIA Mandeville MRS. ST. JOHN. 

Finally, my dear Julia, I settled in my beautiful refuge.
