But now let me give a sketch of my story. A single fact is worth a hundred reflections. The
first consciousness that I remember, was that of having a superabundance of time; and my first
ingenuity was demanded for getting rid of the encumbrance. I had always an hour that perplexed
my skill to know what to do with this treasure. A schoolboy turn for long excursions in any
direction but that of my pedagogue, indicative of a future general officer; a naturalist-taste
for bird-nesting, which, in maturer years, would have made me one of the wonders of the Linnaean
Society; a passion for investigating the inside of every thing, from a Catherine-wheel to a
China-closet, which would yet have entitled me to the honours of an F.R.S.; and an original
vigour in the plunder of orchards, which undoubtedly might have laid the foundation of a first
lord of the treasury; were nature's helps to get rid of this oppressive bounty. But though
I fought the enemy with perpetual vigour and perpetual variety, he was not to be put to flight
by a stripling; and I went to the university as far from being a conqueror as ever. At Oxford
I found the superabundance of this great gift acknowledged with an openness worthy of English
candour, and combated with the dexterity of an experience five hundred years old. Port-drinking,
flirtation, lounging, the invention of new ties to cravats, and new tricks on proctors; billiards,
boxing, and barmaids; seventeen ways of mulling sherry, and as many dozen ways of raising "the
supplies," were adopted with an adroitness that must have baffled all but the invincible. Yet
Time was master at last; and he always indulged me with a liberality that would have driven
a less resolute spirit to the bottom of the Isis.

At length I gave way; left the university with my blessing and my debts; and rushed up to London,
as the grand place d'armes, the central spot from which the enemy was excluded by the united
strength, wit, and wisdom of a million and a half of men. I might as well have staid bird-nesting
in Berkshire. I found the happiest contrivances against the universal invader fail. Pigeon-matches;
public dinners; coffee-houses; bluestocking reunions; private morning quadrille practice, with
public evening exhibitions of their fruits; dilettanti breakfasts, with a bronze Hercules standing
among the bread and butter, or a reposing cast of Venus, fresh from Pompeii, as black and nude
as a negress disporting on the banks of the Senegal, but dear and delicate to the eyes of taste;
Sunday mornings at Tattersal's, jockeying till the churches let out their population, and the
time for visits was come; and Sunday evening routs at the duchess's, with a cotillon by the
vraies danseuses of the opera, followed by a concert, a round game, and a select supper for
the initiated;--the whole failed. I had always an hour too much--sixty mortal minutes, and
every one of them an hour in itself, that I could never squeeze down. On feeling the symptoms
of this horary visitation, I regularly rushed into the streets, on the principle that some
alleviation of misery is always to be found in fellow-suffering. This maxim I invariably found
false, like every other piece of the boasted wisdom of mankind. I found the suffering infinitely
increased by the association with my fellow-fashionables. A man might as well have fled from
his chamber to enjoy comfort in the wards of an hospital. In one of my marches up and down
the pavé of St. James's Street, that treadmill of gentlemen convicted in the penalty of having
nothing to do, I lounged into the little hotel of the Guards, that stands beside the great
hotel of the gamblers, like a babe under its mamma's wing--the likeness admirable, though the
scale diminutive. That "hour too many," cost me three games of billiards, my bachelor's house,
and one thousand pounds. This price of sixty minutes startled me a little; and, for a week,
I meditated with some seriousness on the superior gaiety of a life spent in paving the streets,
driving a wagon, or answering the knocker of a door. But the "hour" again overflowed me. I
was walking it off in Regent Street, when an old fellow-victim met me, and prescribed a trot
to Newmarket. The prescription was taken, and the hour was certainly got rid of.
