Now, let me sum up my story. One fact is worth many considerations. The earlies thing that I can remember was that I had a lot of free time. My first challenge was to fill up this free time. I had the time to figure out what to do with this gift. 

As a schoolboy I avoided anything pertaining to my education. This was a poor indicator for a future military officer or a naturalist with an interest for the preservation of bird's nests that would have made me one of the wonders of the Linnaean Society. I was naturally curious, often investigating anything and everything from A to Z. I was good at keeping count and I would have made an excellent banker. If only I made use of my time better! Despite fighting valiantly I was accepted into a university. 

At Oxford I made excellent use of my skills and overabundance of time with great English aplomb. With experience beyond my years I participated in port drinking contests, flirted with my share of women, lounged about a great deal, wore my ties in new and rebelious ways, and played pranks on the professors.  My other activities included playing pool, boxing, mulling sherry and conquering barmaids. I also learned numerous and skillful ways to increase our supply of illicit materials. 

Yet again Time was my boss who alway indulged me witha great deal of liberty which would driven a lesser man to hysteria. 

Eventually I surrendered to my surroundings and left the university with a degree and in debt. I made my way to London. It was the place where the enemy was defeated by the united strength, wit, and wisdom of one and a half million men. I quickly grew to fing things to love about my surroundings; clay pigeon matches, dinners out, coffeehouses, dance lessons, gallery exhibits, and breakfast on tables adorned with knick-knacks from the bygone eras of far away places. Despite all these activities, I alway seemed to have some extra time. Usually it was about an hour, but it felt a lot longer. I would often wander the streets in hopes of finding someone who suffered like I did, but that only made it worse. It was during one of these wanderings that I found myself at a wagering club. I felt the warm welcoming embrace of a place where I could spend my surplus sixty minutes. This spare hour ended up costing me three games of pool, my bachelor pad, and over a thousand pounds. Over the passing week I contemplated the cost of my spare time. One day as I was out for a stroll I ran into a likeminded individual who suggested we visit Newmarket. This was the perfect prescription for my ailment of too much free time.
