In most cases, however, the patient does not suffer a nervous lack of opportunities for outside interests, but the inability to meet domestic opportunities that arise. The great change that must be done is not in external conditions and habits, but in the hidden corners of the mind, a change that can be accomplished by self-awareness and rehabilitation.

But if self-knowledge is the first step in any cure, if the gift of self must be the final step. Sooner or later in life of all disabled nervous, there comes a moment when nothing will serve to unify its forces disorganized but steady and unwavering responsibility a good stiff work. Happy for him that he is, and he is living in an era when science is no longer told to sit back and wait.

GLOSSARY

Autonomic nervous system: the autonomic nervous system that controls vital functions - as digestion, breathing, circulation.

Censor: a hypothetical possibility of pre-conscious mind which resists the emergence into consciousness of desires that are questionable.

Common Path: In physiology, the final route on which the response is made to physical stimulation, even in psychology, taking one for the momentum that will be finally dominant.

Compensation: demonstrated exaggeration of a characteristic to the trend as a defense against its opposite,  which is painfully restrained by  the alleviation of symptoms of training alternatives.

Complex: A group of ideas held together by emotion (usually refers to a group that is wholly or partly unconscious),.

Compulsion: An impulse persistently overriding doing anything reasonable (but really replace or symbolic), or taking an irrational fear or an idea, an emotional force that has been separated from the original idea snd repeating it.

Conflict: (special) struggle between the instincts (unconscious).

Conversion: (Special) The process by which a repressed complex mental impuluse is made manifest in a physical symptom.

Displacement: 1. Transposition of an emotion from its original context to a more acceptable context. 2. The shift in emphasis, in dreams, from essential to unimportant elements.

Dissociation: 1. The state of being excluded from active participation (applied to a group of ideas), as in the normal forgetfulness. 2. (Abnormal) are exaggerated separation of groups of ideas, with a loss of the personality strengths or memories these groups contain, as in split personality.

Mounting: Implementation in infancy of the strongest habit reactions.

Free association: A device for discovering underground complexes, leaving the mind to wander without conscious direction.

Homo-sexual: the quality of being more attracted to someone of the same sex (abnormal) than one of the other sex (heterosexual, normal).

Hysteria: This form of functional nervous disorder manifests by physical symptoms: an attempt to stage the repressed unconscious wishes.

Inhibition restraint (Special): a limitation of function, physical or ideal, due to unconscious emotional attitudes.

Libido: life force, vital energy, or (restricted) energy of the sexual instinct.

Neurosis: used freely for psycho-neurosis or nervous disorders.

Obsession:  An idea compulsively inaccessible to reason.

Oedipus complex: link too much between mother and son,  or (more loosely) between father and daughter.

Overdetermined:  Uses a stronger impetus given by the lack of discharge,  with an accumulation of emotional stress factors added.

Phobia:  a persistent and irrational fear of an object or situation.

Psycho-neurosis, "a perversion of normal (psychological) reactions" (Prince), a general term for the functional dissociation of personality, resulting in: psychasthenia - disturbed ideation neurasthenia - disturbed emotions, hysteria - disrupted motor or sensory activity.

Psychotherapy:   Treatment by psychological or mental measures.

Rationalization: The process of substitution of a false explanation for a repressed unconscious desire.

Repression:  Deportation of the awareness of a process causing mental pain.

Strength: The force that prevents the return of a repressed complex to consciousness.

Subconscious: This part of the mind which one knows not; the place to store personal and ancestral memories.
