In
most cases, however, the nervous invalid is suffering not from lack of opportunities for outside
interest but from an inner inability to meet the opportunities which present themselves. The
great change that has to be made is not in external conditions and habits but in the hidden
corners of the mind; a change that can be accomplished only by self-knowledge and re-education.

But if self-knowledge is the first step in any cure, so self-giving must be the final step.
Sooner or later in the life of every nervous invalid there comes a time when nothing will serve
to unify his disorganized forces but steady and unswerving responsibility for a good stiff
piece of work. Happy for him that this is so and that he is living in a day when science no
longer tells him to fold his hands and wait.

GLOSSARY

Autonomic nervous system: The vegetative nervous system which controls vital functions,--as
digestion, respiration, circulation.

Censor: A hypothetical faculty of the fore-conscious mind which resists the emergence into
consciousness of questionable desires.

Common path: In physiology, the final route over which response is made to physical stimulation;
similarly in psychology, the one outlet for the finally dominant impulse.

Compensation: Exaggerated manifestation of one character-trend as a defense against its opposite
which is painfully repressed; relief in substitute symptom formation.

Complex: A group of ideas held together by emotion (usually referring to a group which is wholly
or in part unconscious).

Compulsion: A persistent compelling impulse to perform some seemingly unreasonable (but really
substitute or symbolic) act, or to hold some irrational fear or idea; an emotional force which
has been separated from the original idea.

Conflict: (Special) Struggle between instincts (unconscious).

Conversion: (Special) The process by which a repressed mental complex expresses itself through
a physical symptom.

Displacement: 1. Transposition of an emotion from its original idea to one more acceptable
to the personality. 2. The shifting of emphasis, in dreams, from essential to less significant
elements.

Dissociation: 1. The state of being shut out from taking active part (applied to a group of
ideas), as in normal forgetfulness. 2. (Abnormal) An exaggerated degree of separation of groups
of ideas, with loss to the personality of the forces or memories which these groups contain,
as in double personality.

Fixation: Establishment in childhood of over-strong habit-reactions.

Free Association: A device for uncovering buried complexes by letting the mind wander without
conscious direction.

Homo-sexual: The quality of being more attracted by an individual of the same sex (abnormal)
than by one of the opposite sex (hetero-sexual, normal).

Hysteria: That form of functional nervous disorder which manifests itself in physical symptoms;
an attempt to dramatize unconscious repressed desires.

Inhibition: Restraint (Special) limitation of function, physical or ideational, due to unconscious
emotional attitudes.

Libido: Life-force, élan vital, or (restricted) the energy of the sex-instinct.

Neurosis: Used loosely for psycho-neurosis or nervous disorder.

Obsession: A compulsive idea inaccessible to reason.

Oedipus Complex: Over-strong bond between mother and son, or (more loosely) between father
and daughter.

Over-determined: Used of an impulse made over-strong by lack of discharge, with accumulation
of emotional tension from added factors.

Phobia: A persistent, unreasoning fear of some object or situation.

Psycho-neurosis: "A perversion of normal (psychic) reactions," (Prince); a general term for
functional dissociation of the personality, resulting in: psychasthenia--disturbed ideation;
neurasthenia--disturbed emotions; hysteria--disturbed motor or sensory activity.

Psychotherapy: Treatment by psychic or mental measures.

Rationalization: The process of substituting a plausible, false explanation for a repressed,
unconscious desire.

Repression: Expulsion from consciousness of a pain-provoking mental process.

Resistance: The force which impedes the return of a repressed complex to consciousness.

Subconscious: That part of the mind of which one is unaware; the storehouse of memories ancestral
and personal.
