All Rewrite the Text Found Below
Requirements

    * Fluent English (reading and writing). 

Task Description

Rewrite the original text found below so that the rewritten version has the same meaning, but a completely different wording and phrasing.

Imagine a scholar copying a friend's homework just before class, or a plagiarist willing to use the original text without proper quotation.

More specifically, you may

    * replace words or phrases with synonyms or analogies,
    * rearrange, split, or combine sentences or paragraphs,
    * write parts of the text in your own words,
    * delete parts of the text, and
    * introduce new text related to the topic,
    * change active to passive voice, or vice versa,
    * change tense, narrator, or style.

You may not

    * make only minor or trivial changes to the original,
    * copy a related text from the Web.

Motivation

We wish to create a large collection of manually rewritten texts in order to evaluate detection algorithms.
Rejection Policy

By accpeting this HIT you agree to the following rejection policy.
A HIT is rejected

    * if only minor changes are made to the original text,
    * if the text produced has a different meaning than the original,
    * if the text produced is not human-readable.

Note further that your work will also be checked as a whole, and not only HIT by HIT. Be aware, that many accepted HITs do not necessarily lead to continued acceptance, i.e., we will frequently recheck your work. Rest assured, however, that we will try to be reasonable: no one gets rejected entirely just because of one rejection.
Survey

If you like, please answer the following questions first, but you don't have to.
Returning workers may skip the survey.

Your age:
Your sex: Female Male
Your level of education:
Is English your 1st language? Yes No
Are you a professional writer? Yes No
Did you ever plagiarize? Yes No
Task

Please do not shorten the original texts too much.
Also, try a different rewrite pattern every once in a while.
Original text: 	  	Your rewritten version:
We could perfectly well step from our gondola to the flat-boat and then go up and ask politely if we may be allowed to examine the interesting grain- ship. While you are interviewing the first officer about the foreign countries he has seen, I will ask the comandante if he will kindly tie his boat a little farther down on the island. No, that won't do, for he may not speak English; we should have an awkward scene, and I should defeat my own purposes. You are so fluent in Italian, suppose you call upon him with my card and let me stay in the gondola."

"What shall I say to the man?" objected Miss Palett.

"Oh, there's plenty to say," returned Salemina. "Tell him that Penelope and I came over from the hotel on the Grand Canal only that we might have perfect quiet. Tell him that if I had not unpacked my largest trunk, I should not stay an instant longer. Tell him that his great, bulky ship ruins the view; that it hides the most beautiful church and part of the Doge's Palace. Tell him that I might as well have stayed at home and built a cottage on the dock in Boston Harbour. Tell him that his steam-whistles, his anchor-droppings, and his constant loadings or unloadings give us headache. Tell him that seven or eight of his sailormen brought clean garments and scrubbing brushes and took their bath at our front entrance. Tell him that one of them, almost absolutely nude, instead of running away to put on more clothing, offered me his arm to assist me into the gondola."

Miss Palett demurred at the subject-matter of some of these remarks, and affirmed that she could not translate others into proper Italian. She therefore proposed that Salemina should write a few dignified protests on her visiting-card, and her own part would be to instruct the man in the flat-boat to deliver it at once to his superior officer. The comandante spoke no English,--of that fact the sailorman in the flat-boat was certain,--but as the gondola moved away, the ladies could see the great man pondering over the little piece of pasteboard, and it was plain that he was impressed. Herein lies perhaps a seed of truth. The really great thing triumphs over all obstacles, and reaches the common mind and heart in some way, delivering its message we know not how.

Salemina's card teemed with interesting information, at least to the initiated. Her surname was in itself a passport into the best society. To be an X- was enough of itself, but her Christian name was one peculiar to the most aristocratic and influential branch of the X-s. Her mother's maiden name, engraved at full length in the middle, established the fact that Mr. X- had not married beneath him, but that she was the child of unblemished lineage on both sides. Her place of residence was the only one possible to the possessor of three such names, and as if these advantages were not enough, the street and number proved that Salemina's family undoubtedly possessed wealth; for the small numbers, and especially the odd numbers, on that particular street, could be flaunted only by people of fortune.

You have now all the facts in your possession, and I can only add that the ship weighed anchor at twilight, so Salemina again gazed upon the Doge's Palace and slept tranquilly.

V

CASA ROSA, May 22

I am like the schoolgirl who wrote home from Venice: "I am sitting on the edge of the Grand Canal drinking it all in, and life never seemed half so full before." Was ever the city so beautiful as last night on the arrival of foreign royalty? It was a memorable display and unique in its peculiar beauty. The palaces that line the canal were bright with flags; windows and water-steps were thronged, the broad centre of the stream was left empty. Presently, round the bend below the Rialto, swept into view a double line of gondolas--long, low, gleaming with every hue of brilliant colour, most of them with ten, some with twelve, gondoliers in resplendent liveries, red, blue, green, white, orange, all bending over their oars with the precision of machinery and the grace of absolute mastery of their craft. In the middle, between two lines, came one small and beautifully modelled gondola, rowed by four men in red and black, while on the white silk cushions in the stern sat the Prince and Princess.
