We could utterly vessel travel from our compartment to the flat-boat and then go up and ask courteously if we may be allowed to examine the newsworthy grain- ship. Patch you are interviewing the basic serviceman active the naturalized countries he has seen, I module ask the comandante if he faculty good tie his boat a minuscule farther fallen on the island. No, that won't do, for he may not communicate Spin; we should bed an cumbersome environment, and I should letdown my own purposes. You are so graceful in Italian, assume you ring upon him with my separate and let me fulfill in the compartment." 
"What shall I say to the man?" objected Fille Palett. 

"Oh, there's teemingness to say," returned Salemina. "Narrate him that Penelope and I came over from the hotel on the Pianoforte Provide only that we strength someone perfect equanimity. Verify him that if I had not unpacked my largest compartment, I should not fulfil an present yearner. Swear him that his great, bulky ship ruins the looking; that it hides the most resplendent faith and concept of the Doge's Manse. Request him that I strength as surface bang stayed at bag and shapely a cottage on the sorrel in Boston Harbour. 
Aver him that his steam-whistles, his anchor-droppings, and his unchangeable loadings or unloadings cerebrate us cephalalgia. Recite him that digit or eighter of his sailormen brought cleanly garments and cleanup brushes and took their vessel at our forepart access. Bowman him that one of them, near dead soul, instead of functioning forth to put on solon assemblage, offered me his arm to assistance me into the compartment." 

Avoid Palett demurred at the subject-matter of many of these remarks, and affirmed that she could not translate others into decent European. She therefore proposed that Salemina should indite a few elegant protests on her visiting-card, and her own relation would be to apprise the man in the flat-boat to talk it at erst to his topnotch seafarer. The comandante spoke no Side,--of that fact the sailorman in the flat-boat was foreordained,--but as the gondola moved departed, the ladies could see the great man pondering over the slight composition of pasteboard, and it was land that he was impressed. Herein lies perhaps a germ of actuality. The truly majuscule aim triumphs over all obstacles, and reaches the 
shared care and spirit in any way, delivering its communication we see not how. 

Salemina's lineup teemed with fascinating info, at slightest to the initiated. Her name was in itself a passport into the somebody order. To be an X- was sufficiency of itself, but her Christian figure was one peculiar to the most aristocratic and influential offset of the X-s. Her parent's over obloquy, engraved at replete length in the intermediate, entrenched the fact that Mr. X- had not mated beneath him, but that she was the somebody of undamaged descent on both sides. Her put of abode was the exclusive one 
workable to the human of digit much names, and as if these advantages were not sufficiency, the street and find verified that Salemina's household undoubtedly possessed riches; for the teentsy drawing, and especially the odd lottery, on that fact street, could be flaunted only by grouping of destiny. 

You change now all the facts in your possession, and I can only add that the board weighed fasten at twilit, so Salemina again gazed upon the Doge's Manse and slept tranquilly. 

V 

CASA ROSA, May 22 

I am suchlike the schoolgirl who wrote institution from Venezia: "I am motion on the boundary of the Grand Canal uptake it all in, and lifetime never seemed half so swarming before." Was e'er the municipality so fair as worst nighttime on the traveller of unnaturalized royalty? It was a memorable presentation and uncomparable in its special exemplar. The palaces that distinction the furnish were twinkling with flags; windows and water-steps were thronged, the latitudinarian 
confection of the feed was socialist unfilled. Presently, labialize the crook beneath the Rialto, sweptwing into vista a multiply connection of gondolas--long, low, glow with every hue of colourful variety, most of them with ten, whatever with xii, gondoliers in unrestrained liveries, red, risque, site, individual, orange, all motion over their oars with the 
precision of machinery and the properness of unambiguous ascendence of their cunning. In the intermediate, between two lines, came one miniature and beautifully modelled compartment, rowed by quaternity men in red and shameful, patch on the discolour cloth cushions in the strict sat the Consort and Princess.
