We could completely well stride from our gondola to the flat-boat and then go up and ask graciously if we may be allowable to inspect the attractive granule- ship. While you are interviewing the first official about the overseas country he has seen, I will ask the commandants if he will nicely tie his boat a small further than downward on the isle. No, that won't do, for he may not talk English; we should have a discomfited scene, and I should beat my own purpose. You are so smooth in Italian, presume you call upon him with my card and allow me stay in the gondola." 
"What shall I say to the man?" objected Miss Palette.
 
"Oh, there's plenty to say," returned Sale mina. "Tell him that Penelope and I came over from the lodge on the Grand duct only that we strength have ideal quiet. Tell him that if I had not unpacked my largest trunk, I should not stay an instantaneous longer. Tell him that his great, bulky ship ruins the view; that it hides the most beautiful church and part of the Doge's Palace. Tell him that I strength as well have stay at home and built a small house on the port in Boston Harbor. Tell him that his steam-whistles, his anchor-droppings, and his unvarying loadings or unloading give us headache. Tell him that seven or eight of his sailormen bring fresh clothes and scrubbing brushes and took their bath at our front entrance. Tell him that one of them, almost absolutely nude, in its place of in succession away to put on more clothe, offered me his appendage to aid me keen on the gondola." 

Miss Pallet demur at the theme of some of these comments, and avowed that she could not decode others into correct Italian. She therefore future that Sale mina should write a few dignified protests on her visiting-card, and her own part would be to educate the man in the flat-boat to bring it at once to his better officer. The commandant spoke no English,--of that fact the sailorman in the flat-boat was sure,--but as the gondola motivated away, the ladies could see the great man thoughtful over the little piece of pasteboard, and it was plain that he was impressed. Herein lays perhaps a seed of truth. The really great thing triumph over all obstacles, and reach the general mind and heart in some way, deliver its communication we discern not how.
 
Sale mina’s card teemed with motivating in sequence, at least to the initiate. Her last name was in itself a identification into the best humanity. To be an X- was sufficient of itself, but her Christian name was one unusual to the most aristocratic and imperative branch of the X-s. Her mother's maiden name, embossed at satisfied extent in the middle, traditional the fact that Mr. X- had not wedded beneath him, but that she was the child of blameless lineage on both sides. Her position of home was the only one possible to the carrier of three such names, and as if these advantages were not enough, the street and number proved that Sale mina’s family unquestionably obsessed wealth; for the small statistics, and specially the odd information, on that exacting street, could be flaunt only by populace of destiny
. 
You have now all the facts in your tenure, and I can only add that the ship weigh fasten at twilight, so Sale mina again gaze upon the Doge's Palace and slept composedly.

 
V 
CASA ROSA May 22
 
I am like the schoolgirl who writes home from Venice: "I am sitting on the edge of the Grand Canal drinking it all in, and life never seems half so full before." Was ever the city as beautiful as last nighttime on the advent of overseas royalty? It was a unforgettable show and single in its strange beauty. The palaces to line the canal were brilliant with streamer; windows and water-steps were thronged, the wide centre of the stream was left blank. currently, round the turn lower the Rialto, swept into view a twice line of gondolas--long, low, gleaming with every hue of brilliant color, most of them with ten, some with twelve, gondoliers in resplendent liveries, red, blue, green, white, orange, all meandering over their oars with the exactness of tackle and the grace of absolute mastery of their craft. In the middle, between two lines, came one small and beautifully modeled gondola, rowed by four men in red and black, while on the white silk cushion in the stern sat the Prince and Princess.
