
The wave of feeling was now altogether with Francois, and presently he walked away with Jeanne
Marchand and her mother, and the crowd dispersed. Jeanne was very happy for a few hours, but
in the evening she was unhappy, for she saw Francois going towards the house of the Seigneur;
and during many weeks she was still more unhappy, for every three or four days she saw the
same thing.

Meanwhile Francois worked as he had never before worked in his life. Night and day he was shut
in his shop, and for two months he came with no epitaphs for the Cure, and no new tombstones
were set up in the graveyard.  The influence of the lady at the Seigneury was upon him, and
he himself believed it was for his salvation.  She had told him of great pieces of sculpture
she had seen, had sent and got from Quebec City, where he had never been, pictures of some
of the world's masterpieces in sculpture, and he had lost himself in the study of them and
in the depths of the girl's eyes.  She meant no harm; the man interested her beyond what was
reasonable in one of his station in life.  That was all, and all there ever was.

Presently people began to gossip, and a story crept round that, in a new shed which he had
built behind his shop, Francois was chiselling out of stone the nude figure of a woman.  There
were one or two who professed they had seen it.  The wildest gossip said that the figure was
that of the young lady at the Seigneury.  Francois saw no more of Jeanne Marchand; he thought
of her sometimes, but that was all.  A fever of work was on him.  Twice she came to the shed
where he laboured, and knocked at the door.  The first time, he asked who was there.  When
she told him he opened the door just a little way, smiled at her, caught her hand and pressed
it, and, when she would have entered, said: "No, no, another day, Jeanne," and shut the door
in her face.

She almost hated him because he had looked so happy.  Still another day she came knocking.
She called to him, and this time he opened the door and admitted her.  That very hour she had
heard again the story of the nude stone woman in the shed, and her heart was full of jealousy,
fury, and suspicion.  He was very quiet, he seemed tired.  She did not notice that.  Her heart
had throbbed wildly as she stepped inside the shed. She looked round, all delirious eagerness
for the nude figure.

There it was, covered up with a great canvas!  Yes, there were the outlines of the figure.
How shapely it seemed, even inside the canvas!

She stepped forward without a word, and snatched at the covering.  He swiftly interposed and
stopped her hand.

"I will see it," she said.

"Not to-day," he answered.

"I tell you I will."  She wrenched her hand free and caught at the canvas.  A naked foot and
ankle showed.  He pinioned her wrists with one hand and drew her towards the door, determination
and anger in his face.

"You beast, you liar!" she said.

"You beast!  beast!  beast!"

Then, with a burst of angry laughter, she opened the door herself.  "You ain't fit to know,"
she said; "they told the truth about you.  Now you can take the canvas off her.  Good-bye!"
With that she was gone.  The following day was Sunday.  Francois did not attend Mass, and such
strange scandalous reports had reached the Cure that he was both disturbed and indignant. 
That afternoon, after vespers (which Francois did not attend), the Cure made his way to the
sculptor's workshop, followed by a number of parishioners.

The crowd increased, and when the Cure knocked at the door it seemed as if half the village
was there.  The chief witness against Francois had been Jeanne Marchand.  That very afternoon
she had told the Cure, with indignation and bitterness, that there was no doubt about it; all
that had been said was true.

Francois, with wonder and some confusion, admitted the Cure.  When M. Fabre demanded that he
be taken to the new workshop, Francois led the way.  The crowd pushed after, and presently
the place was full.  A hundred eyes were fastened upon the canvas-covered statue, which had
been the means of the young man's undoing.

Terrible things had been said--terrible things of Francois, and of the girl at the Seigneury.
They knew the girl for a Protestant and an Englishwoman, and that in itself was a sort of sin.
