The wave of feeling was now completely with Francois, and now went with Jeanne Marchand and his mother, and dispersed the crowd. Jeanne was very happy for a few hours, but the afternoon was unhappy because he saw in the house of Francisco de la Seigneur, and for many weeks was even more regrettable, for every three or four days, saw the same thing. 

Meanwhile, Francois worked as he had never worked before in your life. Night and day he was locked in his shop, and two months to come, no epitaphs for the Cure, and established new headstones in the cemetery. The influence of the lady of the house was in him and he thought it was for their salvation. She had spoken of the great works of sculpture he had seen, had and sent to the city of Quebec, who had never been, pictures of some of the world's masterpieces of sculpture, and lost in the studio and on the lower the child's eyes. He meant no harm, man is more interested than is reasonable in one of their stations in life. That was all, and everything was fine. 

Today, people began to murmur, and a story that came round, a new ship that was built behind his shop, Francois was carved in stone the figure of a naked woman. There were one or two who professes that he'd seen. Gossip Wilder, said the figure was the youth of the estate. Francois Marchand Jeanne was over, I thought about it sometimes, but that was all. Work fever was upon him. Twice he came to the shed where he worked, and knocked on the door. The first time, asked him who he was. When she said she opened the door a little, smiled, took her hand and squeezed it, and when she came in, said: "No, no, another day, Jeanne, and shut the door in his face. 

Almost hated him because he was so happy. Another day, knocked on the door. She called him, and this time opened the door and admitted that. That same hour, had returned to hear the story of the woman of stone naked in the shed, and his heart was full of jealousy, anger and mistrust. It was very quiet, looked tired. He did not realize that. His heart pounded as he entered the shed. He looked around, all the anguish of the nude figure delusional. 

It was covered with a tarp! Yes, they were the contours of the figure. How did you find well-trained, even within the canvas! 

He took a step forward without a word, and took from the deck. Quickly intervened and stopped the hand. 

"I see," he said. 

"Not today," he replied. 

"I tell you I will." He took his free hand and captured on canvas. One bare foot and ankle showed. He grabbed her wrists with one hand and took her to the door, determination and anger in his face. 

"Beast, liar!" Said. 

"Beast! Beast! Beast!" 

Then with an angry smile, opened the door. "You're not in a position to know," he said, he told the truth about you. Now you can take the canvas with it. Go! "With that past. The next day was Sunday. Francois did not attend the Mass and abroad reporting scandal had come to the healing was disturbed and outraged. That afternoon, after vespers (which Francois did not attend), the priest was the workshop of the sculptor, followed by a number of faithful. 

The growing crowd, and when the priest came to the door, it seemed that half the town was there. The main witness against Francois Marchand was Jeanne. That night he had told The Cure, with indignation and bitterness, there was no doubt about it, all he had said was true. 

Francois, amazement and confusion, he admitted that healing. When señorFabre demanded that he be taken to new workshop and Francois. The crowd pushed later and now the place was full. A hundred eyes were fixed on the statue of canvas roof, which was the bane of youth media. 

Terrible things had been said - Francois terrible things, and girls in the house. They knew that the girl to a Protestant and an English woman, and that in itself was a kind of sin.
