Dr. Sharp, one of the trustees, left a library to the castle in 1792. It was his own collection and valued at more than 8001. The books are lent for free to anyone who is a householder with a good reputation or any clergyman, Roman Catholic priest or other minister who lives within 20 miles of Bamborough. There is an infirmary in the castle which serves thirty five in-patients and about one thousand outpatients per year.There is a granary that helps feed the poor in times of scarcity. Two times per week the castles serves a cheap meal and sells groceries to the poor. Most years over a thousand people take advantage of the food supply, when times are tougher many more people aslo take advantage. Bamborough Castle also has patrol, a life boat and other ways of assisting on the coast on stormy nights. They take in shipwrecked items and sailors and bury dead seaman. 

Quarterly Review

*****

FINE ARTS

THE DIORAMA

The Village of Thiers and the Interior of St. Peter's at Rome were opened at the Diorama in Regent's Park. Unfortunately the Oxford street Diorama and Bazaar was destroyed the same day.

We have already heavily praised the Regent's Park Diorama. the new additions are worthy of past praise. M. Bouton recreated the east entry view, opposite the choir, of the Interior of St. Peter's. The choir of St. Peter's is located at the west end, which is unusual. At first glance, the viewer is not aware of the vastness of the proportions of the Cathedral because the proportions are so beautiful. The Diorama is able to copy this effect. There are some inaccuracies in the drawing but the medallion portraits, projections, capitals of the columns are extremely well painted. It seems like you are looking at a three dimensional rendering. The addition of a congregation ads to the sense of vastness in the building, and the flood light from the lantern of the dome ads an additional touch of realism. 

The other view is the French Village of Thiers in the department of the Puy de Doue, on the bank of the little River Durolle.  The river actually flows, and smoke rises from a cottage. the romantic image is very well executed and can be compared to the still life Unterseen, by the same artist. The image of Thiers is so peaceful it could easily be gazed upon for an hour, along with the interior of  St. Peter's. It is a striking contrast to the previous view, the Great Town.

*****

THE GATHERER

One who grasps at unnoticed trivialities. (not) SHAKESPEARE

*****

LINES

Sir Lumley Skeffington, Bart. wrote the following for Miss Foote, at the Royal Theater, on Wednesday, May 10, 1826, the last night of her engagement.

I am terribly sad that Maria is leaving. We will be bored without her. Don't say anymore about leaving! We will think about her return. She is leaving just as the first buds are about to burst forth. But without Mary here there is no spring, only sad wintry tears. 

*****

THE KING'S SPEECH IN 993

According to Sharon Turner in his "History of the Anglo-Saxons," vol. iv. The King, who presided at the witena-gemots, addressed his subjects in a royal speech in 993. King says in a charter which recites what had passed at one of their meetings, "I benignantly addressed to them salutary and pacific words."
