Go,' she said to the heralds, 'and tell
your chiefs that it is too late for us to meet to-night, but to-morrow, please God and our
Lady, we shall come to close quarters.'

The English were still strongly fortified in the little town of Meun. A portion of their army
left Beaugency in order to effect a junction with their other comrades, and in perfect order
Talbot commenced his retreat on Paris, taking the northern road through the wooded land of
La Beauce. They were closely followed by the French, but neither army had any idea how near
they were to one another till a stag, startled by the approach of the French, crossed the English
advanced guard. The shouts of the English soldiers on seeing the stag gallop by was the first
sign the French had of the propinquity of their foes. A hasty council of war was held by the
French commanders. Some were for delay and postponing the attack until all their forces should
be united; and these, the more prudent, pointed out the inferiority of their force to that
of the enemy, arguing that a battle under the circumstances, in the open country, would be
hazardous. Joan of Arc, however, would not listen to these monitions. 'Even,' she cried, 'if
they reach up to the clouds we must fight them!' And she prophesied a complete victory.

Although, as ever, anxious to command the attack, she allowed La Hire to lead the van. His
orders were to prevent the enemy advancing, and to keep him on the defensive till the entire
French force could reach the ground. La Hire's attack proved so impetuous that the English
rearguard broke and fled back in confusion. Talbot, who had not had time, so sudden and unexpected
had been the French attack, to place his archers and defend the ground, as was his wont, with
palisades and stockades, turned on the enemy like a lion at bay. Fastolfe now came up to Talbot's
succour; but his men were met by the rout of the rearguard of the broken battle, and the fugitives
caused a panic among the new-comers. In vain did Sir John attempt to rally his men and face
the enemy. After a hopeless struggle, he too was borne off by the tide of fugitives. One of
these, an officer named Waverin, states the English loss that day to have amounted to two thousand
slain and two hundred taken, but Dunois gives a higher figure, and places the English killed
at four thousand.

This battle of Patay was the most complete defeat that the English had met with during the
whole length of that war of a hundred years between France and England; and, to add to its
completeness, the hitherto undefeated Talbot was himself amongst the taken.

'You little thought,' said Alençon to him, when brought before him, 'that this would have happened
to you!'

''Tis the fortune of war,' was the old hero's laconic answer.

The effects of this victory of Patay on the fortunes of the English in France were greater
than the deliverance of Orleans, and far more disastrous, for the French had now for the first
time beaten in the open field their former victors. The once invincible were now the vanquished,
and the great names of Crecy, Poitiers, and Agincourt had lost their glamour. When the news
was known that the English under Talbot and Fastolfe had been beaten, and that the great commander
for so many years the terror of France had been made a prisoner, and that these mighty deeds
had been accomplished by the advanced guard of the French army under the inspiration of the
Maid of Orleans, the whole country felt that the knell of doom of the English occupation in
France had rung.

There is an anecdote relating to Joan of Arc at Patay that should find a place here. After
the battle, and while the prisoners were being marched off by the French, Joan was distressed
to see the brutality with which those captives unable to pay a ransom were treated. One poor
fellow she saw mortally wounded by his captors. Flinging herself from her saddle, she knelt
by the side of the dying man, and, having sent for a priest to shrive him, she remained by
the poor fellow's side and attended to him to the end, and by her tender ministrations helped
him to pass more gently over the dark valley of death.

Michelet discovered this story in the deposition of Joan of Arc's page, Louis de Contes, who
was probably an eye-witness of the scene.
