She asked the heralds to leave for the day as it was too late and suggested for a meeting the next day.
'Go,' she said to the heralds, 'and tell your chiefs that it is too late for us to meet to-night, but to-morrow, please God and our Lady, we shall come to close quarters.' 
The English men were strongly placed in the small town of Meun. Part of their army left Beaugency in order to catch up  with their other comrades, and in perfect order Talbot commenced his retreat on Paris, taking the northern road through the wooded land of La Beauce. They were closely followed by the French, but neither knew how near they were to one another till a stag, startled by the approach of the French, crossed the English advanced guard. The clamour of the English soldiers on seeing the stag gallop by was the first sign the French had of the disgrace of their foes. A hasty council of war was held by the French commanders. Some were delayed the attack until all their forces should be united; and these, the more prudent, pointed out the inferiority of their force to that of the enemy, arguing that a battle under the circumstances, in the open country, would be hazardous. Joan of Arc, however, would not listen to these monitions. 'Even,' she cried, 'if they reach up to the clouds we must fight them!' And she predicted for a complete victory. 
Eager about the attack and command over it, she allowed La Hire to lead the van. His orders were to prevent the enemy advance , and to keep him on the defensive till the entire French force could reach the ground. La Hire's attack proved so impetuous that the English rearguard broke and fled back in confusion. Talbot, who had not had time, so sudden and unexpected had been the French attack, to place his archers and defend the ground, as was his wont, with palisades and stockades, turned on the enemy like a lion at bay. Fastolfe now came up to Talbot's succour; but his men were met by the rout of the rearguard of the broken battle, and the fugitives caused a panic among the new-comers. In vain did Sir John attempt to rally his men and face the enemy. Of a hopeless struggle was borne off by a tide of  fugacity . One of these, an officer named Waverin, said that the  English loss that day  amounted to two thousand slain and two hundred taken, but according to Dunois it is as high as four thousand. 
This battle of Patay was a total defeat of the English which had met with during the   war of a hundred years between France and England; and, to add to its completeness, the hitherto undefeated Talbot was himself amongst the taken. 
'You little thought,' said Alençon to him, when brought before him, 'that this would have happened to you!'

'Tis the fortune of war,' was the old hero's laconic answer. 
The effects of this victory was  greater than the deliverance of Orleans, and far more disastrous, for the French had now for the first time beaten in the open field their former victors. The once invincible were now the vanquished. Great names like Crecy, Poitiers, and Agincourt had lost their glamour. When the news was known that the English under Talbot and Fastolfe had been beaten, and that the great commander for so many years the terror of France had been made a prisoner, and that these mighty deeds had been accomplished by the advanced guard of the French army under the inspiration of the Maid of Orleans, 
An anecdote relating to Joan of Arc at Patay that should find a place here. After the title, and while the prisoners were being marched off by the French, Joan was distressed to see the unable to pay a ransom were treated brutally. She saw a poor fellow mortally wounded by his captors. Moving  herself from her saddle, she knelt by the side of the dying man, and,   sent for a priest to shrive him, and remained by the poor fellow's side and attended to him to the end, 
Michelet discovered this story in the deposition of Joan of Arc's page, Louis de Contes, supposed to be an eye-witness of the scene.
