When we are not dealing with a visible object we cannot understand exactly how these summations and deletions take place . There is a wholeness and inwardness about the development of certain ideal characters  that makes such a treatment of them fundamentally false and artificial. The creation of an ideal character becomes a peculiar problem that  expression of our own passion  counts  so much. 

A way of conceiving and sketching out the character still bears a close resemblance to the process by which the imagination produces  any physical species. A number of detached observations  exist in distinguishing some human condition or occupation.
We may keep in our memory or note in a note book of the people we meet with studious observations of the language, manners, dress, gesture, and history etc classifying them statistics under such heads as innkeepers, soldiers, housemaids, governesses, adventuresses, Germans, Frenchmen, Italians, Americans, actors, priests, and professors etc. When occasion offers, to put into a book or a play, any one of these types, look over the notes, select according to the needs of the moment, with skillful reproduction,  a life-like character can be created.

We all carry, involuntarily this process of the novelists or play writers. Experience  leaves in our minds some trait, some expression, some image, which will remain there attached to the name of a person, a class, or a nationality. Men are nothing but the distinct survival of some such impression. Epithets in Homer, far from describing the essence of the object -- glankopis Athena enkeides Achaioi -- seem to recall and to give vitality to the story. The presence of the object give the same hint of further discovery, that same expectation we have at the sight of the real.

 Their  actions seem to be and words seem to spring from the inward nature of an individual soul. Goethe  said that he conceived the character of his Gretchen without observation of originals. And, indeed, he would probably not have found any. His creation rather is the original, occasionally  we see some likeness in real maidens. It is the fiction here is the standard of naturalness, as on so many occasions. We may repeat, poetry is truer than history. 

We should reflect that the standard of embarrassment, individuality, and truth is in us If we think there is any paradox in these assertions. . A real person seems to us to have character and consistency when his behaviour is such as to impress a definite and simple image upon our mind and have character and consistency alike. But their characters are not equally intelligible to us, their behaviour is not equally reasonable and their motives not equally appreciable. Those who appeal most to us, either in themselves or by the emphasis they borrow from their similarity to other individuals, are those we remember and regard as the centres around which variations oscillate. These men are natural and  others are more or less eccentric.

Ideal characters.

ยง 46. The standard of naturalness is subjective, and determined by the laws of our imagination. We can understand why a spontaneous creation of the mind can be more striking and living than any reality, or any abstraction from realities. The artist can invent a form , by its adaptation to the imagination, lodges there, and becomes a point of reference for all observations, and a standard of naturalness and beauty.
