We cannot understand exactly how these summations and cancellings
take place when we are not dealing with a visible object. And we may even feel that there is
a wholeness and inwardness about the development of certain ideal characters, that makes such
a treatment of them fundamentally false and artificial. The subjective element, the spontaneous
expression of our own passion and will, here counts for so much, that the creation of an ideal
character becomes a new and peculiar problem.

There is, however, a way of conceiving and delineating character which still bears a close
resemblance to the process by which the imagination produces the type of any physical species.
We may gather, for instance, about the nucleus of a word, designating some human condition
or occupation, a number of detached observations. We may keep a note-book in our memory, or
even in our pocket, with studious observations of the language, manners, dress, gesture, and
history of the people we meet, classifying our statistics under such heads as innkeepers, soldiers,
housemaids, governesses, adventuresses, Germans, Frenchmen, Italians, Americans, actors, priests,
and professors. And then, when occasion offers, to describe, or to put into a book or a play,
any one of these types, all we have to do is to look over our notes, to select according to
the needs of the moment, and if we are skilful in reproduction, to obtain by that means a life-like
image of the sort of person we wish to represent.

This process, which novelists and playwrights may go through deliberately, we all carry on
involuntarily. At every moment experience is leaving in our minds some trait, some expression,
some image, which will remain there attached to the name of a person, a class, or a nationality.
Our likes and dislikes, our summary judgments on whole categories of men, are nothing but the
distinct survival of some such impression. These traits have vivacity. If the picture they
draw is one-sided and inadequate, the sensation they recall may be vivid, and suggestive of
many other aspects of the thing. Thus the epithets in Homer, although they are often far from
describing the essence of the object -- glankopis Athena enkeides Achaioi -- seem to recall
a sensation, and to give vitality to the narrative. By bringing you, through one sense, into
the presence of the object, they give you that same hint of further discovery, that same expectation
of experience, which we have at the sight of whatever we call real.

The graphic power of this method of observation and aggregation of characteristic traits is
thus seen to be great. But it is not by this method that the most famous or most living characters
have been conceived. This method gives the average, or at most the salient, points of the type,
but the great characters of poetry -- a Hamlet, a Don Quixote, an Achilles -- are no averages,
they are not even a collection of salient traits common to certain classes of men. They seem
to be persons; that is, their actions and words seem to spring from the inward nature of an
individual soul. Goethe is reported to have said that he conceived the character of his Gretchen
entirely without observation of originals. And, indeed, he would probably not have found any.
His creation rather is the original to which we may occasionally think we see some likeness
in real maidens. It is the fiction here that is the standard of naturalness. And on this, as
on so many occasions, we may repeat the saying that poetry is truer than history. Perhaps no
actual maid ever spoke and acted so naturally as this imaginary one.

If we think there is any paradox in these assertions, we should reflect that the standard of
naturalness, individuality, and truth is in us. A real person seems to us to have character
and consistency when his behaviour is such as to impress a definite and simple image upon our
mind. In themselves, if we could count all their undiscovered springs of action, all men have
character and consistency alike: all are equally fit to be types. But their characters are
not equally intelligible to us, their behaviour is not equally deducible, and their motives
not equally appreciable. Those who appeal most to us, either in themselves or by the emphasis
they borrow from their similarity to other individuals, are those we remember and regard as
the centres around which variations oscillate. These men are natural: all others are more or
less eccentric.

Ideal characters.

ยง 46. The standard of naturalness being thus subjective, and determined by the laws of our
imagination, we can understand why a spontaneous creation of the mind can be more striking
and living than any reality, or any abstraction from realities. The artist can invent a form
which, by its adaptation to the imagination, lodges there, and becomes a point of reference
for all observations, and a standard of naturalness and beauty.
