We can not understand exactly how these sums and cancellings take place when no object is visible. You may even feel that there is a full interior and ideal development of certain characters, this treatment makes them fundamentally false and artificial. The subjective element, the spontaneous expression of our passion and desire, that here, thus creating an ideal character becomes a new and peculiar problem. 
There are, however, a way of conceiving and delineating the character still has a strong resemblance to the process by which the imagination produces the type of any physical type. We may collect, for example, around the nucleus of a word, the designation of any condition or human occupation, a series of independent observations. We carry a notebook in our memory, or even your pocket, with comments by students of the language, customs, dress, gesture, and the history of the people we know, our statistics classified in their heads as innkeepers, soldiers, maids, governesses, adventurous, German, French, Italian, American, actors, priests and teachers. And then when the opportunity arises, to describe or put into a book or play any of these guys, all we have to do is look over our notes, to select according to the needs of the moment and if they are working in reproduction, in order to obtain an image of life-like the kind of person we want to represent. 

This process, which novelists and playwrights can cross intentionally, we all have involuntarily. Every time the experience is in our mind leaving some trace, some gesture, some image, which will remain there attached to the name of a person, class or nationality. Our likes and dislikes, our summary judgments of entire categories of men are nothing more than the survival of any other impression. These characteristics have vivacity. If the image you get is unilateral and insufficient, that the memory can be intense and reminiscent of many other aspects of the thing. Thus, the epithets of Homer, although they are often far from describing the essence of the object - Athena glankopis enkeides Achaioi - seem to remember a feeling, and to give vitality to the narrative. By bringing to you, through a sense, the presence of the object, which give a touch of discovery, moreover, that the same expectation of experience, we have the light of what we call real. 

The graphic power of this method of observation and the accumulation of characteristics is therefore seen to be big. But this method is the most famous live or most of the characters they are intended. This method gives the average, or up the ridge-type points, but the great characters of poetry - a Hamlet, a Don Quixote, one of Achilles - is average, not even a collection of salient features common to certain classes of men. They seem to be people, that is, their actions and words seem to spring from nature in an individual soul. Goethe is said to have said that the character of Gretchen designed entirely without observation of the originals. And, in fact, probably have found none. Its creation is not the original that sometimes may think we see something similar in real girls. It's fiction here which is the standard of naturalness. And in this, as so often, you can repeat the dictum that poetry is truer than history. Perhaps never any real girl talked and acted as naturally as this imaginary. 

If we think there is no paradox in these statements, we believe that the standard of naturalness, individuality, and truth is in us. A real person who seems to have a character and consistency in their behavior to impress a definite and simple image of our mind. In themselves, if we could have all the springs of action to be discovered, all men have equal conditions and consistency: they are equally suitable for boys. But his characters are not equally intelligible to us, their behavior is also deductible, and their motives are not equally significant. Those who appeal more to us, either in themselves or by the emphasis that they borrow from their similarity with others, are what we remember and respect the variations centers around which oscillate. These men are natural: all others are more or less eccentric. 

Ideal characters. 

ยง 46. The standard of naturalness of being so subjective, and determined by the laws of our imagination, we can understand why a spontaneous creation of the mind can be more striking and vivid than any reality or abstraction of reality. The artist can invent a way that, by its adaptation to the imagination, cottages there, and becomes a reference point for all observations, and a level of naturalness and beauty.
