These summations and cancellings cannot be understood exactly because they take place when we aren't dealing with a visible object, and we may feel that there is a wholeness and inwardness in dealing with the development of certain ideal characters, that makes treatment of them essentially untrue and fake. The subjective element counts in this situation for so much that the creation of a perfect character becomes a strange problem never before seen.
Nevertheless, there is a way of creating characters which still have a close resemblance to how the imagination creates the type of any physical being. Information may be gathered, for instance, about the nucleus of a word, which gives us an idea of a human condition or career or a number of non-connected observations. We may keep a log in our minds, or even in our backpocket, with notes on the observations of the speech, mannerisms, style, gestures, and history of the people we meet, categorizing our statistics under a variety of possibilities, from house maids, to CEOs. And then, when time allows, to go into detail by recording in a manuscript of sorts, any one of these types, all we have to do is to look over our notes--either mental or physical, to select the most appropriate, and if we are skilful in reproduction, to obtain by that means a mirror image of the kind of person we wish to represent.

Novelists and playwrights may go through this process deliberately, we all, however, carry on in this way involuntarily. Experiences are leaving in our minds some trait throughout every second of the day, some expression, some image, which will remain there attached to whichever memory it symbolizes to us. Our preferences, our judgments on whole categories of people, are nothing but the remembrance of an impression. These traits are alive within us and if the picture they draw is biased, then the sensation they recall may be inaccurate, and suggestive of the wrong characteristics of the thing. By bringing you, through your imagination, into the presence of the memory, you encounter the same feeling of understanding and exploration and the expectation of experience, which we have at the sight of whatever we call real.

The strength of the mental images involved with this method of observation and association of characteristics is thus seen to be significant; however, the most famous characters have not been conceived in this manner. This method gives the average, or recognizable, points of the type, but the greatest personalities of poetry -- Hamlet, Don Quixote, Achilles -- are not mediocre or average in any way, they are not even a collection of common traits seen in certain types of men. They seem to be people; that is, their actions and words are borne of the inward natures of a special and distinguished spirit.  Goethe probably conceived the character of Gretchen without any model to mimick, and, he probably wouldn't have found one if he were to look for a model. His character in this case, becomes the original to which we see some likeness in real girls. Oddly enough, in this case, fiction is the standard of natural characteristics. So, perhaps we can argue, as the saying goes,that poetry is truer than history. Maybe no real maid ever acted so naturally as this fictional one.

If there is a paradox in these assertions, it should show the standard of naturalness, individuality, and honesty which is in us. People usually appear to have characteristics when their behavior is aimed to place a specific association in our minds. If we could count all subconscious actions, everyone has character: yet everyone is easily categorized; however, their characters are not necessarily understandable to all people, their behavior is not necessarily decipherable, and their motives not necessarily measurable. The characters that are most appealing to us, either alone or by the realness they resemble to others, are those we regard as the icons around which our personal mimicks circulate. These men are real: all others are greater or lesser caricatures of the original.

Because the standard of originality is subjective and deciphered by the limits of imagination, we better understand why imagination can be more real than any reality, or any differentiation from realities. A form can be invented by the artist, and by its entrance into the mind, lodges there, and becomes the model for all observations, and the standard of what seems normal in our world.
