"No, it was some time I went north, and returned not, - though we expect it of the night. Compose yourself up, and we ask for anything in the world, but to see your grandmother, show me I will I am thy servant, humble leadership."

Say so, Giulietta Curtsied maliciously and laughed, showing her white teeth and shiny, which seemed like a bright pearl.

Agnes Sat down on one of the velvet sofas and bowed her head on her hand.

"Come, now, let me bring you some dinner," said Giulietta. "What say you to a nice roast chicken on a bottle of wine?"

"How can you talk about such matters at the time of the Holy Lent?" Said Agnes.

"Oh, is not afraid of it! Father Stefano groups such as these things the right one for us in the blink of an eye, and especially to do it for you."

"Oh, but, Giulietta, I do not want anything, and I can not eat, if I had to try."

"Ta, ta, ta!" He said Giulietta, out. "Wait until you smell it .... will be back shortly."

And left the room, and lock the door behind them.

In a few moments, is back with a box of silver-rich, which has been dealing with this dish a refreshing smell of steam, along with a roll of white bread, a small glass bottle containing the wine was little choice.

Begged by much persuasion, was induced Agnes to partake of the bread, which is enough to revive to some extent after the toils of the day, and then, she reassured a bit because of the Giulietta familiar, began to take off their clothes, and her partner former help my curiosity to them.

"Princess of me a woman and there, now, you're tired," she said. "I am repulsed unlace private. One of these days your gowns will be all silk, heavy with gold and pearls."

"Giulietta Oh," said Agnes, "No! - Let me - I do not need help."

"Ta, Ta, ta! - You must learn to be on the wait," said Giulietta and urgency. "But, Holy Virgin! What is the issue here? Oh, Agnes, what do you do to yourself?"

"It's a penance, Giulietta", said Agnes, her face clean.

"Well, I think it should have been! Father Francisco should be ashamed of himself, he is a real butcher!"

"I do not to save myself, Giulietta. Cross of our Lord and heal the wound without the killer inside."

At its heart, was a kind of reverence Giulietta secret to this austerity, which on the full instructions of her time and taught for a country he sees the saints in particular. People who live in more of the senses in the world to think outside feels strongly about the appeal of this kind. Giulietta made a sign of the cross, and looked dangerous for several minutes.

"Poor little dove!" She said in the past: "If the requirements must be expiated sins so, what will become of me? Should be, which would put even stores merit with God; certainly sins do not need all this. Agnes, will be a saint one day, such as with the same name in your monastery, and I do not really think. "

"Oh, no, no, Giulietta! Do not talk so! God knows I did wrestle with forbidden thoughts all the time, and I'm not a saint, but the President of sinners."

"This is what he says all the saints," said Giulietta. "But you, O Princess, when it comes, and said he was not allowed, it is staid, nor his wife suffered a little bit" -

"Giulietta, do not talk so, - I can not hear it, - should not be his wife, - and I vowed to be the husband of the Lord."

"However you like Prince to us and handsome," said Giulietta "; There is a great sin you break your heart a little. Well, now, is all, sour dry Francesco father old. I can not commit to it, -, made by a fuss about such sin dismal; old father Girolamo was worth more than a dozen of it, and if you see only our good father, Stefano, and now, he put your mind at ease your on the promise in the blink of an eye, and must be obtained on the needs it was called, we have a leader I was born to lead, and when stooping princes us peasants and girls that we do not have to say No, that's as good as being St. Michael himself he must think of you only in the way of holy matrimony. will justify me, and there are many of the Lord in Rome, Cardinal is not so good, With regard to the princes, and he is one of A, Fares most holy and religious, or that he would do as others do when they have power. "

Agnes started, confused and moved away, as if seeking asylum, and put her down in bed, and reluctantly looking for in the beauty of unwonted, - and then, hiding her face in the pillow, repeating the prayer.
