
"No, he has been some time gone Northward, and has not returned,-- though we expect him to-night.
So compose yourself, and ask for anything in the world, but to see your grandmother, and I
will show that I am your humble servant to command."

So saying, Giulietta curtsied archly and laughed, showing her white, shiny teeth, which looked
as bright as pearls.

Agnes sat down on one of the velvet couches and leaned her head on her hand.

"Come, now, let me bring you some supper," said Giulietta. "What say you to a nice roast fowl
and a bottle of wine?"

"How can you speak of such things in the holy time of Lent?" said Agnes.

"Oh, never you fear about that! Our holy Father Stefano sets such matters right for any of
us in a twinkling, and especially would he do it for you."

"Oh, but, Giulietta, I don't want anything. I couldn't eat, if I were to try."

"Ta, ta, ta!" said Giulietta, going out. "Wait till you smell it. I shall be back in a little
while."

And she left the room, locking the door after her.

In a few moments she returned, bearing a rich silver tray, on which was a covered dish that
steamed a refreshing odor, together with a roll of white bread, and a small glass flacon containing
a little choice wine.

By much entreaty and coaxing, Agnes was induced to partake of the bread, enough to revive her
somewhat after the toils of the day; and then, a little reassured by the familiar presence
of Giulietta, she began to undress, her former companion officiously assisting her.

"There, now, you are tired, my lady princess," she said. "I'll unlace your bodice. One of these
days your gowns will be all of silk, and stiff with gold and pearls."

"Oh, Giulietta," said Agnes, "don't!--let me,--I don't need help."

"Ta, ta, ta!--you must learn to be waited on," said Giulietta, persisting. "But, Holy Virgin!
what is the matter here? Oh, Agnes, what are you doing to yourself?"

"It's a penance, Giulietta," said Agnes, her face flushing.

"Well, I should think it was! Father Francesco ought to be ashamed of himself; he is a real
butcher!"

"He does it to save my soul, Giulietta. The cross of our Lord without will heal a deadly wound
within."

In her heart, Giulietta had somewhat of secret reverence for such austerities, which the whole
instruction of her time and country taught her to regard as especially saintly. People who
live in the senses more than in the world of reflection feel the force of such outward appeals.
Giulietta made the sign of the cross, and looked grave for several minutes.

"Poor little dove!" she said at last, "if your sins must needs be expiated so, what will become
of me? It must be that you will lay up stores of merit with God; for surely your sins do not
need all this. Agnes, you will be a saint some day, like your namesake at the Convent, I truly
do believe."

"Oh, no, no, Giulietta! don't talk so! God knows I wrestle with forbidden thoughts all the
while. I am no saint, but the chief of sinners."

"That's what the saints all say," said Giulietta. "But, my dear princess, when he comes, he
will forbid this; he is lordly, and will not suffer his little wife"--

"Giulietta, don't speak so,--I cannot hear it,--I must not be his wife,--I am vowed to be the
spouse of the Lord."

"And yet you love our handsome prince," said Giulietta; "and there is the great sin you are
breaking your little heart about. Well, now, it's all of that dry, sour old Father Francesco.
I never could abide him,--he made such dismal pother about sin; old Father Girolamo was worth
a dozen of him. If you would just see our good Father Stefano, now, he would set your mind
at ease about your vows in a twinkling; and you must needs get them loosed, for our captain
is born to command, and when princes stoop to us peasant-girls it isn't for us to say nay.
It's being good as Saint Michael himself for him to think of you only in the holy way of marriage.
I'll warrant me, there's many a lord cardinal at Rome that isn't so good; and as to princes,
he is one of a thousand, a most holy and religious knight, or he would do as others do when
they have the power."

Agnes, confused and agitated, turned away, and, as if seeking refuge, laid her down in the
bed, looking timidly up at the unwonted splendor,--and then, hiding her face in the pillow,
began repeating a prayer.
