In 1281-2, Edward
kept his feast of Christmas at Worcester, and there was "such a frost and snow as no man living
could remember the like." Rivers were frozen over, even including the Thames and Severn; fish
in ponds, and birds in woods died for want of food; and on the breaking up of the ice five
of the arches of old London bridge were carried away by the stream, and the like happened to
many other bridges. In 1286 Edward kept his Christmas at Oxford, but the honour was accompanied
by an unpleasant episode in the hanging of the Mayor by the King's command. In 1290, 1292,
and 1303, Edward the First kept Royal Christmases in the great hall at Westminster. On his
way to Scotland, in the year 1299, the King witnessed the Christmas ceremonial of the Boy Bishop.
He permitted one of the boy bishops to say vespers before him in his chapel at Heton, near
Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and made a present to the performers of forty shillings, no inconsiderable
sum in those days. During his Scotch wars, in 1301, Edward, on the approach of winter, took
up his quarters in Linlithgow, where he built a castle and kept his Christmas; and during his
reign he celebrated the festival at other places not usually so honoured--namely, Bury, Ipswich,
Bristol, Berwick, Carlisle, and Lincoln.

EDWARD THE SECOND

succeeded his father in 1307, being the fourth son of Edward I. and Eleanor of Castile. He
took great delight in the Christmas revels and expended large sums of money in the entertainment
of his court favourites. In 1311 he kept his Christmas at York, rejoicing in the presence of
Piers Gaveston, whom he had recalled from banishment in utter disregard of advice given to
him by his father (Edward I.) on his death-bed. Edward II. kept his Christmas in the great
hall at Westminster in 1317, when, however, few nobles were present, "because of discord betwixt
them and the King;" but in 1320 the Royal Christmas was kept at Westminster "with great honour
and glorie." In 1324-5 the King's Christmas was sumptuously observed at Nottingham, but the
following year found Edward a prisoner at Kenilworth, while his wife, who had successfully
intrigued with Roger Mortimer, leader of the Barons, observed the Christmas festivities with
her son at Wallingford, glad at the downfall of her husband. Edward was an irresolute and weak-minded
king. He displayed singular incapacity for government, wasting almost all his time in frivolous
amusements. The chief characteristics of his reign were defeat and disgrace abroad, and misrule
ending in misery at home. Instead of following the example of his noble father, Edward I.,
who has been deservedly styled "the greatest of the Plantagenets," he proved himself the weakest
of that line of kings, spending his time in such trifling diversions as "cross and pile," a
game of chance with coins. He was so utterly devoid of self-respect that he even borrowed money
of his barber to carry on this frivolous pastime, such items as the following being found in
his wardrobe rolls:--"Item, paid to Henry, the king's barber, for money which he lent the king
to play at cross and pile, five shillings. Item, paid to Pires Barnard, usher of the king's
chamber, money which he lent the king, and which he lost at cross and pile; to Monsieur Robert
Wattewille eightpence." At length the barons, tired of Edward's misgovernment, revolted, and
made the king a prisoner. During the Christmas festival of 1326, Edward was imprisoned in Kenilworth
Castle. While there he was informed that in a Parliament held at Westminster, during Christmas
1326-7, he was deposed, and his son Edward, then only fourteen years of age, elected in his
stead. On the 21st of September in the same year Edward II. ended his miserable career in Berkeley
Castle, being, it is supposed, cruelly murdered by his keepers.

EDWARD THE THIRD'S CORONATION

festivities were a sumptuous enlargement of the Christmas celebration, which usually extended
over Twelfth Night. It is said that the banqueting cost the equivalent of forty thousand pounds
of our money; and before the young king there appeared quite a multitude of minstrels, mimics,
and gleemen. Professor Henry Morley[21] gives a specimen of the metrical romances which were
translated from the French for recitation at the royal and noble banquets of this period.
