In 1281-2, Edward kept his Christmas party in Worcester, and had "a cold and the snow like no man could remember the style." The rivers were frozen over, even including the Thames and Severn, in fish ponds and forest birds died from lack of food, and ice-breaking five of the arches of old London Bridge were washed away, and as happened to many other bridges. In 1286 Edward kept his Christmas in Oxford, but the honor was accompanied by an unpleasant episode in the hanging of Mayor by King. In 1290, 1292 and 1303, Edward I of England kept Real Christmas in the great hall of Westminster. On his way to Scotland in 1299, the king saw the ceremony Bishop Chico Christmas. Supports one of the children bishops to say vespers before him in his chapel at Heton, near Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and made a gift to the interpreters of forty shillings, not inconsiderable sum in those days. During his wars in Scotland in 1301, Edward, on Winter's coming, stayed in Linlithgow, where he built a castle and kept his Christmas, and during his reign was celebrated the festival in other places not usually so honest - that is, Bury, Ipswich, Bristol, Berwick, Carlisle and Lincoln. 

Edward II 

He succeeded his father in 1307, the fourth son of Edward I and Eleanor of Castile. He took great delight in the Christmas festivities and spent large sums of money in the entertainment of his court favorites. He kept Christmas in New York in 1311, rejoicing in the presence of Piers Gaveston, who had called from his exile in total disregard of the advice given to him by his father (Eduardo) on his deathbed. Edward II. kept Christmas in the great hall of Westminster 1317, when, however, some nobles were present, "because of discord between them and the king"But in 1320 the Royal Christmas remained at Westminster," with great honor and glory. "At Christmas 1324-5 King noted sumptuously in Nottingham, but the following year Edward was imprisoned in Kenilworth, while his wife, who had successfully intrigued by Roger Mortimer, leader of the barons, found the Christmas holidays with his son Wallingford, happy for the fall of her husband. King Edward was an indecisive and weak-minded. showed singular incapacity for government, losing almost all their time in frivolous entertainment. The main features of his reign was the defeat and shame in abroad, and bad government on ending poverty in the country. Instead of following the example of his noble father, Edward I, who has been deservedly style "the greatest of the Plantagenets," he was weaker than the line of kings, spending his time at which deviations as insignificant as "cross and battery", a game of chance with money. I was so utterly devoid of dignity to borrow money from her hairdresser to carry out this frivolous pastime, items like these that come in rolls of her dress: - "Item, attention to Henry, the king's barber, for money given by the king to play at cross and pile, five shillings. article, attention to Pires Barnard, usher of the king's chamber, the money he lent the king, and lost in the cross and the battery of eight pence Mr. Robert Wattewille. "Finally, the barons, tired of the mismanagement of Edward rebelled and took him prisoner king. During the Christmas festival of 1326, Edward was imprisoned in Kenilworth Castle. While he was not informed that in a Parliament held at Westminster, at Christmas 1326-7, was deposed, and his son Edward, only fourteen years old, elected in his place. On 21 September the same year, Edward II. misery ended his career in Berkeley Castle, being, supposedly, cruelly murdered by his guards. 

The coronation of Edward III 

events were an extension of the wonderful celebration of Christmas, usually spread over the Twelfth Night. It is said that the banquet cost the equivalent of forty thousand pounds of our money, and before the young king did not seem enough to a group of jugglers, mimes, and Gleem. Professor Henry Morley [21] gives a sample of the metrical romances were translated from the French for royal banquets and noble recitation of the time.
