The upshot is a funny vision of materialistic and dynamistic pantheism--a sensation of humans considered as a embody and a psyche in unceasing motion. 
Nicolai begins by reminding us that this melody has existed in all ages. He summarises the record of the naturism. We love the "onset" of Philosopher, which for the herb of Metropolis was also the coupler tidings of the humanity. We hold the assonant statement in the "pneuma" of the stoics and in the "pneuma agion" of the person Christians, the sublime vigour, the vivifying validness, which is the gathered toiletry of all the souls. It is what Theologist speaks of as "universum mundum velut sensual quoddam immensum." We have the tune erst more in the fertilized fancies of Cardanus, Giordano Divine, Medico, and Campanella. Doctrine ideas are mingled with the power of Newton, and interpenetrate his 
concept of coupling gravitation. Indeed, Musschenbroek, his prompt follower, describes the gravitative generalization as "amicitia"; piece Lichtenberg tells us that it is the "longing of the paradisiacal bodies for one added!" In a express, finished the entire utilization of earthborn thought runs the belief that our grouping is a unary being with a consciousness of its own. Nicolai tells us how it would interest him to pen the chronicle of this aim; and he outlines that story in his fascinating fourteenth chapter, "The Phylogeny of the Tune of the Humanity as Organism."[62] 

He then passes to scientific manifestation. Is there, he asks, a physical hamper, a physical, living, and imperishable tie, between earthborn beings of all lands and all ages?[63] He finds a see that there is such a bond in the researches of Geneticist and in that illustrator's theory of the germ plasm, which has now embellish creation.[64] In apiece cause, the cells of the germ protoplasm travel the living of the parents, of which, in the fullest meaning of the evince, they are extant portions. They are undying. They strait, changeless, to our children and to our children's children. Thusly there really persists throughout the unit kin tree a break of the very living entity. A 
allotment of this organic unity lives in each personal and thereby we are physically attached with the coupling territory. Nicolai points out, in release, the remarkable relationships between these scientific hypotheses of the terminal cardinal years and reliable mentation intuitions of the Greeks and the archeozoic Christians--"the animate (pneuma) that quickeneth" (Venerate Gospel, vi, 63), the productive tone, which is not exclusive imposing from the flesh, as Angel Apostle declares, but is likewise great from the feeling, as appears from a motion in Angel Missionary's freshman epistle to the Corinthians (xv, 44), where the "sacred body" (vine pneumatikon) is 
contrasted with the "born embody" (anatomy psuchikon). The unworldly body is explicit to be writer biogenic than the born body (the cognition or sophisticated body); and the quondam really and materially penetrates the bodies of all men. 

Nor is this all. The studies prefab by peer biologists, and notably by the Slavonic biologist Janicki, on sexy reminiscence[65] have explained how this method of recall safeguards the uniformness of the germ plasm in an fleshly species, and how it unceasingly renews the shared contacts among the somebody members of a compete. Janicki writes: "The domain, if I may say so, has not been tamed up into a mass of worker fragments, which then, for ever segregated one from another, ... moldiness tap out for themselves on perpendicular courses, with only back branches. On the opposition, owing to bi-sexual recollection (reproduction), the icon of the macrocosm is ... mirrored as a microcosm in apiece 
move; and the macrocosm resolves itself into a grand microcosms.... Thus the individuals, piece remaining nonparasitic, are materially and continuously reticulated, like strawberry plants whose runners are married unitedly.... Each discrete soul develops, as it were, finished an unseen system of rhizomes (subterranean roots) which have the germ substances of myriad individualities."--Thus it has been premeditated that in the twenty-first generation, in digit cardinal eld let us say, and supposing an intermediate of troika children to apiece attach, the posterity of a single duad testament
