The outcome is a strange vision of worldly and dynamistic pantheism--a vision of humanity considered as a body and a soul in constant action. 
Nicolai begins by reminding us that this thought has existed in all ages. He summarises the past of the principle. We have the "fire" of Heraclitus, which for the wise of Ephesus was also the worldwide cleverness of the world. We have the same thing in the "pneuma" of the stoics and in the "pneuma agion" of the prehistoric Christians, the holy force, the vivifying power, which is the intense spirit of all the souls. It is what Origen speaks of as "universum mundum velut animal quoddam immensum." We meet the thought once more in the lush fancies of Cardanus, Giordano Bruno, Paracelsus, and Campanella. Animistic ideas are mingled with the science of Newton, and infuse his premise of worldwide gravitation. Indeed, Musschenbroek, his immediate follower, describes the gravitative code as "amicitia"; while Lichtenberg tells us that it is the "desire of the wonderful bodies for one another!" In a word, through the entire growth of human being thought runs the faith that our world is a single creature with an awareness of its own. Nicolai tells us how it would interest him to write the history of this idea; and he outlines that history in his charming fourteenth chapter, "The Evolution of the Idea of the World as Organism."[62] 
Then he passes to systematic expression. Is there, he asks, a textile link, a physical, living, and lasting tie, between human beings of all lands and all ages?[63] He finds an evidence that there is such a link in the researches of Weismann and in that writer's theory of the bug plasm, which has now turn out to be typical.[64] In each human being, the cells of the bug plasm continue the life of the parents, of which, in the fullest sense of the word, they are living wage of portions. They are endless. They go by, ageless, to our children and to our children's children. A portion of this natural unity lives in each individual and thus we are bodily connected with the worldwide society. Nicolai points out, in passing, the extraordinary dealings between these systematic hypotheses of the last thirty years and certain spiritual intuitions of the Greeks and the early Christians--"the strength (pneuma) that quickeneth" (Saint John, vi, 63), the generative strength, which is not only eminent from the flesh, as Saint John declares, but is similarly eminent from the soul, as appears from a passage in Saint Paul's first epistle to the Corinthians (xv, 44), where the "spiritual body" (soma pneumatikon) is contrasted with the "natural body" (soma psuchikon). The spiritual body is declared to be extra vital than the natural body (the psychical or intellectual body); and the former actually and significantly penetrates the bodies of all men. 
The studies completed by modern biologists, as well as particularly by the Russian biologist Janicki, on sexual reproduction [65] have explained how this technique of reproduction safeguards the homogeneity of the bug plasm in a creature genus, and how it constantly renews the mutual contacts among the individual members of a race. Janicki writes: “May I say, the world haven’t be broken up into a group of self-governing wreckage, which then, for ever isolated one from another ... must hit out for themselves on direct courses, with only side twigs. On opposing, owing to bi-sexual reproduction (amphimixis), the mirror image of the macrocosm is resolves itself into a thousand microcosms.... Therefore the people are significantly and incessantly unified, like strawberry plants whose runners are joined together.... Every single person develops, all the way through an invisible system of rhizomes (subterranean roots) which join the bug substances of innumerable individualities…"--As a result it has been intended that in the twenty-first generation, in five hundred years we supposing an average of three children to each couple, the posterity of a single couple will be the same in amount to the whole humanity.
