The result is a strange vision of materialistic pantheism dynamistic - a vision of humanity considered as a body and soul in constant motion. 
Nicolai begins by reminding us that this idea has existed in all ages. He summarizes the history of doctrine. We have the "fire" of Heraclitus, the sage of Ephesus was also the universal intelligence of the world. We have the same in the pneuma "of the Stoics and Agion pneuma" of the early Christians, the sacred energy, life-giving force, which is the concentrated essence of all souls. This is what Origen speaks of as "universum quoddam Mundum immensum velute animal. We find the idea again in the fertile imagination of Cardanus, Giordano Bruno, Paracelsus, and Campanella. Animist ideas mixed with the science of Newton and his assumption of the impregnation universal gravitation. In fact, Musschenbroek, his immediate disciple, describes the gravitational principle as "Amicitia" while Lichtenberg tells us is the desire "of celestial bodies for each other!" In summary, during the development of human thought runs the belief that our world is one body with self-consciousness. Nicolai tells us how you care to write the history of this idea, noting that the fascinating story in Chapter XIV, "The evolution of the idea of the world as one body." [62] 

It then reverts to scientific demonstration. Is there, asks, a binding material, the body of one, life and lasting ties between people of all lands and all ages? [63] found evidence that such relationship exists in the research of Weismann and, in theory, this writer of germplasm, which has become a classic. [64] In each individual, the germ cells of plasma to follow the lives of parents, who, in the full sense of the word, they are living portions. They are immortal. Pass, which does not change, our children and our children's children. So it really persists throughout the pedigree of some of the living substance itself. Part of the organic unity of individual life and therefore are physically connected to the universal community. Nicolai said that, incidentally, relations between these hypotheses notable scientists of the past thirty years and some mystical knowledge of the Greeks and early Christians - "the spirit (pneuma) that gives life" (John, vi, 63), generous spirit, which not only differs from the flesh, as St. John states, but also distinguishes the soul, as is clear from a passage in Paul's first epistle to the Corinthians (xv, 44), where the "spiritual body" (soma pneumatikon) is contrasted with the body "natural" (soma psuchikon). The spiritual body stated that it is essential that the natural body (mental or intellectual body), and the former real and the material enters the bodies of all men. 

That's not all. Studies by modern biologists, and especially by the Russian biologist Janicki, in sexual reproduction [65] have explained how this method of reproduction to ensure the homogeneity of the germplasm of a species, and how to continuously update their mutual contacts between the members of one race. Janicki wrote: "The world, if I may say, has not been broken in a mass of independent fragments, then, forever isolated from each other, ... that should be in the course of the law, a lateral branches. In Conversely, due to bisexual reproduction (amphimixis), the image is a microcosm of the macrocosm ... reflected in each hand, and the macrocosm is resolved in a microcosm thousand .... Thus individuals, while remaining independent, are physically interconnected continuous, as the strawberry plants that riders join .... Each individual is developed separately, so to speak, through an invisible system of rhizomes (underground roots) that bind to countless individuals germ substances. "- It is estimated that in the generation of 2500 years which left us the example, and assuming an average of three children per couple, children of a couple have the same number for the whole human race.
