The upshot is a strange vision of materialistic and dynamistic pantheism--a
vision of humanity considered as a body and a soul in unceasing motion.

Nicolai begins by reminding us that this idea has existed in all ages. He summarises the history
of the doctrine. We have the "fire" of Heraclitus, which for the sage of Ephesus was also the
universal intelligence of the world. We have the same thing in the "pneuma" of the stoics and
in the "pneuma agion" of the primitive Christians, the sacred energy, the vivifying force,
which is the concentrated essence of all the souls. It is what Origen speaks of as "universum
mundum velut animal quoddam immensum." We encounter the idea once more in the fertile fancies
of Cardanus, Giordano Bruno, Paracelsus, and Campanella. Animistic ideas are mingled with the
science of Newton, and permeate his hypothesis of universal gravitation. Indeed, Musschenbroek,
his immediate disciple, describes the gravitative principle as "amicitia"; while Lichtenberg
tells us that it is the "longing of the heavenly bodies for one another!" In a word, through
the whole development of human thought runs the belief that our world is a single organism
with a consciousness of its own. Nicolai tells us how it would interest him to write the history
of this idea; and he outlines that history in his fascinating fourteenth chapter, "The Evolution
of the Idea of the World as Organism."[62]

He then passes to scientific demonstration. Is there, he asks, a material bond, a bodily, living,
and enduring tie, between human beings of all lands and all ages?[63] He finds a proof that
there is such a bond in the researches of Weismann and in that writer's theory of the germ
plasm, which has now become classic.[64] In each individual, the cells of the germ plasm continue
the life of the parents, of which, in the fullest sense of the word, they are living portions.
They are undying. They pass, changeless, to our children and to our children's children. Thus
there really persists throughout the whole genealogical tree a part of the same living substance.
A portion of this organic unity lives in each individual and thereby we are physically connected
with the universal community. Nicolai points out, in passing, the remarkable relationships
between these scientific hypotheses of the last thirty years and certain mystical intuitions
of the Greeks and the early Christians--"the spirit (pneuma) that quickeneth" (Saint John,
vi, 63), the generative spirit, which is not only distinguished from the flesh, as Saint John
declares, but is likewise distinguished from the soul, as appears from a passage in Saint Paul's
first epistle to the Corinthians (xv, 44), where the "spiritual body" (soma pneumatikon) is
contrasted with the "natural body" (soma psuchikon). The spiritual body is declared to be more
essential than the natural body (the psychical or intellectual body); and the former really
and materially penetrates the bodies of all men.

Nor is this all. The studies made by contemporary biologists, and notably by the Russian biologist
Janicki, on sexual reproduction[65] have explained how this method of reproduction safeguards
the homogeneity of the germ plasm in an animal species, and how it unceasingly renews the mutual
contacts among the individual members of a race. Janicki writes: "The world, if I may say so,
has not been broken up into a mass of independent fragments, which then, for ever isolated
one from another, ... must strike out for themselves on straight courses, with only side branches.
On the contrary, owing to bi-sexual reproduction (amphimixis), the image of the macrocosm is
... reflected as a microcosm in each part; and the macrocosm resolves itself into a thousand
microcosms.... Thus the individuals, while remaining independent, are materially and continuously
interconnected, like strawberry plants whose runners are joined together.... Each separate
individual develops, as it were, through an invisible system of rhizomes (subterranean roots)
which unite the germ substances of countless individualities."--Thus it has been calculated
that in the twenty-first generation, in five hundred years let us say, and supposing an average
of three children to each couple, the posterity of a single couple will be equal in number
to the entire human race.
