The Queen should upkeep the royal honour and  hold up title and dignity with the part of revenue of the crown.  After the death of the King the leading power of France should descend to Henry and his heirs for ever is consequence of the inability of the King's mind.  Henry should function of grand basic points with other conditions as Regent administer the affairs of government with a council of the nobles of France.

Henry's authority and rights as Regent and King was agreed on certain articles[203] of friendship  between the Duke of Burgundy and Henry, with the condition that Henry should protect all  his  rights. Protect against all his enemies, including the murderers of his father.

[Footnote 203:These articles were signed on the following January during the truce.]

To agree the truce  was concluded at (p. 277) Rouen on December 24th, to continue to the 1st of March on condition  that the Dauphin should be excluded, was prolonged  to March 24th. During this time the war was furiously continuing  on by the English and Burgundian forces against the Dauphin.  English at that time were stationed at  Normandy was restricted. As though the peace was absolutely  concluded, people of the two nations were in amicable and familiar a manner.  The people of Paris reverently desired and professed that English King were Regent of France.  They prayed to Henry for the preservation of their rights and liberties.  Ambassadors  objected  the terms of the proposed treaty for the reason, it will damage throne of France  title[204]. We may believe that Henry  was anxious to make the beloved Princess his  wife, that he expressed his desire to stop the war since all conditions were agreeable and left Rouen  to Troyes where the French court and the Duke of Burgundy were stationed.  Henry was warmly welcomed that the people hastened out of the city to see him (p. 278).

[Footnote 204: About this time, John, Duke of Bedford, the King's brother, had an offer of the reversion of the crown of Naples. The negotiations were failure.]

Henry visited to the King, the Queen, and the Princess at Troyes, we cannot imagine how the love to  Katharine influenced the negotiations. A final agreement and continuing peace was  sworn  by Charles, King of France and his beloved Henry, King of England, heir of France.  It was solemnly decided  with the very important provision that after Charles's death, the two kingdoms of England and France were to  be united under one King for ever.

Many of the Continental princes, became parties to treaty which was signed at Troyes, May 21, 1420. Emperor Sigismund and many of the Continental princes were also present. The same day Katharine and Henry were married at St. Peter's Church, in Troyes. Proclamation of the peace was made both in the French and the English languages[205]. On June 24  proclaimed at Paris and the principal cities of France (p. 279). Proclaimed in London at St. Paul's Cross after a solemn procession and a sermon. An ordinance was made for breaking the great contract law of England on which to the King's title should be added.   A corresponding order was given his mint at Rouen for a change of the inscription on the coinage there.[206].

[Footnote 205: The letter which Sir Hugh Luttrell wrote to the King expresses satisfaction and joy with which this peace between the two countries was generally hailed as an  unexpected blessing. Incidentally a testimony to Henry's patronizing  kind attention to his old comrade in arms.
