Thirdly, that the Queen also should during
her life retain her title and dignity, with such a part of the revenues of the crown as would
be suitable to maintain the royal honour. Moreover, that the crown of France, with all its
dominions, should, after the death of the King, descend to Henry and his heirs for ever; that,
in consequence of the incapacity of the King's mind, Henry should as Regent administer the
affairs of government, with a council of the nobles of France; with other stipulations subservient
to these grand fundamental points.

The Duke of Burgundy also agreed on certain articles[203] of amity between himself and Henry,
stipulating to give his own support of Henry's authority and rights as Regent and King; in
return for Henry's protection of him in all his rights, and against all his enemies, especially
against the murderers of his father.

                   [Footnote 203: These articles were signed on the
                   following January during the armistice.]

To effect these great ends, a general armistice was concluded at   (p. 277) Rouen, December
24th, to continue to the 1st of March, from which it was provided that the Dauphin should be
excluded. This truce was afterwards prolonged to March 24th. Meanwhile, the war was vigorously
carried on by the English and Burgundian forces against the Dauphin; whilst on the confines
of Normandy, where the English at that time were stationed, every thing was conducted by the
people of the two nations in as amicable and familiar a manner as though the peace had absolutely
been concluded, and the English King were Regent of France; an object, as they professed, most
devoutly desired by the people of Paris, who sent their deputies to bespeak the good offices
of Henry for the preservation of their rights and liberties.[204] Henry's ambassadors made
many objections to the terms of the proposed treaty, chiefly on the ground that, by accepting
them, Henry would injure his then title to the throne of France. But he saw himself that all
essentials were provided for; and desirous of terminating the war, and more anxious (we may
believe) to make the beloved Princess his own wife, left Rouen on his journey to Troyes, where
the French court and the Duke of Burgundy were. Henry passed so near to the walls of Paris,
that the people hastened out of the city to see him; and they      (p. 278) greeted him with
joyous and welcoming acclamations.

                   [Footnote 204: About this time, John, Duke of
                   Bedford, the King's brother, had an offer of the
                   reversion of the crown of Naples; but the
                   negociations ended in no successful issue.]

Henry, arriving at Troyes, made an immediate visit to the King, the Queen, and the Princess.
How far the love of Henry towards Katharine expedited the negociations we cannot tell. Every
difficulty, however, vanished; and a final agreement and perpetual peace was made and sworn
to "by Charles, King of France, and his dearest and most beloved son, Henry, King of England,
constituted heir of the crown and Regent of France." Henry having consented during Charles's
life not to assume the title of King of France, Charles promised always to style Henry "our
most illustrious son, Henry, King of England, heir of France." After Charles's death, the two
kingdoms of England and France were to be for ever united under one King. Many other articles
swell this solemn league, which are all subservient to these leading provisions.

This treaty was signed at Troyes, May 21, 1420, in the presence of the Emperor Sigismund and
many of the Continental princes, all of whom became parties thereto. On the same day Katharine
and Henry were affianced before the high altar of St. Peter's Church, in Troyes; in which city
proclamation of the peace[205] was made both in the French and the English tongue. It was afterwards
proclaimed at Paris,     (p. 279) and the principal cities of France; and, on June 24, it was
proclaimed in London, after a solemn procession and a sermon at St. Paul's Cross: and an ordinance
was made for breaking the great seal of England, and making another, on which to the King's
title should be added, "Regent and heir-apparent of France;" and a corresponding order was
given to the officers of his mint at Rouen for a change of the inscription on the coinage there."[206]

                   [Footnote 205: The heartfelt satisfaction and joy
                   with which this peace between the two countries was
                   generally hailed as a new and unexpected blessing,
                   is conveyed to us in a most lively manner by the
                   letter which Sir Hugh Luttrell wrote to the King on
                   the occasion, and which bears at the same time
                   incidental testimony to Henry's condescending and
                   kind attention to his old comrade in arms.
