When she received the telegraph, she was not expecting it to be from James. He had not called or sent anything before. She opened the envelope and saw the signature of James Morehouse, She did not know why he would be sending her anything.
Inside the envelope she read,"While flying today the airplane fell in ocean near Sardinia. Pilot was killed and co-pilot injured. Sorry to be brief, wished to inform you before word got out."
Oddly, this did not concern her. It was as if she was reading about a virtual stranger. 
She suddenly noticed that a hotel worker was watching her appraisingly. When he inquired as to if she was okay, she responded that she was just surprised, but was fine. 

He asked,"Can I do anything for you?" 
To which she replied, " I am fine. I am just going to head to my room."


Once she could get her mind functioning, she realized that she should send her letter to Nick, even though it was not quite done. She could jot a quick note at the end (but not mention the pansies.) And maybe she should even enclose the telegram. But instead, she did nothing. A couple of days later she did send off the long letter, but changed nothing about it. She just waited, not knowing what was to come next. She even avoided reading the papers, despite the fact that the incident would be of public interest and would be prominently mentioned in the news. 

She received another telegram on the third day. The familiar name at the bottom brought her back to life. It read,"I know what happened. When can I come to you?" She noticed that he wanted to know when he could come, not if he was allowed to come. While before she would have thought this a bad idea, now it seemed perfectly right. She wanted to send and tell him to come immediately, and that was what he would have wished for as well. But, she thought better, and told him to wait. She did not want to see him until she had a place of her own for him to come to. Until then, he would be in her thoughts. 

Mrs. May was very concerned about her home being done quickly. She wanted the house and grounds completed as soon as possible. Her architect thought this was cute. With her seemingly limitless supply of money, she could afford to have crews of men working around the clock to finish her home. She had even selected fine wooden furniture from San Francisco. 

She begged the architect to have everything done by Christmas Eve dinner in her home. She had not had a happy Christmas Eve since Franklin Merriam died. The architect agreed, much as one would agree to a child making a Christmas wish. In her joy, she finally wrote to Nick, telling him of the housewarming party that she had planned. She was including five people, with her NIck being the quest of honor. Her other invitees were Mr. Falconer and his wife, Miss WIlkin's, who had taught Nick at Lucky Star, Miss WIlkins and Mrs. Harland. 

While she was overjoyed about the party, Nick was not concerned. He was only interested in her acquaintance. But, he knew, she was only trying to make sure he had a good time as well. She finally allowed him to arrive early and in making this concession, made him very happy to get his precious time alone with her, without disappointing the other quests. 

He was the first to see the gorgeous new house, the one designed to look like the Mission Inn, the place where they first began to discuss their future. 
When they were at last reunited, they could barely even speak, their hearts being too full of love for one another. He did not ask her to marry him, and she did not have to tell him that now she was able to spend the rest of her life with him. These things were unspoken. When the other guests arrived, Angela was able to have her happy Christmas Eve and inform her guests that she was now engaged to the greatest man in the world and she could not be happier.
