At the same time, a friend pondered whether required capital could be borrowed for enough dairy-farming and water-power for both tramway and funicular; the other friend searched for differentiations and unrest and searched his memory for past knowledge with regard to various tribes that inhabit the country. 

The scientific man, always interested in causing a scene, even minor once such as remaining reticent in a picturesque nature scene, commented, "do you regret not bringing painting supplies? You seem like a painter."

The practical man who was used to weighing motivations, retorted, "If you are not a painter, then I propose you are a writer, thinking of how to use descriptions of this place."

At this point, the third traveler noted, "Listen, I am not an artist. I am neither a painter or writer, and it's a good thing too. Because I am not an artist, I can appreciate my surroundings, without having to look at angles, or metaphors.  Although, I would love to have the art to keep this scenery with me.  Upon our return to London it is possible for me to enjoy hearing you talking about progress and geological outcomes, as this will trigger my memories of this scene - albeit a scene which you have ruined with your chatter."

Simultaneously, the other two remarked, "That's what it is to be artsy."

With anger, the third man retorted, "And you think you are being practical or scientific."

While the attitudes of the practical and scientific man differed greatly, as the practical man was singularly focused on results, and the scientific man focusing not on beneficial results, but on causality, both differed similarly to the man who postulated on nature and the scenery.  The third man thought that practical man and the scientific man were thinking of consequences and origin.  They were separate from the landscape. The practical man analyzed the utility of his surrounding, looking at the plain and the hill, to gauge water level and the possibility of tramway by a funicular.  The scientific man turned his back to nature, looking at specific rocks. However, the men missed that outside of the items, and the angles of the items, was a way to comprehend the landscape in a spiritual nature.  The practical man saw both the hills as well as the practical possibilities those hill could become, seeing not only a hill, but the progress the hills can contain from advertisements to tram-lines.  Instead of seeing hills, the scientific man's inner eye saw geological stages, and nature under a microscope.  The men only saw not what was there, but passed over the scene to see what they desired.  Thoughts led one to another, which led to an excitement.  However, this excitement was not in regard to the images, but to the reality that the thoughts were emerging.  There was a goal, not an appreciation of the scenery itself.  The exciting factor for both men was what the scene would bring, whether future outcomes, or disconnected, scientific, impersonal facts, respectively. 

We will now move onto the cerebral beliefs of the third man, the man whom the other two believed was a writer, and wrote off as an artsy person.
 
CHAPTER III

ELEMENTS VERSUS OBJECTS

After finding a specific perspective which he preferred, the man paused and thought of the images it provided him.
