
Meanwhile one of his companions fell to wondering whether there really was sufficient pasture
for dairy-farming and water-power for both tramway and funicular, and where the necessary capital
could be borrowed; and the other one hunted about for marks of stratification and upheaval,
and ransacked his memory for historical data about the various tribes originally inhabiting
that country.

"I suppose you're a painter and regretting you haven't brought your sketching materials?" said
the scientific man, always interested in the causes of phenomena, even such trifling ones as
a man remaining quiet before a landscape.

"I reckon you are one of those literary fellows, and are planning out where you can use up
a description of this place"--corrected the rapid insight of the practical man, accustomed
to weigh people's motives in case they may be turned to use.

"I am not a painter, and I'm not a writer"--exclaimed the third traveller, "and I thank Heaven
I'm not! For if I were I might be trying to engineer a picture or to match adjectives, instead
of merely enjoying all this beauty. Not but that I should like to have a sketch or a few words
of description for when I've turned my back upon it. And Heaven help me, I really believe that
when we are all back in London I may be quite glad to hear you two talking about your tramway-funicular
company and your volcanic and glacial action, because your talk will evoke in my mind the remembrance
of this place and moment which you have done your best to spoil for me--"

"That's what it is to be aesthetic"--said the two almost in the same breath.

"And that, I suppose"--answered the third with some animosity--"is what you mean by being practical
or scientific."

Now the attitude of mind of the practical man and of the man of science, though differing so
obviously from one another (the first bent upon producing new and advantageous results, the
second examining, without thought of advantage, into possible causes), both differed in the
same way from the attitude of the man who was merely contemplating what he called the beauty
of the scene. They were, as he complained, thinking of what might be done and of how it had
all come about. That is to say they were both thinking away from that landscape. The scientific
man actually turned his back to it in examining first one rock, then another. The practical
man must have looked both at the plain in front and at the hill he was on, since he judged
that there was pasture and water-power, and that the steepness required supplementing the tramway
by a funicular. But besides the different items of landscape, and the same items under different
angles, which were thus offered to these two men's bodily eyes, there was a far greater variety,
and rapider succession of items and perspectives presented to the eyes of their spirit: the
practical man's mental eye seeing not only the hills, plain, and town with details not co-existing
in perspective or even in time, but tram-lines and funiculars in various stages of progress,
dairy-products, pasture, houses, dynamos, waterfalls, offices, advertisements, cheques, etc.,
etc., and the scientific man's inner vision glancing with equal speed from volcanoes to ice-caps
and seas in various stages of geological existence, besides minerals under the microscope,
inhabitants in prehistoric or classic garb, let alone probably pages of books and interiors
of libraries. Moreover, most, if not all these mental images (blocking out from attention the
really existing landscape) could be called images only by courtesy, swished over by the mental
eye as by an express train, only just enough seen to know what it was, or perhaps nothing seen
at all, mere words filling up gaps in the chain of thought. So that what satisfaction there
might be in the case was not due to these rapidly scampered through items, but to the very
fact of getting to the next one, and to a looming, dominating goal, an ultimate desired result,
to wit, pounds, shillings, and pence in the one case, and a coherent explanation in the other.
In both cases equally there was a kaleidoscopic and cinematographic succession of aspects,
but of aspects of which only one detail perhaps was noticed. Or, more strictly speaking, there
was no interest whatever in aspects as such, but only in the possibilities of action which
these aspects implied; whether actions future and personally profitable, like building tram-lines
and floating joint-stock companies, or actions mainly past and quite impersonally interesting,
like those of extinct volcanoes or prehistoric civilisations.

Now let us examine the mental attitude of the third man, whom the two others had first mistaken
for an artist or writer, and then dismissed as an aesthetic person.

CHAPTER III

ASPECTS VERSUS THINGS

HAVING settled upon a particular point of view as the one he liked best, he remained there
in contemplation of the aspect it afforded him.
