The preliminaries of peace with your country, in October, 1801, were, however, soon followed
with a renewal of our former friendly intercourse with the Ottoman Porte. The voyage of Sebastiani
into Egypt and Syria, in the autumn of 1802, showed that our tenderness for the inhabitants
of these countries had not diminished, and that we soon intended to bestow on them new hugs
of fraternity.  Your pretensions to Malta impeded our prospects in the East, and your obstinacy
obliged us to postpone our so well planned schemes of encroachments.  It was then that Bonaparte
first selected for his representative to the Grand Seignior, General Brune, commonly called
by Moreau, Macdonald, and other competent judges of military merit, an intriguer at the head
of armies, and a warrior in time of peace when seated in the Council chamber.

This Brune was, before the Revolution, a journeyman printer, and married to a washerwoman,
whose industry and labour alone prevented him from starving, for he was as vicious as idle.
The money he gained when he chose to work was generally squandered away in brothels, among
prostitutes.  To supply his excesses he had even recourse to dishonest means, and was shut
up in the prison of Bicetre for robbing his master of types and of paper.

In the beginning of the Revolution, his very crimes made him an acceptable associate of Marat,
who, with the money advanced by the Orleans faction, bought him a printing-office, and he printed
the so dreadfully well-known journal, called 'L'Amie du Peuple'.  From the principles of this
atrocious paper, and from those of his sanguinary patron, he formed his own political creed.
He distinguished himself frequently at the clubs of the Cordeliers, and of the Jacobins, by
his extravagant motions, and by provoking laws of proscription against a wealth he did not
possess, and against a rank he would have dishonoured, but did not see without envy.  On the
30th of June, 1791, he said, in the former of these clubs:

"We hear everywhere complaints of poverty; were not our eyes so often disgusted with the sight
of unnatural riches, our hearts would not so often be shocked at the unnatural sufferings of
humanity.  The blessings of our Revolution will never be felt by the world, until we in France
are on a level, with regard to rank as well as to fortune.  I, for my part, know too well the
dignity of human nature ever to bow to a superior; but, brothers and friends, it is not enough
that we are all politically equal, we must also be all equally rich or equally poor--we must
either all strive to become men of property, or reduce men of property to become sans-culottes.
Believe me, the aristocracy of property is more dangerous than the aristocracy of prerogative
or fanaticism, because it is more common.  Here is a list sent to 'L' Amie du People', but
of which prudence yet prohibits the publication.  It contains the names of all the men of property
of Paris, and of the Department of the Seine, the amount of their fortunes, and a proposal
how to reduce and divide it among our patriots.  Of its great utility in the moment when we
have been striking our grand blows, nobody dares doubt; I, therefore, move that a brotherly
letter be sent to every society of our brothers and friends in the provinces, inviting each
of them to compose one of similar contents and of similar tendency, in their own districts,
with what remarks they think proper to affix, and to forward them to us, to be deposited, in
the mother club, after taking copies of them for the archives of their own society."

His motion was decreed.

Two days afterwards, he again ascended the tribune.  "You approved," said he, "of the measures
I lately proposed against the aristocracy of property; I will now tell you of another aristocracy
which we must also crush--I mean that of religion, and of the clergy.  Their supports are folly,
cowardice, and ignorance.  All priests are to be proscribed as criminals, and despised as impostors
or idiots; and all altars must be reduced to dust as unnecessary.  To prepare the public mind
for such events, we must enlighten it; which can only be done by disseminating extracts from
'L' Amie du People', and other philosophical publications. I have here some ballads of my own
composition, which have been sung in my quarter; where all superstitious persons have already
trembled, and all fanatics are raving.  If you think proper, I will, for a mere trifle, print
twenty thousand copies of them, to be distributed and disseminated gratis all over France."

After some discussion, the treasurer of the club was ordered to advance Citizen Brune the sum
required, and the secretary to transmit the ballads to the fraternal societies in the provinces.

Brune put on his first regimentals as an aide-decamp to General Santerre in December, 1792,
after having given proofs of his military prowess the preceding September, in the massacre
of the prisoners in the Abbey.
