Here I am going to narrate a few dialogue between a person called Sanin and Maria Nikolaevna.
         When Maria Nikolaevna encouraged Sanin to describe her about his Estate he began to describe it for her. He gave her all the details about the estate like how many acres it contained, where is it situated and what are its agricultural advantages,and the amount of profit it could make out and all.  He even  told her a detailed account of the house also. Maria very attentively heard all that was told by him. After a while Sanin felt  very awkward of his lecture and he stopped and waited for her reply. After a moments thought Maria replied him  that she is willing to purchase the estate but she need just two days before the deal. She also inquired him if he is bothered  much about the  sepearation from his bethrothed one for just two days.She even offered him a loan of five or six thousand francs at once if he wish so.
     Sanin got up  and thanked her for her kindheartedness towards him even though he is a person unknown to her before. He agreed to wait for two days even if it was hard for him to part with his betrothed.
      Again Maria asked him whether it was true that he was a close friend of her husband lppolit Sidorovitch? He replied her that they were educated in the same school. Then she inquired him whether he was the same then also.  And she began to laugh till her face became red after that she went towards him and held out her hand for him. 
  Sanin bowed over it and went out.She reminded him to come early next morning and she dropped down to an easy chair. She looked enchanting and 
beautiful.
      Sanin sat down to the table and began to write a letter to "Gemma". He narrated her all that happened on that day and described the Polozovs and ended with the expectation of  meeting her after three days. He posted the letter early in the morning and he went for a walk in the garden of the Kurhaus where music was played.He spent sometime there listening the music and drank a coffee and went and sat on a bench and began to day dream.At this time Maria Nikolavena came to him aroused him with the handle of parasol. She looked  so fresh in the morning.
 She told him she sent for him  and he had been left before that. She asked him to join her for a walk as she have to walk for a whole hour.Sanin agreed to walk with her even though he already had a walk. Maria  asked for his arm and she also told him he need not have  to be afraid as his betrothed is not there and she cannot see this.
