There are separated columns on the sides of the piers in the space set aside as passage for water, each column giving strength to a ribbed moulding of the arch above and the entire construct being given a final touch up with interlaced and foliated capitals.
The arch at the center is constructed to be narrower than the ones at the outer; the reason for this will be known once we observe and take note of the manner in which the doorways open up to the side passages of the nave. Suppose the architect had made the three arches of equal breadth; then the piers that support the center arch must have been right in front of the door-ways or alternately the arch on the outer side would have had to contract to the extent that the turrets right within the line of transept would have concealed the towers at the back at least partially. 
It is clear that the turrets, piers and arches, as we see them today were not part of a plan originally conceived. The intervening space between the pillars that go to sustain the center arch is quite differently made as compared to the ones on the outer in this sense that they remain chequered at regular intervals with cluster of foliage in a way as to indicate that the ebullience of the spirit to go in for some kind of a decoration, will one way or the other neutralize the impact of the lack or otherwise of a real ornamentation and thereby get over the inequality in other aspects. The inequality referred to has further been set aside by the provision of a porch, which on a minute observation gives the impression of having been constructed later in order to give support to the central piers, which had shown a tilt, or a small shift away from the verticality as can be seen till now. From the top of each arch goes up an exalted pediment enveloped by the wave and billet ornaments and a perforated cross getting on top of them all. The spandrels formed at the base of the pediment and the arches beneath carry with them firstly a deeply recessed quatrefoil, then on its top two trefoil arches and still further up two pointed arches, supported by two slender pillars and packed with statues –and also a hexagon the featherings of which hold a human head.                         
The pediments contain a large circular light, each one of them with openings for entry of light and niches. There are mullions that separate the circle of the central pediment into eight lights below the trefoil arches emanating out of the orb. The ones on the sides are however divided into six lights the featherings thereof being extremely beautiful. The mullions or radii are all faced with small pillars and capitals and delineated with dog-toothed quatrefoil. The central circle’s exterior moulding has been created with closely and neatly done trefoils whereas the other pediments contain the wavy ornamentation. Separate columns support the series of trefoil arches seen at the base of each circle; four of these incidentally admit light to enter an apartment above the arched roof and three carry statues. The intervening space that is found between the circle and the pediments have two niches or hollows on both sides and above all filled with statues. The niches in the apex of the central pediment carry statue most probably of St, Peter, to whom the church is dedicated representing the great apostle along with all other symbols of authority of the bishop of Rome like the pointed head dresses, cloth spread over a coffin, keys etc.  
The small towers referred to earlier are divided in to six stages by the circular shaped mouldings and narrow cords that are seen empanelled from the front by arches having different shapes, sizes and forms. At the initial step from the ground and coming from out of a channeled base are two raised pointing arches sustained by the support of two thin pillars. In the second stage are four trefoil arches held in the same fashion, and this pattern is followed in the front layer of the inside wall just over the doorways, making the foundation of the windows. The next, namely third, level is made up of a sharp edged arch, cut in the middle by a column, has curve shaped mouldings, that in turn creates two smaller arches, which are again divided by columns made up a circle of arch in the center and segments of arches on the sides.
The space that intervenes the above contains trefoil arches, with supports at their foot for the statuettes. The mouldings of the arch on the outer side, which is bounded by columns and all possible further divisions, are decorated with dog-toothed quatrefoil. Two sharp arches that are deeply niched, form the fourth level and it stands on a group of columns, which has a line of stemmated trefoils directly above it that extends to the front, the transepts and the foundation of the north-west tower, along with the contemporary foundation in the south. There are four trefoils arches in the fifth stage, similar to that in the second stage, these are placed side by side to those at the foot of the pediments, as has been described earlier, and they are also side by side to the transepts.
