Few people know that Germany is no doubt that the tone of the customs of the Jews in Germany has contributed as much as any other cause of his unpopularity.
It is likely that these defects will gradually diminish, and would be a serious mistake to consider the Jewish race "entirely devoted to material ends. The crowd of martyrs is a sufficient answer to the charge, and people appreciate the ideals of its most difficult past and have more pride of race and creed. They have all the time, as M. Leroy-Beaulieu notes, is distinguished by its respect for learning, and is an undoubted fact that families and Jewish families mixed with Jewish blood have been a number and variety of capabilities that far exceed the average for men. The capacity is about race rather than religion. Spinosa, Heine, Richard, and Disraeli - to mention only some of the most illustrious names - were not believers in the synagogue. Some of the ways in which Jews are more prominent, as expected from their past. It is natural that the descendants of nomadic and cosmopolitan races should have been great masters of language and at the forefront of the philologists, and it is not surprising that the descendants of the major lenders and calculators in the world should have produced a financial and have shown a very eminent aptitude for mathematics. Medicine more than most professions depends on individual ability, and has exercised independence of churches and governments, and the Jews were medicine for a long period of pre-eminent. Your taste in music marked turn may seem surprising. It is universally recognized and is sufficiently clear to anyone who wants to see the faces of the leading orchestras of Europe. In addition to a multitude of names of children who have been with composers Mendelssohn, Meyerbeer and Halévy, and among contemporary artists Rubinstein, Joachim Hermann Levy, and Lucca. A Jewish tragedy is the most popular actress of the contemporary scene, and one Jewish, was probably the greatest tragic actress of the century. M. Leroy-Beaulieu realizes that in painting and sculpture, the Jews have been less visible, and he attributes this to their horror of idolatry. I'd rather be attributed to the fact that European art at its best when it is engaged primarily in the analysis of Christian themes of the Christian churches. In any case, several major Jewish names can be mentioned in contemporary art, Dutch painter and the name of Israel is perhaps the greatest living master of pathos in the paint. In Western Europe, where public life has been available to them, Jews have been released almost all the great movements of his time and have distinguished themselves in almost everyone. Cremieux, who was a prominent figure in the French Republic in 1848, was a Jew both by birth and belief. David Manin and Léon Gambetta had Jewish blood in their veins. Lassalle and Marx, the first names in German socialism, and many of his followers belong to the same race, and over an eminence such as English politics will occur to the reader. In both German and Dutch names are common in Jewish literature and almost all prominent parts in journalism. In the Army have been far less distinguished. Many Jews no doubt serve in continental armies great honor, but the Jew is naturally a being peaceful, violence and hatred back with a peculiar horror of blood. The welfare of the Jew was very natural for a long time confined to his own race, but as part of the charge has been withdrawn, and where the Jews have suffered to mix freely with the Christian population, has taken a wider range and Jewish names are visible in some of the best ways sectarian philanthropy.

It is evident that the tendency of modern political life divided into several distinct groups representing different interests and ways of thinking. We found a Catholic party, a maverick, a Labor Party, the Socialist Party, a party Temperance, and many others. But despite the crusade that has emerged in many countries against the Jews, that nowhere do we find a different Jewish holiday and clearly defined. The tendency of the race is rather throw burning in existing movements, and its power of assimilation is one of the most remarkable gifts. As M. Leroy-Beaulieu displayed by many illustrations, which are appropriate in most Western countries, even to exaggerate national characteristics, but usually combined with some flexibility to adapt and a cosmopolitan view which is essentially its own.

Inevitably, these trends to the stiffness of the creed of age adversely affected and that the celebrations that are completely isolated from the Jew of others should be discarded.
