Few persons who know Germany will doubt that the tone of
manners of the German Jews has contributed quite as much as any other cause to their unpopularity.

It is probable that these defects will gradually diminish, and it would be a grave error to
regard the Jewish race as wholly devoted to material ends. The multitude of their martyrs is
a sufficient answer to the charge, and no people cherish more strongly the ideals of their
past and have more of the pride both of race and of creed. They have at all times, as M. Leroy-Beaulieu
observes, been distinguished for their reverence for learning, and it is an undoubted fact
that Jewish families and families mixed with Jewish blood have produced an amount and variety
of ability that far exceed the average of men. The ability goes rather with the race than with
the religion. Spinosa, Heine, Ricardo, and Disraeli--to quote but a few of the most illustrious
names--were not believers in the synagogue. Some of the forms in which the Jews have most excelled
are such as might have been expected from their past. It is natural that the descendants of
the most nomadic and cosmopolitan of races should have been great masters of language and in
the foremost rank of philologists, and it is not surprising that the descendants of the chief
moneylenders and calculators of the world should have produced great financiers, and have shown
a very eminent aptitude for mathematics. Medicine more than most professions depends on individual
ability, and has been exercised independently of the favour of Churches and Governments, and
in medicine the Jews were for a long period pre-eminent. Their marked taste and turn for music
may appear more surprising. It is universally recognised and is sufficiently evident to anyone
who will look at the faces of the chief orchestras of Europe. Besides a crowd of lesser names
they have produced among composers Mendelssohn, Meyerbeer, and Halévy, and among contemporary
performers Rubinstein, Joachim, Hermann Levy, and Lucca. A Jewess is the most popular tragic
actress on the contemporary stage, and another Jewess was probably the greatest tragic actress
of the century. M. Leroy-Beaulieu notices that in painting and sculpture the Jews have been
less conspicuous, and he attributes this to their horror of idolatry. I should rather ascribe
it to the fact that European art in its best period was mainly devoted to depicting Christian
subjects for Christian churches. At all events several considerable Jewish names may be cited
in contemporary art, and the Dutch painter who bears the name of Israels is perhaps the greatest
living master of the pathetic in painting. In Western Europe, wherever public life has been
opened to them, Jews have thrown themselves into almost all the great movements of their time
and have distinguished themselves in nearly all. Crémieux, who was a leading figure in the
French Republic of 1848, was a Jew both by birth and by creed. David Manin and Léon Gambetta
had Jewish blood in their veins. Lassalle and Marx, the chief names in German socialism, as
well as great numbers of their followers belong to the same race, and more than one English
example of political eminence will occur to the reader. In both German and Dutch literature
Jewish names are frequent and they are nearly everywhere prominent in journalism. In the army
they have been much less distinguished. Many Jews no doubt serve in the great continental armies
with honour, but the Jew is naturally a pacific being, hating violence and recoiling with a
peculiar horror from blood. The beneficence of the Jew was for a long time very naturally confined
to his own race, but since the hand of persecution has been withdrawn, and wherever the Jews
have been suffered to mingle freely with the Christian population, it has taken a wider range
and Jewish names are conspicuous in some of the best forms of unsectarian philanthropy.

It is the evident tendency of modern political life to split up into a number of distinct groups
representing distinct interests or forms of thought. We find a Catholic party, a Nonconformist
party, a Labour party, a Socialist party, a Temperance party, and many others. But in spite
of the crusade that has arisen in so many countries against the Jews, we nowhere find a distinct
and clearly defined Jewish party. The tendency of the race is rather to throw themselves ardently
into existing movements, and their power of assimilation is one of their most remarkable gifts.
As M. Leroy-Beaulieu shows by many illustrations, they are apt in most Western nations even
to exaggerate the national characteristics, though they usually combine with them a certain
flexibility of adaptation and a certain cosmopolitanism of view which is essentially their own.

It was inevitable that with such tendencies the old rigidity of creed should be impaired and
that the observances which completely severed the Jew from other people should be discarded.
