The character and tone of the German Jews has contributed immensely to the cause of their unpopularity within Germany.

It is a fallacy to grant the assumption that the Jewish race is wholly devoted to material ends. First of all, the Jewish people have been persecuted and martryed for centuries. Also, for the Jewish people tradition and the ideas of the past are more revered than race and creed. As M. Leroy-Beaulieu has noted, they have been characterized over time for their love of learning, undoubbtedly a characterization that has spread as Jewish families and families mixed with Jewish blood have produced an amount and variety of ability that is historically exceptional. This characterization is more of the Jewish people as a race than of the Jewish religion. Spinoza, Heine, Ricardo, and Disraeli, all prominent Jews, were not religiously inclined. Some of the modes which Jewish people have supposedly exceeded are tied to their historical from their expected past. As the descendants of the most nomadic and cosmopolitian of races they have acquired great mastery of languages and prominency in philology. Also, it is not surprisingly that the descendants of chief moneylanders and bankers of the world should have produced great financiers, and have shown a strong skill for mathematics. Medicine, above all other field, depends on strong individual capability and has been exercised independent of church and state authority. The Jews occupying the unique position that they have, they were able to flourish in this field for a long period. Their strong taste and turn for music may seem a surprising trait. But as anyone will see looking at the major orchestras of Europe, they also hold prominence. The Jews have produced such composers as Mendelssohn, Meyerbeer, and Halevy as well as contemporary performers Rubinstein, Joachim, Hemann Levy, and Lucca. In contemporary stage, the Jewess is the most popular tragic actress as well as one of the greatest tragic actresses of the centiry. M Leroy-Beaulieu notes that Jews are less accomplished in the areas of painting and sculpture and attributes this to the Jews fear of idolatry. However, it could also be an effect of the fac that most famous periods of European art are those devoted to Christian subjects and Christian churches. Several considerable Jewish names may be cited in conetemporary art, including the Dutch painter Israels, the most famous painter of the pathetic in contemporary art. In Western Europe, wherever they have incorporated into public life, the Jews have managed to succeed in most of the great movements of the time. Cremieux, who was a leader of the French Republic of 1848, was born a Jew. David Manin and Leon Gambetta were part Jewish. Lassalle and Marx, the creaters of German socialism, as well as many subsequent socialists were also Jewish, as well as more than one English socialist may come to the readers mind. In German and Dutch litereature Jewish names are frequent and they are very widespread in journalism. They have been much less distinguished in military service. Many Jews, however, serve in the great continental armies with honour but Jews have been distinguished for a pacifist trait, abhorring violence and blood. This pacifism of the Jewish people has long been confined to its own race, but since the downfall of Jewish persecution it has also spread also to the Christian population as Jews have become some of the most well-known unsectarian philanthropists.

It is the obvious trend of modern political ife that distinct groups are splintered into different forms of though. There is a Catholic party, a Nonconformist party, A Labour party, a Socialist party, a Temperance party, as well as others. But in spite of the centuries old crusade against the Jews in multiple countries there is still no clearly defined Jewish party. The tendency of the Jews is rather to participate in existing movements and gain power through assimilation with their tremendous powers. As M. Leroy-Beaulieu demonstrates Jews are apt to appropriate national characteristics along with a sensitivity for adaptation and flexibility enhanced by their own cosmopolitian view.

Thus it was inevitable that the rigidity of the old creed which severed the Jewish people from the larger population would eventually be discarded.
