Unhappy in
having without cause lost the Love of a Husband in whom I had plac'd all my Happiness! Unhappy
in having my Reputation taken away by him, and Unhappy in being us'd more barbarously and Ignominiously
by him, than if I were a Common Whore! To have my Nose thus cut off, and my Beauty defac'd,
and all this without Cause; what can be more barbarously Cruel in him, or render me more miserable!
But O ye Heavenly Powers, (added she in a higher Tone, that her Husband might hear her, which
he also did) if such Powers there be, that are the Protectors of Chastity, and Vindicators
of Innocence, Look down on me, whose Innocence you know, and hear my Prayers; If I have deviated
from the strictest Rules of Vertue and of Honour, and Violated in the least the marriage Bond
that I have enter'd into; let all your Direful Vengeance fall upon me. But if I have kept my
Chastity inviolate, and never wrong'd my Husbands Bed so much as in a thought, let my Disfigur'd
Face be healed again, and my lost Beauty and dismembered Nose, which has been taken from me
so unjustly, be both restored again, as a convincing Testimony of my Innocency.

Having ended her Prayer, she stood silent for about half a Quarter of an Hour; and then, as
tho' her Nose had been miraculously reunited to her Face again, she with a loud Voice broke
forth into these Expressions: O ye Immortal Powers that knew my spotless and Immaculate (tho
Suffering) Chastity, and have so eminently now rewarded it, accept my Hearty and my Humble
Thanks: For by this Miracle that you have wrought for me, my Husband surely will believe my
Innocency; and I am glad I shall be able at the Expence of so much blood, and so much Pain
and Misery, to let him know how much he has wrong'd me, and how much I love him: Yes, O ye
Powers above, that have so wonderfully clear'd my Innocency, I do appeal to you how much I
love him, notwithstanding all his Cruelty; for which, O ye Immortal Powers, I humbly invocate
your gracious Pardon, because he did it through an Excess of Rage, to one whom he Imagin'd
had been false.--And then raising her Voice much higher, she call'd out to her Husband, saying.
Come down, my Dearest Love, and see and be convinc'd how much you've wronged your Chaste and
Loyal Wife.

The old Gentleman, that lay awake in his Bed and had hear'd all this, knew not what to think
of it: He was sure he had cut off her Nose, and flung it at her Face, but had not faith enough
to think it was set on again; and therefore thought it was some Trick to be releas'd: However,
since she call'd to him to see and be convinc'd, he was resolv'd to know the Truth of it, and
therefore rising up, and lighting of a Candle, he came down stairs and went straight to his
Wife, and looking on her very earnestly, he sees her Face was whole and sound; at which he
was so much confounded and amaz'd, that he began to fear lest Heaven, that had shew'd such
a miracle in healing her, shou'd pour its Vengeance down upon his Head, for his detested rashness
and his barbarous Cruelty; and therefore sets her loose immediately, and presently conveying
her to Bed, O thou that art all Goodness and all Innocence (said the transported Cuckold) can'st
thou forgive one that has wronged thee at that rate that I have done? Yes, my dear Husband
(answer'd the cunning Whore) Since Heaven has heard my Prayer and clear'd my Innocence, I forgive
all the World, but thee especially. And thereupon her Husband made a solemn Protestation, That
he wou'd never more be Jealous of his Wife, let her do what she would.

Thus you see how by the Cunning Contrivance of an Old Bawd, a young Lady was made a Whore,
and an old Dotard a young Cuckold. And also how she can manage all events to the carrying on
of her Pernicious Design; answering the Character the Wise-man gives of her, Her ways are moveable
that thou canst not know 'em.

       *       *       *       *       *

CHAP. IV.

    How a Married Man, drawn in by a Bawd, kept a Whore, to the Ruine of
    himself and Family.

We have seen in the last chapter how our Bawd drew in a young Married Woman to deceive her
Husband, and wrong the Marriage-Bed: And in this Chapter you shall see how she draws in a Married
Man to follow Whoring, so the Ruine of himself, a vertuous Wife, and all his Family: For if
she can but Rise, she cares not who she Ruines.--But to the Story.
