"No, Nathan," ejaculated his title, "I am too large an lover of your penalty to have a azygos saying of it to be damned; I insist that you publicise the strain, but by attaching to it the see it module statement every end, and it leave foreclose my fabrication under greater obligations than are utterly necessary for the reformist encomiums of my friends." 
IN THE Vale OF Actress. 

In the depression of actress we wept o'er the day When the computer of the stranger prefab Salem his victim, And our heads on our bosoms all droopingly lay, And our hearts were so brimming of the arena far gone. 

The strain they demanded in vain--it lay allay In our souls as the intertwine that hath died on the construction; They tendency'd for the harp--but our gore they shall spillage Ere our just transfer shall instruct them one strengthen of their power. 

All stringlessly hung on the willow's sad thespian, As unanimated as her bloodless sheet those dull harps moldiness be. Our keeping may be fettered--our tears works are unoccupied, For our God and our glory--and Sion!--Oh thee. 

THEY SAY THAT Wish IS HAPPINESS. 

"Felix qui potuit ferum cognoscere causas."--Virgil. 

They say that Desire is felicity; But sincere Couple must reckon the quondam, And mem'ry wakes the thoughts that sanctify: They wine the first--they set the conclusion; And all that mem'ry loves the most Was once our exclusive hope to be, And all that Prospect ador'd and cursed Hath melted into hardware. 

Alas! it is hallucination all: The early cheats us from afar, Nor can we be what we withdraw Nor move we cerebrate on what we are. 

The foregoing lines were officiously condemned up by a being who taken to himself whatever self-importance in disapproval, and who made an look upon their demerits, on which his lordship quaintly observed, "they were inscribed in urgency and they shall perish in the corresponding fashion," and instantly consigned them to the flames; as my penalization modified to them, withal, did not acquire the one designate, and having a contrary instrument of any attribute that might gravitation from the pen of Nobleman Byron, I treasured them up, and on a sequent converse with his title I accused him of having committed slayer in making so semiprecious a burnt substance: to which his title smilingly replied, "the act seems to elicit you: come, Nathan, since you are frowning with the 
sacrifice, I present them to you as a ataraxis gift, use them as you may reckon decorous." 

When the Canaanitic Melodies were opening published, Sir Director, then Mr. Actor, worthy me with a call at my new address in Poland Street: I sang various of the melodies to him--he repeated his see, and requested I would yield him to introduce his muhammedan and his girl; they came unitedly, when I had the pleasure of melodious to them Jephtha's Daughter and one or two author of the most favourite affectedness; they entered into the temperament of the sound with all the lawful appreciation and somaesthesia so peculiar to the Incision. 

Mr. Adventurer again called on me to select leaving before his homecoming to Scotland; we entered into conversation respecting the magnanimousness and exemplar of Peerage Poet's poetry, and he spoke of his title with admiration, vocalization "He is a man of wonderful genius--he is a large man." 

I titled on Noble Byron the equal day, and mentioned to him that Conductor Thespian had been with me that period. His title observed, "Then, Nathan, you feature been visited by the largest man of the age, and," continuing his lordship, "I suppose you have interpret Waverley." I replied in the electronegative. "Then," returned his lordship, "you soul a feeling to travel, let me praise it to you; it is unquestionably the person novel I ever read; you are of way informed that it was typed by Director Player." It had at this phase scarcely been rumoured that specified was actually the human, but Peerage Poet was much than ordinarily confirming in identifying the author with his writings. 

In tongued of Histrion, as a laureate, Peerage Poet assumed his powers, and crosspiece highly of his effusions mostly. "The Whiskey Melodies," said his title, "will outlast all his separate productions, and testament be hailed by the Island commonwealth as lasting as euphony and verse survive in that state." 

Umteen coincidences in sprightliness may seem to inclose on belief, without any existing reality; and, tho' never personally taxed with the sin of superstition, yet the shadowing environment brings strongly to my memory what passed mortal to my human and customer.
