"No, Nathan," ejaculated his lordship,
"I am too great an admirer of your music to suffer a single phrase of it to be lost; I insist
that you publish the melody, but by attaching to it the date it will answer every purpose,
and it will prevent my lying under greater obligations than are absolutely necessary for the
liberal encomiums of my friends."

IN THE VALLEY OF WATERS.

  In the valley of waters we wept o'er the day
  When the host of the stranger made Salem his prey,
  And our heads on our bosoms all droopingly lay,
  And our hearts were so full of the land far away.

  The song they demanded in vain--it lay still
  In our souls as the wind that hath died on the hill;
  They call'd for the harp--but our blood they shall spill
  Ere our right hand shall teach them one tone of their skill.

  All stringlessly hung on the willow's sad tree,
  As dead as her dead leaf those mute harps must be.
  Our hands may be fettered--our tears still are free,
  For our God and our glory--and Sion!--Oh thee.

THEY SAY THAT HOPE IS HAPPINESS.

"Felix qui potuit ferum cognoscere causas."--Virgil.

  They say that Hope is happiness;
    But genuine Love must prize the past,
  And mem'ry wakes the thoughts that bless:
    They rose the first--they set the last;
  And all that mem'ry loves the most
    Was once our only hope to be,
  And all that Hope ador'd and lost
    Hath melted into memory.

  Alas! it is delusion all:
    The future cheats us from afar,
  Nor can we be what we recall
    Nor dare we think on what we are.

The foregoing lines were officiously taken up by a person who arrogated to himself some self-importance
in criticism, and who made an observation upon their demerits, on which his lordship quaintly
observed, "they were written in haste and they shall perish in the same manner," and immediately
consigned them to the flames; as my music adapted to them, however, did not share the same
fate, and having a contrary opinion of any thing that might fall from the pen of Lord Byron,
I treasured them up, and on a subsequent interview with his lordship I accused him of having
committed suicide in making so valuable a burnt offering: to which his lordship smilingly replied,
"the act seems to inflame you: come, Nathan, since you are displeased with the sacrifice, I
give them to you as a peace offering, use them as you may deem proper."

When the Hebrew Melodies were first published, Sir Walter, then Mr. Scott, honoured me with
a visit at my late residence in Poland Street: I sang several of the melodies to him--he repeated
his visit, and requested I would allow him to introduce his lady and his daughter; they came
together, when I had the pleasure of singing to them Jephtha's Daughter and one or two more
of the most favourite airs; they entered into the spirit of the music with all the true taste
and feeling so peculiar to the Scotch.

Mr. Scott again called on me to take leave before his return to Scotland; we entered into conversation
respecting the sublimity and beauty of Lord Byron's poetry, and he spoke of his lordship with
admiration, exclaiming "He is a man of wonderful genius--he is a great man."

I called on Lord Byron the same day, and mentioned to him that Walter Scott had been with me
that morning. His lordship observed, "Then, Nathan, you have been visited by the greatest man
of the age, and," continued his lordship, "I suppose you have read Waverley." I replied in
the negative. "Then," returned his lordship, "you have a pleasure to come, let me recommend
it to you; it is decidedly the best novel I ever read; you are of course aware that it was
written by Walter Scott." It had at this period scarcely been rumoured that such was actually
the case, but Lord Byron was more than usually positive in identifying the author with his
writings.

In speaking of Moore, as a poet, Lord Byron acknowledged his powers, and spoke highly of his
effusions generally. "The Irish Melodies," said his lordship, "will outlive all his other productions,
and will be hailed by the Irish nation as long as music and poetry exist in that country."

Many coincidences in life may seem to border on superstition, without any existing reality;
and, although never personally taxed with the sin of superstition, yet the following circumstance
brings strongly to my remembrance what passed relative to my friend and patron.
