"No, Nathan," discharging his lordship. "I could not suffer a single phrase of your music as I am much too great of an admirer to it and would be lost. Please, I insist that your melody that I so lose myself in be published, however if you were to attach to it the date it will answer every purpse, and it will hinder my lying under the greatest obligations than are at most necessary for the liberal encomiums of my friends."

IN THE VALLEY OF WATERS.

In the valley of waters we weep o'er the day. When the keeper of the stranger made Salem his victim. And our heads on bosoms all droopingly lay, and our hearts were so full of the land so far away.

The song they abuse in vain-it lay still In our souls as they wind hath passed on the hill; They called for the harp, but our blood pours Ere our right hand shall teach them the tone of their skills.

All stringlessly hung on the willow's bitter tree, as dead as her bloodless leaf those mute harps must be. Our hands may be fettered, our tears are still free, for our God and our glory, and sion oh thee!

THEY SAY THAT HOPE IS HAPPINESS.

"Felix qui potuit ferum congnoscere causas."--Virgil.

It is said that Hope is happiness; but absolute Love must prime the past. And memories wakes the thoughts that bless: They rose in the beginning and they set the last; and all that memories love the most was once our only promise to be, and all that promise adored and lost has melted into memory.

Alas! It is all but a delusion. The future betrays us from afar, nor can we be what we now dare think we are.

The foregoing lines were rudly take by a person who is appropriate to himself some self-importance in criticism, and who made an observation upon their demerits, on which his lordship fancy observed, "they were written in such haste and they shall parish in the same manner," and at once cosigned them to the flames; as my music adapted to them, however, did not share the same fat, and having an adverse opinion of anything that might bleed from the pen of Lord Byron. I gathered them up, and on a subsequent interview with his lordship I accused him of having committed suicide in making so valuable a burnt offering: to which this lordship so replied with such smile, "The act seems ever so inflame to you: come, Nathan, since you are displeased with the sacrifice, I give them to you as a peace offering, use them as you may deem proper."

When the Hebrew Melodies were first published, Sir Walter, then Mr. Scott, honored me with a visit at my late residence on Poland Stree. I sang several of the melodies to him. He continued to repeat his visits, and at once visit he requested that I would allow him to introduce his lady and his daughter to myself and my work. They cam together. When I had the pleasure of singing to them, Jephtha's daughter and one of two more of the most favorite airs, entered into the spirit of the music with all their souls and the feel was so peculiar to the scotch they drank.

Mr. Scott again called on me to take leave prior to his return to Scotland. We entered into a meeting respecting the sublimity and beauty of Lord Byron's poetry, and he spoke of his lordship with admiration exlaiming, "He is a man of such wonderful genius." "He is a great man."

I called on Lord Byron that very same day and mentioned to him that Walter Scott had visited me that morning. His lordship spoke, "Then, Nathan, you have been visited by the greatest man of our era and I suppose you have read waverly?" continued his lordship. I replied in a negative fashion, "Then you have a pleasure yet to come. Let me recommend it to you. It is decidedly the best novel that I have ever read and you of course are aware that it was written by Walter Scott." It had at this point been rumoured that such was true. But Lord Byron was more than positive in knowing the author and of his writings.

In speaking of Moore, as a poet, Lord Byron confirmed his powers, and spoke highly of his outflow. "The Irish Melodies," his lordship stated, "will outlive all his other productions and will be hailed by the Irish nation as long as music and poetry exist in that country."

Many coincidences in life may seem to border the superstition without any existing reality. However, never taxed with the sin of superstition, yet the following circumstances brings strongly to my remebrance what passed relative to a patron and my friend.
