
                                                 NATIONAL FINANCES IN 1861.

The first receipts into the Treasury in 1861, other than from the ordinary revenues under preceding
statutes, came from the loan of February 5, which authorized the issue of bonds bearing six
per cent. interest, payable within not less than ten, or more than twenty years.  The amount
authorized was $25,000,000, and the secretary was able to negotiate $18,415,000 at the average
rate of eighty-nine and three one-hundredths (89.03) per cent.

The Congress which closed its session of the 4th of March, 1861, among its final acts provided
for a loan of $10,000,000 in bonds, or the issue of a like sum in Treasury notes; and the President
was also empowered to issue Treasury notes for any part of loans previously authorized.  Under
this statute, notes were issued to the amount of $12,896,350, payable sixty days after date,
and $22,468,100 payable in two years.  This measure indicated the disposition to provide for
pressing exigencies by devices which covered only the present hour, and left heavier responsibilities
to the future.  An incident of this period was the settlement of the debt incurred in the war
in Oregon against the Indians, by giving to the claimants or their representatives six per
cent. bonds redeemable in twenty years.  The bonds were taken to the amount of $1,090,850,
showing that such securities were welcome to claimants even at par.

The chief dependence of the United States for revenue had always been upon customs.  But no
real test had ever been made of the sum that might be collected from this source.  The aim
had been to see with how small an amount the National Government could be supported, not how
large an amount might be collected.  The time was now upon us when this critical experiment
was to be tried, and the initial step in that direction was the Morrill Tariff which went into
effect on the first day of April.  It radically changed the policy of our customs duties from
the legislation of 1846 and 1857, and put the nation in the attitude of self-support in manufactures.
Although introduced before secession attained its threatening proportions, it was well adapted
to the condition in which the country was placed at the time of its enactment.  It was a measure
carefully elaborated, and based upon principles which were applied with studious accuracy to
all its parts.  Under it the imposts which had averaged about nineteen per cent. on dutiable
articles, and fifteen per cent. on the total importations, mounted to thirty-six per cent.
on dutiable articles, and to twenty-eight per cent. on the total importations. Thus, although
the goods brought into the country fell off unavoidably by reason of the war, and especially
of the difficulties encountered by our vessels from the rebel privateers, the customs duties
rather increased than diminished, and something was thus secured in the way of a basis of credit
for the immense loans which became necessary. The measure, Mr. Sherman of Ohio stated, would
in ordinary times produce an income of $65,000,000 a year to the Treasury.

The Morrill Tariff was found to meet the exigencies of the situation to such a degree that
when Congress came together in response to the call of President Lincoln, Mr. Thaddeus Stevens,
as head of the committee charged with the subject, informed the House that it had been determined
not to enter upon a general revision.  He reported a measure to extend the schedule of dutiable
articles with the view of adding immediately to the revenue about $22,250,000 annually.  After
disagreement with the Senate his bill with slight alteration was enacted and became the tariff
on Aug. 5, 1861.  In Dec. 24, 1861, the duties on tea, coffee, and sugar were increased directly
as a war measure.  During the consideration of this bill, Mr. Morrill presented estimates showing
that the revenue would be increased by about $7,000,000, and Mr. Vallandigham of Ohio took
occasion to dwell on the falling off of importations, asking, "How are you to have revenue
from imports when nothing is imported? Your expenditures are $500,000,000, your income but
$50,000,000." He was much nearer the actual figures than political rhetoric is apt to be. 
Mr. Morrill's response was only to hope that the gentleman from Ohio had some proposition to
offer more acceptable than the pending bill.  That bill was indeed a reasonable, and, so far
as it went, an effective measure, and Mr. Vallandigham had no substitute to offer.

                                                 NATIONAL FINANCES IN 1861.

In his annual report as Secretary of the Treasury, Howell Cobb had, on the 4th of December,
1860, estimated that the receipts of the Treasury for the fiscal year ending with June, 1862,
would amount to $64,495,891, while he reckoned that the expenditures would be $68,363,726.
With the prospect of peace and national unity he predicted a deficiency of $3,867,834 for that
year.
