AN ENGAGEMENT

    It was a meeting with father, daughter and proposed bridegroom, Hofrat Heerbrand. Hofrat Heerbrand was keeping his love to-wards Mam'sell Veronica, in confidence for a long time and expressed his willingness to get married to her soon if there was no objection and he explained it to Mr.Conrector Paulmann, her father.

      Conrector Paulmann was surprised on hearing this news and was jumping around in applause with joy and replied that he had no objection to that proposal.

      When this conversation was going on, Veronica came there and she was looking unhappy as usual, aginst the situation prevailed. On seeing her, Hofrat Heerbrand came forward and praised her Saint's day and presented a boquet of fragnant flowers and a small gift pack.  Slowly she opened the gift packet and found a pair of shining ear-rings and  in great astonishment told that she was wearing those ear-rings weeks back.  There was a sign of shyness in her face as it turned pinkish.  She was then looking like a shining beauty.

      Hofrat Heerbrand could not digest that respone and he felt wounded.  He reacted saying that he bought that jewel for ready cash from Schlossgasse just an hour before.

      Without giving much care to what he was saying, she went and stood before the mirror, wearing the ear-rings.  Conrector Paulmann was watching everything silently at her expecting some reaction to the proposal.

      She then turned to Hofrat Heerbrand and said that she already knew long back that he was keeping this wish in his mind and admitted her willingness to get married to him.  But however her mind was turbulant. she said that she wanted to spell out to both father and Mr. Hofrat that her heart was heavy of something which she had to shell out. Meanwhile she invited them to the table to have the soup prepared by Franzchen, before getting it cold.

      She then started saying that she was in love with Anselmus and considered that he would be her Husband.  Liese, Her nurse, and a women of wisdom and beauty, had promised her of helping her to get married to Anselmus. But there was some unhappy feelings remained.  To overcome this, Liese used to take Veronica out on Equinox in the midnight for some sort of devil magic with the help of black cat and they manufactured a metallic mirror through which she used to think about getting married to Anselmus.  Whole heart was getting concentrated on the thinking  and now she was confessing for such deeds. It was a Satanic art performed by Liese and she was at last conquered by Salmander and the mirror was broken in two pieces.  This happened as soon as the Parrot had eaten the Parsnip.

       Then Veronica, spelled our her willingness to get married to Hofrat Heerbrand and took both the pieces of mirror alongwith a lock of hair from her work-box and presented to Hofrat Heerbrand and asked him to take it and go in the mid-night to the Elbe-bridge from the place where the Cross stands and throw it off.  However she  wished that Anselmus to get married happily to green Snake and wished to bless him with all fortunes in life as his bride would be prosperous and beautiful.  And also wished that she would turn to be a honest wife.


        At this juncture, Mr. Conrector Paulmann, burst out saying that Veronica had become insane and not to believe what she said and she could never be normal.

        But Mr.Hofrat Heerbrand being a matured man replied that what she expressed was her whole hearted feeling and wishes to-wards a wise women, that she had  some kindness to-wards Anselmus, though he would have behaved rudely to her at times.   So Hofrat Heerbrand presume the acceptance of his proposal of getting married to Veronica.
