La Salle, however, needed more capital
than he himself could supply, and in 1677 he made a second trip to France with letters from
Frontenac to the King and Colbert. He also had the further design in view of obtaining authority
and funds for another trip of exploration to the West. Since his previous expedition in 1669
two of his compatriots, Père Marquette and Louis Joliet, had reached the Great River and had
found every reason for believing that its course ran south to the Gulf of Mexico, and not southwestward
to the Gulf of California, as had previously been supposed. But they had not followed the Mississippi
to its outlet, and this was what La Salle was now determined to do.

In Paris he found attentive listeners to his plans, and even the King's ministers were interested,
so that when La Salle sailed back to Quebec in 1678 he brought a royal decree authorizing him
to proceed with his project. With him came a daring spirit who was to be chief lieutenant and
faithful companion in the ensuing years, Henri de Tonty. This adventurous soldier was later
known among the Indians as "Tonty of the Iron Hand," for in his youth he had lost a hand in
battle, and in its stead now wore an artificial one of iron, which he used from time to time
with wholesome effect. He was a man of great physical strength, and commensurate courage, loyal
to his chief and almost La Salle's equal in perseverance.

La Salle's party lost no time in proceeding to Fort Frontenac. Even though the winter was at
hand, Hennepin was at once sent forward to Niagara with instructions to build a post and to
begin the construction of a vessel so that the journey westward might be begun with the opening
of spring. Later in the winter La Salle and Tonty joined the party at Niagara where the fort
was completed. Before spring arrived, a vessel of about forty-five tons, the largest yet built
for service on the lakes, had been constructed. On its prow stood a carved griffin, from the
armorial bearings of Frontenac, and out of its portholes frowned several small cannon. With
the advent of summer La Salle and his followers went aboard; the sails were spread, and in
due course the expedition readied Michilimackinac, where the Jesuits had already established
their most westerly mission.

The arrival of the Griffin brought Indians by the hundred to marvel at the "floating fort"
and to barter their furs for the trinkets with which La Salle had provided himself. The little
vessel then sailed westward into Lake Michigan and finally dropped anchor in Green Bay where
an additional load of beaver skins was put on deck. With the approach of autumn the return
trip began. La Salle, however, did not accompany his valuable cargo, having a mind to spend
the winter in. explorations along the Illinois. In September, with many misgivings, he watched
the Griffin set sail in charge of a pilot. Then, with the rest of his followers he started
southward along the Wisconsin shore. Reaching the mouth of the St. Joseph, he struck into the
interior to the upper Kankakee. This stream the voyageurs, who numbered about forty in all,
descended until they reached the Illinois, which they followed to the point where Peoria now
stands.

Here La Salle's troubles began in abundance. The Indians endeavored to dissuade him from leading
the expedition farther, and even the explorer's own followers began to desert. Chagrinned at
these untoward circumstances and on his guard lest the Indians prove openly hostile, La Salle
proceeded to secure his position by the erection of a fort to which he gave the name Crèvecoeur.
Here he left Tonty with the majority of the party, while he himself started with five men back
to Niagara. His object was in part to get supplies for building a vessel at Fort Crèvecoeur,
and in part to learn what had become of the Griffin, for since that vessel had sailed homeward
he had heard no word from her crew. Proceeding across what is now southern Michigan, La Salle
emerged on the shores of the Detroit River. From this point he pushed across the neck of land
to Lake Erie, where he built a canoe which brought him to Niagara at Eastertide, 1680. His
fears for the fate of the Griffin were now confirmed: the vessel had been lost, and with her
a fortune in furs. Nothing daunted, however, La Salle hurried on to Fort Frontenac and thence
with such speed to Montreal that he accomplished the trip from the Illinois to the Ottawa in
less than three months--a feat hitherto unsurpassed in the annals of American exploration.

At Montreal the explorer, who once more sought the favor of Frontenac, was provided with equipment
at the King's expense. Within a few months he was again at Fort Frontenac and ready to rejoin
Tonty at Crèvecoeur. Just as he was about to depart, however, word came that the Crèvecoeur
garrison had mutinied and had destroyed the post. La Salle's one hope now was that his faithful
lieutenant had held on doggedly and had saved the vessel he had been building.
