La Salle, was short of capital and he made a second trip to France  to visit the king and Colbart with  letters from Frontenac. He also had other plans in mind that is to make explorations towards West. For this he have to get funds and authority.   The reason for La Salle's determination is that in his previous expedition in 1669 his compartiots, Pere Marquette and Louis Joliet, had found that the course of the Great river is to the Gulf of Mexico and it is not southwestward as it has been previously believed.La Salle  want to follow the Missisippi to its outlet.
      When he reached Paris he got many attentive listners of his plans and to his surprise  even the king's ministers were also interested. So he got the royal decree authorizing him to proceed with the project.He also got a triumphant and faithful companion.His name was Henri de Tonty and he was known among the Indians as "Tonty of the iron hand".The reason for this nick name is that he lost his hand in battle and he wore  a artificial hand of iron which he used as a real hand. He was a daring man with great physical strength and courage. He was a loyal man to his chief and he have got equal perserverance as La Salle.
    Without losing time La salle and his companions began to prepare for the trip.They proceeded towards Fort Frontenac. Hennepin was sent to Niagra to build a post and to start the construction of a ship so that they can start the trip towards west in the beginning of spring. Later when La Salle and Tonty reached Niagra the fort was completed and a Vessel of about forty -five tons  was ready.A carved griffin was placed on its prow and in the portholes several small cannons also. In summer the team of explorers went abroad and the expedition readied Michilimackinac, where the jesuits had their most westerly mission.
      The sight of the floating fort and the barter of furs for trinckets  marvelled the Indians.The  vessel sailed into Lake Michigan and finally anchored at Green Bay.They got an additionl load beaver skin from there.At autmn the return trip began but La salle did not return as he want to explore in illinois.  He and his followers started south wards along the Wisconsin shore. When they reached the mouth of St.Joseph he was struck into the interior fo the upper Kankakee. The voyagers who are forty in number descended in illinois.
       Here La Salle's problems began. The Indians not allowed him to proceed forward and even his followers began to part with him. So to secure his position against the hostile Indians he began to erect a fort which he named Crevecoeur. He left Tonty with the majority of the party  and he and five men went back to Niagra. His aim was to get materials for building a vessel at Fort Crevecoeur and to know what happened to Griffin as  there was no news about the vessel since it left homeward. La Salle reached on the shores of the Detroit River and he pushed across to the neck of land to Lake Erie. There he build a canoe and he went to Niagra at Eastertide. Now the fate of Griffin was confirmed.With the vessel a fortune of furs was also lost. In less than three months La Salle  hurried to Fort Frontenac and then to Montreal and he accomplished the trip from illinois to the Ottawa .
  At Montreal he was provided with the equipment at the King's expense. When La Salle  was about to rejoin Tonty the heart breaking news came that the Crevecoeur  had mutinied and the Post was destroyed.Even if all these misfortuenes happened his final hope was that his faithful companion had saved the vessel that had been building.
