He had always his task as ready by heart as he could count his fingers.
Ye ne'er saw Sandy looking over his book, or nodding wi' it before his face. He and his lessons
were like twa acquaintances--fond o' each other's company. I hae observed fra the window, when
the rest o' ye would hae been driving at the hand-ba', cleeshin your peerie-taps, or endangerin'
your legs wi' the duck-stane, Sandy wad been sitting on his hunkers in the garden, looking
as earnestly on a daisy or ony bit flower, as if the twa creatures could hae held a crack wi'
ane anither, and the bonny leaves o' the wee silent things whispered to Sandy how they got
their colours, how they peeped forth to meet the kiss o' spring, and how the same power that
created the lowly daisy called man into existence, and fashioned the bright sun and the glorious
firmament. He was ance dux and aye dux. From the first moment he got to the head o' the class,
there he remained as immoveable as a mountain. There was nae trapping him; for his memory was
like clockwark. I canna say that he had a great turn for mathematics; but ye will remember,
as weel as me, that he was a great Grecian; and he had screeds o' Virgil as ready aff by heart
as the twenty-third psalm. Mony a time hae I said concerning him, in the words o' Butler--

    "Latin to him's no more difficil,
    Than for a blackbird 'tis to whistle."

The classics, indeed, were his particular hobby; and, though I was proud o' Sandy, I often
wished that I could direct his bent to studies o' greater practical utility. His exercises
showed that he had an evident genius for poetry, and that o' a very high order; but his parents
were poor, and I didna see what poetry was to put in his pocket. I therefore by no means encouraged
him to follow out what I conceived to be a profitless, though a pleasing, propensity; but,
on the contrary, when I had an opportunity o' speakin' to him by himsel, I used to say to him--

"Alexander, ye have a happy turn for versification, and there is both boldness and originality
about your ideas--though no doubt they would require a great deal of pruning before they could
appear in a respectable shape before the world. But you must not indulge in verse-writing.
When you do it, let it only be for an exercise, or for amusement, when you have nothing better
to do. It may make rhyme jingle in your ears, but it will never make sterling coin jink in
your pockets. Even the immortal Homer had to sing his own verses about the streets; and ye
have heard the epigram--

    'Seven cities now contend for Homer dead,
    Through which the living Homer begg'd his bread.'

Boethius, like Savage in our own days, died in a prison; Terence was a slave, and Plautus did
the work of a horse. Cervantes perished for lack of food, on the same day that our great Shakspere
died; but Shakspere had worldly wisdom as well as heavenly genius. Camoens died in an almshouse.
The magical Spenser was a supplicant at court for years, for a paltry pension, till hope deferred
made his heart sick, and he vented his disappointment in these words--

    'I was promised, on a time,
    To have reason for my rhyme:
    From that time unto this season,
    I received not rhyme nor reason.'

Butler asked for bread, and they gave him a stone. Dryden lived between the hand and the mouth.
Poor Otway perished through penury; and Chatterton, the inspired boy, terminated his wretchedness
with a pennyworth of poison. But there is a more striking example than these, Sandy. It was
but the other day that our immortal countryman, Robbie Burns--the glory o' our age--sank, at
our very door, neglected and in poverty, wi' a broken heart, into the grave. Sandy,' added
I, 'never think o' being a poet. If ye attempt it, ye will embark upon an ocean where, for
every one that reaches their desired haven, ninety-and-nine become a wreck.'

On such occasions, Sandy used to listen most attentively, and crack to me very auld-farrantly.
Well, sir, it was just after ye went to learn to be a doctor, that I resolved to try and do
something to push him forward mysel, as his parents were not in ability; and I had made application
to a gentleman on his behalf, to use his influence to procure him a bursary in ane o' the universities,
when Sandy's faither died, and, puir man, left hardly as muckle behind him as would pay the
expenses o' the funeral. This was a death-blow to Sandy's prospects and my hopes. He wasna
seventeen at the time, and his widowed mother had five bairns younger. He was the only ane
in the family that she could look up to as a bread-winner. It was about harvest; and, when
the shearing commenced, he went out wi' ithers and took his place on the rig. As it was his
first year, and he was but a learner, his wages were but sma'; but, sma' as they were, at the
end o' the season he brought them hame, and my puir blighted scholar laddie thought himsel
a man, when he placed his earnings, to a farthing, in his mother's hand.

I was sorry for Sandy.
