His task was easy for him to remember. Sandy was not a book worm. but his lessons were to him like milk and water.He   closely observed  nature, engaged deeply in every creature  and plants as if it murmurs to him in their language of affection. He visualized that the energy existing in the flower i is identical to his. In the class he was still. His memorizing power was great that I cannot say he was found of mathematics but he by hearted very easily. He often concerned himself that "Latin to him is no more difficult, than for a blackbird to whistle" re3minding the words of o'Butler.

I was proud of Sandy that classic were his peculiar hobby, and often wished that I could diverge his studies to practical utility. His exercises revealed that he was a genius in poetry, and of great degree. His parents were very poor that I often wondered how poetry can improve his finance. Since I have considered  poetry as a profitless entity, I never encouraged his great aptitude to poetry. Often I emphasized that-

To present yourself in a respectable manner before the society, boldness and originality of your ideas has to be shaped and tuned properly irrespective of your rich poetic ideas. Writing of poems will help only as an exercise and amusement and is an art for idle people. Poems will fill your ears rhythmically , but will not fill your pocket with money.  Eminent Homer had sung his own verses about the streets, which you would have heard-

"seven cities now contend for Homer dead, Through which the living Homer begged his bread".

 Among poets other than Shakespeare who  was heavenly genius, all other eminent like Boethius  died in prison like Savage,Platus worked as a horse, Cervants perished for lack of food, Camoens died in almshouse.  Spencer himself prayed before courts for years for a paltry pension and his  disappointment came out as -

'I was promised, on a time, To have reason for my rhyme: From that time unto this season, I received not rhyme nor reason.'

I narrated him how blessed ones like Butler and Dryden ended their lives poverty sicken, Otway perished by penury and Chatterton ended his life with poison. Recent death of Robbie Burns by poverty also shows that poets ninety nine out of hundred are facing death by poverty only.

Sandy, listened attentively. Just after that he went to study for doctor. I tried to push him forward by getting an admission in one of the Universities through influence of a gentleman. At this time Sandy's father died, who even for his funeral could not save anything. Widowed mother was burdened of  five younger ones to Sandy. He was the only  bread-winner for the family. It was his first year of studies. He went out for labor during the Harvest season and could earn only small wages when he placed it in his mothers hand the blighted scholarly lad has become a man.

I was sorry for Sandy
