The entire atmosphere seems to be getting heated up, and perhaps vaguely and dimly unlimited extension to the surrounding.  Sea and land together might be dark and confusing, if only because of the initial chaos and the emerging light as well as darkness seemed to be still undivided, gradually progressing until the morning, completed the separation. Stars disappear, and the shades seem to merge. Forests, but which now seems black, dark and gulfs that are bottomless, from which the ray is not reflected in the shape or color displays, the new creation rises seem to appear, to life and beauty that will increase the radius. The scene continues to expand, and the horizon appears to expand and extend itself on all directions, until the sun rises in east and his plastic ray complement awesome scene. All affect the spell, and it is difficult to believe that still we are on this earth. Senses, that are not accustomed to those objects, are confused and upset, and it is not until sometime after that, they are able to distinguish and judging them. Living the sun is shown rising from the sea, huge pieces of intervening land and sea; various islands are appearing under your feet, when you look down the entire map of Sicily, and you can trace each of the river through all the windings, form the source and to its mouth. Vision is completely unbounded everywhere, and there some object in the field of vision to disrupt it, so that vision is a place lost in the vast and it is quite clear that, if it is the incompleteness of our bodies off the coast of Africa and as well in Greece should be found, because they are surely above the horizon. 
-- by Time's Telescope.

-------------------------

GARRICK'S MULBERRY CUP.

A Mulberry-tree flourished in the garden that’s attached to a new location, which was planted by Shakespeare himself, and when Macklin and Garrick visited Stratford in 1742, they regaled over the venerable branches of Sir Hugh Clopton, who, rather than pulling the new location according to Malone argues, restored it, and did all he could do in his power to ensure its preservation. Rev. Francis Gastrell bought the building, Sir Hugh Clopton heir, and is sickened with the hassle of showing the tree to many visitors, which caused in pulling down the this beautiful and interesting memory of Shakspeare, due to the great shame of his neighbors, who were so outraged at his behavior, that they shortly rendered the place, in revenge, so unpleasant for him to stay in it. That's why he had to quit it, and wood, has purchased a carpenter, was in retail trade and also cut out into various relics. 

List of property late David Garrick, Esq. has sold on May 5, 1825 cup detailed as follows: - "Lot 170, original cup carved out of Shakspeare's mulberry-tree, that was presented to David Garrick, by Mayor and Corporation about Jubilee at Stratford-on-Avon, also lined with silver-plated with cover, over a number of mulberry leaves and fruits, including silver plated with gold. " 

This relic will gain more value never changed the fact of its possession of owners after Garrick was with it September 1769, and 1825 during nearly about three score years, most of which it is virtually locked up the publicity. Tree was cut down approximately in the year of 1756, and could be at least 140 years old. It seems Mulberry tree was first planted in England around 1609. It's not a small unit, at that time Garrick was the relic of the immortal Bard, he lived in Southampton Street, as shown in the letter he wrote to the Mayor and Stratford’s Corporation, to return thanks to the fact he was elected Burgess Stratford-on-Avon and the residence of another owner, Mr. J . Johnson (who purchased it for 127l. 1s.,) spent in the same street for about sixty years.

The cup itself is very clean and beautiful form, the plain, but good taste, and wood prettily marked. Mulberry cup was also celebrated ballad, which begins: "Behold this fair goblet, '& c. Garrick is sung by the Jubilee cup holding her hand.
 
G.W. 
------------------
ALL NATIONS CUSTOMS AND MANNERS
NO. X. 
-----------------
THE GREEKS.
