The whole atmosphere by degrees kindled up, and showed dimly and faintly
the boundless prospect around. Both sea and land looked dark and confused, as if only emerging
from their original chaos; and light and darkness seemed still undivided, till the morning
by degrees advancing, completed the separation. The stars are extinguished, and the shades
disappear. The forests, which but now seemed black and bottomless gulfs, from whence no ray
was reflected to show their form or colours, appear a new creation rising to the sight, catching
life and beauty from every increasing beam. The scene still enlarges, and the horizon seems
to widen and expand itself on all sides; till the sun appears in the east, and with his plastic
ray completes the mighty scene. All appears enchantment; and it is with difficulty we can believe
we are still on earth. The senses, unaccustomed to such objects, are bewildered and confounded;
and it is not till after some time that they are capable of separating and judging of them.
The body of the sun is seen rising from the ocean, immense tracks both of sea and land intervening;
various islands appear under your feet; and you look down on the whole of Sicily as on a map,
and can trace every river through all its windings, from its source to its mouth. The view
is absolutely boundless on every side; nor is there any one object within the circle of vision
to interrupt it; so that the sight is every where lost in the immensity; and there is little
doubt, that were it not for the imperfection of our organs, the coasts of Africa, and even
of Greece, would be discovered, as they are certainly above the horizon.--Time's Telescope.

       *       *       *       *       *

GARRICK'S MULBERRY CUP.

In the garden attached to New Place, flourished a mulberry-tree, which Shakspeare had planted
with his own hands; and in 1742, when Garrick and Macklin visited Stratford, they were regaled
beneath its venerable branches by Sir Hugh Clopton, who, instead of pulling down New Place
according to Malone's assertion, repaired it, and did every thing in his power for its preservation.
The Rev. Francis Gastrell purchased the building from Sir Hugh Clopton's heir, and being disgusted
with the trouble of showing the mulberry-tree to so many visitors, he caused this interesting
and beautiful memorial of Shakspeare to be cut down, to the great mortification of his neighbours,
who were so enraged at his conduct, that they soon rendered the place, out of revenge, too
disagreeable for him to remain in it. He therefore was obliged to quit it; and the tree, being
purchased by a carpenter, was retailed and cut out in various relics.

The catalogue of the property of the late David Garrick, Esq. sold on the 5th of May, 1825,
describes the cup as follows:--"Lot 170. The original cup carved from Shakspeare's mulberry-tree,
which was presented to David Garrick by the Mayor and Corporation at the time of the Jubilee
at Stratford-on-Avon, lined with silver gilt, with a cover, surmounted by a bunch of mulberry
leaves and fruit, also of silver gilt."

This relic acquires additional value from the circumstance of its never having changed possessors
from the time it was presented to Garrick in September, 1769, to 1825, a period of nearly three
score years, and during the greater part of which time it has been virtually locked up from
public view. The tree was cut down about the year 1756, and could not have been less than 140
years old. It is said the mulberry was first planted in England about 1609. It is not a little
singular, that at the time Garrick received this relic of the immortal bard, he resided in
Southampton-street, as appears by his letter to the Mayor and Corporation of Stratford, returning
thanks for having elected him a burgess of Stratford-on-Avon; and the residence of its second
possessor, Mr. J. Johnson, (who bought it for 127l. 1s.,) after a lapse of nearly sixty years,
is in the same street.

The cup itself is of a very chaste and handsome form; plain, but in good taste, and the wood
prettily marked. The mulberry cup has also been recorded in the celebrated ballad, beginning,
"Behold this fair goblet," &c. sung by Garrick at the Jubilee, holding the cup in his hand.

G.W.

       *       *       *       *       *

MANNERS AND CUSTOMS OF ALL NATIONS.

NO. X.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE GREEKS.
