Let us scatter the seeds to the winds of heaven having found them. whatever happens  it will be able to germinate, since there is no lack of space in the wide universe for souls to find a good grounding place, if they are let free.  We should not enslave ourselves even by the people we admire the most.  To be free is the best homage that can be paid by us to great men like Tolstoy, as he was free.

"Les Tablettes," Geneva, May 1, 1917. 
IX 

TO MAXIM GORKI 

A lecture was delivered by A. V. Lunacharski on the life and works of Maxim Gorki at Geneva, in January, 1917 and a tribute as follows to Gorki was read before the lecture. 

In the rue de la Sorbonne, in Paris, Charles Peguy, myself and a few others used to meet in a little ground floor shop before fifteen years.  "Cahiers de la Quinzaine,” had been started just then.  We did not have  a properly furnished editorial office, but it was neat and clean, with books lining the walls.  The wall was decorated only by a single photograph, of Tolstoy and Gorki standing side by side in the garden at Yasnaya Polyana.  I did not know how was it possible for Peguy to get hold of it.  but he gave us all a copy which we had on our desks the picture of these two distant comrades.  A part of Jean Christophe was written under their eyes.   The veteran apostle has gone on the eve of the European disaster which was already predicted by him in which his voice has been so greatly needed.  The other, Maxim Gorki, is at his appointed place, and his free speech help to cheer us up for Tolstoy's silence. 

Gorki did not succumb to the vertigo of events.  Maxim Gorki was one of the rare exceptions, one of those whose reason and whose love of humanity remained unshaken, amid the distressing mass of writers, artists and thinkers who laid down their role as guides and defenders of the masses to make the masses come to them.  He spoke on behalf of the mistreated, suppressed and enslaved masses.  He has never hesitated to stay in the company of the unfortunate, of the humble, of the victims, of the outcasts of the society.  Even after becoming famous he returns to them with the powerful light of his knowledge into the darkness where the wickedness and injustice in the society are kept in hiding.  Suffering was not something new to his generous suffering; his vision is not away from the sufferings of the people.

Haud ignara mali, miseris succurrere disco.... 
Consequently, in these days of trial in these days when freedom of the spirit is everywhere oppressed, we must cry aloud our homage to Maxim Gorki.  We extend our hands to him across the battlefields, across the trenches, across a bleeding Europe.
. 
Therefore, in face of the hatred which rages among the nations, we must affirm the union of New Europe. To the fighting "Holy Alliances" of the governments, we counterpose the brotherhood of the free spirits of the world! 

January 30, 1917. 
"demain," Geneva, June, 1917. 
X 
TWO LETTERS FROM MAXIM GORKI 

PETROGRAD, end of December, 1916. 

MY DEAR AND VALUED COMRADE ROMAIN ROLLAND, 

Can you write a biography of Beethoven, which may be suitable for children? I am also writing to H.G. Wells, to write on the lives of Addison; Fridtjof Nansen will do the life of Christopher Columbus; the Hebrew poet Bialik will write the life of Moses.  Like this with the help of leading authors, I am hoping to produce a number of books for children, with biographies of the leaders who were role models to mankind.  I will be issuing the whole series after edition.

Young people these days have to be cared for with much attention more than anything else.  As grown-ups we are not leaving a good inheritance to our children and are bequeathing to them as sad life.  Civilization is getting decayed because of the foolish war of our moral weakness.  We have to remind our children that men had been much stronger than now and were not weak and bad like us.  In all the nations all through the world there had been great men of fine spirits who lived in all ages.
