Having found the seed let us scatter it to the winds of heaven. Whencever it may
come, whithersoever it may blow, it will be able to germinate. There is no lack, in this wide
universe, of souls that will form the good ground. But these souls must be free. We must learn
not to be enslaved even by those whom we admire. The best homage we can pay to men like Tolstoy
is to be free, as Tolstoy was free.

"Les Tablettes," Geneva, May 1, 1917.

IX

TO MAXIM GORKI

     At Geneva, in January, 1917, A. V. Lunacharski delivered a lecture
     on the life and works of Maxim Gorki. The following tribute to
     Gorki was read before the lecture.

About fifteen years ago, in Paris, Charles Péguy, myself, and a few others, used to meet in
a little ground-floor shop in the rue de la Sorbonne. We had just founded the "Cahiers de la
Quinzaine." Our editorial office was poorly furnished, neat and clean; the walls were lined
with books. A photograph was the only ornament. It showed Tolstoy and Gorki standing side by
side in the garden at Yasnaya Polyana. How had Péguy got hold of it? I do not know, but he
had had several reproductions made, and each of us had on his desk the picture of these two
distant comrades. Under their eyes part of Jean Christophe was written.

One of the two men, the veteran apostle, has gone, on the eve of the European catastrophe whose
coming he foretold and in which his voice has been so greatly needed. The other, Maxim Gorki,
is at his post, and his free-spirited utterances help to console us for Tolstoy's silence.

Gorki has not proved one of those who succumbed to the vertigo of events. Amid the distressing
spectacle of the thousands of writers, artists, and thinkers who, within a few days, laid down
their role as guides and defenders of the masses, to follow the maddened herds, to drive these
herds yet more crazy by their own cries, to hasten the rush into the abyss, Maxim Gorki was
one of the rare exceptions, one of those whose reason and whose love of humanity remained unshaken.
He dared to speak on behalf of the persecuted, on behalf of the gagged and enslaved masses.
This great artist, who shared for so long the life of the unfortunate, of the humble, of the
victims, of the outcasts of society, has never denied his sometime companions. Having become
famous, he turns back to them, throwing the powerful light of his art into the dark places
where wretchedness and social injustice are hidden away. His generous soul has known suffering;
he does not close his eyes to the sufferings of others.

Haud ignara mali, miseris succurrere disco....

Consequently, in these days of trial (trial which we greet, because it has taught us to take
stock of ourselves, to estimate the true value of hearts and of thoughts), in these days when
freedom of the spirit is everywhere oppressed, we must cry aloud our homage to Maxim Gorki.
Across the battlefields, across the trenches, across a bleeding Europe, we stretch forth our
hands to him. Henceforward, in face of the hatred which rages among the nations, we must affirm
the union of New Europe. To the fighting "Holy Alliances" of the governments, we counterpose
the brotherhood of the free spirits of the world!

January 30, 1917.

"demain," Geneva, June, 1917.

X

TWO LETTERS FROM MAXIM GORKI

PETROGRAD, end of December, 1916.

MY DEAR AND VALUED COMRADE ROMAIN ROLLAND,

Will you be good enough to write a biography of Beethoven, suitable for children? I am simultaneously
writing to H. G. Wells, whom I ask to let me have a life of Addison; Fridtjof Nansen will do
the life of Christopher Columbus; I shall myself deal with the life of Garibaldi; the Hebrew
poet Bialik will write the life of Moses. With the aid of the leading authors of our day I
hope to produce a number of books for children, containing biographies of the leaders of mankind.
The whole series will be issued under my editorship....

You know that in these days nothing needs our attention so much as young people. We grown-ups,
we whose course is nearly run, are leaving a poor inheritance to our children, are bequeathing
to them a sad life. This foolish war is a striking proof of our moral weakness, of the decay
of civilisation. Let us, then, remind our children that men have not always been so weak and
so bad as we are. Let us remind them that in all the nations there have been and still are
great men, fine spirits.
