Show the mixing and cooking of Griddle Cakes. Serve the cakes carefully  after they are cooked. 

LESSON 14: BATTERS AND DOUGHS - Continued

Muffins - Baking-powder Biscuits

CONTENT 

Ways to make batters light.  Batters are made light by beating air into them, by adding eggs into which air has been beaten, or by trapping gas in the batter. Gas is held in by using soda and sour milk in a batter (one teaspoon of soda to one pint of sour milk), or soda with molasses (one teaspoon of soda to one cup of molasses), or soda with cream of tartar (one teaspoon of soda with two rounding teaspoons of cream of tartar). The soda should be mixed well with the other dry ingredients. Then the sour milk or molasses added. Finally, the entire batter beaten up quickly, and baked at once. 

Baking powder is a preparation containing soda and cream of tartar and can be used in place of soda if you use sweet milk. Two teaspoonfuls of baking powder should be used with one cup of flour. 

INITIAL PLAN 

This lesson is a continuation of the lesson on batters. Be careful not to do more than you can finish in the time needed. 

RECIPES 

Graham Muffins

1 cup graham flour, 1 cup flour, 1/4 cup sugar, 1 tsp. salt, 1 cup milk, 1 egg, 1 tbsp. melted butter, and 4 tsp. baking-powder.

Mix and sift the dry ingredients. Slowly add the milk, the well beaten egg, and the melted butter. Bake in a hot oven in greased pans for 25 minutes. 

Baking powder Biscuits 

2 cup flour, 4 tsp. baking powder, 1 tsp. salt, 2 tbsp. fat, and 3/4 to 1 cup milk or water.

Sift the dry ingredients together, chop the fat into the flour with a knife, slowly add enough milk to make a dough not too soft to be handled. Toss and roll the dough gently on a lightly floured board and cut into small biscuits. Moisten the tops with a little milk. Handle the dough quickly, lightly, and as little as possible. Place on a buttered sheet. Bake in a hot oven till brown for 12 to 15 minutes. Either white or whole wheat flour may be used for the biscuits. Serves six to eight. The oven should be hot enough to colour a piece of unglazed white paper to a golden brown in one minute. 

Soda Biscuits 

2 cups flour, 1/2 tsp. soda, 1/2 tsp. salt, 1 cup sour milk, 2 tbsp. shortening (lard or other fat) 

Continue as if making baking powder biscuits.

If the sour milk is not thick enough to curdle, it will not contain sufficient acid to neutralize the soda and the biscuits will be yellow and bitter. To make sure this won't happen, you can mix 1 teaspoonful of cream of tartar with the soda. If you have no cream of tartar at hand, then continue to use the recipe for Baking-powder Biscuits. 

METHOD OF WORK 

Have the oven and pans prepared and all the measurements made. Demonstrate the mixing of the muffins and, while these are baking, the mixing of the biscuits. Have one person take charge of the baking of the muffins and another of the baking of the biscuits. When the breads are done, have the class sit down and serve them to one another, or to all the people at the school lunch.

LESSON 15: MEATS 

Composition and food value. How to make tough cuts of meat delicious. Pork chops and fried apples. Beef or mutton stew with vegetables and dumplings, Rabbit stew, and Bacon.
 
CONTENT

Meats are rich in protein and usually in fats. They do, however, lack carbohydrates. They build up the muscular tissue, produce heat and energy, are more stimulating and strengthening than any other food. As well as satisfy hunger for a greater length of time. For the most part, meats are a very expensive food. One cannot perform more labour by the use of a meat diet than on a diet of vegetable foods. Those who use large quantities of meat suffer from many upset stomaches. Hence it should form a very small part of the diet. The cuts of meat that come from those portions of the animal's body that are much exercised are tough, owing to the development of the connective tissues, but they contain large amounts of nutrition. For the same reason, the meat from older animals is bound to be tough. The flesh of chickens, turkeys, and other poultry is very nutritious and is easily digested if not too fat.

The flavour of meats is developed by cooking. Dry heat develops the best flavour, which is why tender cuts are cooked by broiling and roasting. Tough cuts of meat require long, slow cooking in moist heat, which is why they are made in the form of stews and pot roasts or are used in meat soups. 

INITIAL PLAN

After the teacher has found out what meats are used in the homes or what the school can afford to use, she should determine upon a method of cooking that will make the meat palatable, digestible, and attractive. If it can be prepared as a stew, she should use a recipe in which vegetables are also used and, if possible, have dumplings prepared to serve with the meat, as a review of the lesson on batters.
