Demonstrate the mixing and baking of cakes iron. Serve the cakes gently after cooking. 
LESSON XIV: mixtures and mass - Continued 

Muffins - Baking Powder Biscuits 

OBJECT 

The methods of making light batters hitters .-- make beating the air in them, by the addition of eggs in which the air has been beaten, or entanglement of gas in the dough. The gas is ensured through the use of soda and buttermilk into a paste (one teaspoon of soda to a quart of sour milk), or soda with molasses (one teaspoon of soda to one cup of molasses), or soda and cream of tartar (one teaspoon of soda with two slightly rounded tsp of cream of tartar). The soda should be mixed well with the other dry ingredients, sour milk or molasses added, all beaten up quickly, and baked at a time. 

Baking powder is a preparation containing soda and cream of tartar, and can be used instead of soda, if using fresh milk. Two level teaspoons of baking powder should be used with a cup of flour. 

PRELIMINARY PLAN 

This lesson is a continuation of the lesson on the hitters. You must be careful not to do more can do well in the time available. 

RECIPES 

Graham Muffins 

1 c. Graham flour 1 c. flour 1 / 4 cup sugar 1 tsp. salt 1 c. milk 1 egg 1 tbsp. butter, melted 4 tsp. Baking-powder 

Mix and sift dry ingredients. Gradually add milk, well beaten egg and melted butter. Bake in a preheated oven on greased gem for 25 minutes. Bake in greased gem pans for 25 minutes. 

Baking powder biscuits 

2 c. flour 4 tsp. "Baking powder 1 tsp. 2 tablespoons salt. fat 3 / 4 to 1 cup milk or water 

Sift dry ingredients, cut the fat into the flour with a knife, slowly add enough milk to make a dough not too soft to be handled. Launch and carefully spread the batter on a lightly floured board and cut into small biscuits. Wet the top with a little milk. Handle the dough quickly, lightly, and least. Place on a buttered tray. Bake in hot oven until brown - 12-15 minutes. Any white flour or whole wheat can be used for cookies. Makes six to eight. Oven test - the oven must be hot enough to color a piece of unglazed white paper to a golden brown in a minute. 

Soda Crackers 

2 c. flour 1 / 2 tsp. soda (scant) 1 / 2 tsp. salt 1 c. sour milk (scant) 2 tbsp. shortening (lard or other fats) 

Proceed as for baking powder biscuits. 

If sour milk is not thick enough to curdle, do not contain enough acid to neutralize the soda, and cookies will be yellow and bitter. To avoid this, the cream of tartar can be mixed with soda (one teaspoon). If there is cream of tartar on hand will be a good idea to use the recipe for baking powder biscuits. 

METHOD OF WORK 

Have the oven and prepared pans and all the measurements. Demonstrate the mixing of the rolls and, while it is baking, mix cookies. Have one student take over the cooking pasta and other cooking cookies. When the bread is done, have the class to sit and serve them to each other, or for all students when school lunch. 

LESSON XV: MEAT 

Composition and nutritive value. How to make difficult cuts of tasty meat. Pork chops with fried apples. Beef or lamb stew with vegetables and meatballs. Rabbit stew. Bacon. 

OBJECT 

The meats are rich in proteins and fats in general, but no carbohydrates. They build muscle tissue, providing heat and energy, are more stimulating and strengthening than any other food, and satisfy hunger for a longer period of time. For the most part, meat is a very expensive food. You can not do more work by the use of a meat diet in a plant-based diet. Those who use large quantities of meat suffer from many disturbances of the system. Must therefore form a very small part of the diet. The cuts of meat from the animal body parts that are much exercise are difficult, due to the development of connective tissues, but contain a high percentage of nutrition. For the same reason, the meat of older animals tend to be hard. The meat of chickens, turkeys and other birds is very nutritious and easily digested, if not very fat. 

The taste of meat cooking is developed. Dry heat develops the best flavor, therefore, tender cuts are cooked by the process known as grilling and broiling. Require tough cuts of meat long and slow cooking in moist heat, thus are prepared as stews and pot roasts are used in soups or meat. 

PRELIMINARY PLAN 

After the teacher has discovered what meats are used in homes or what the school can afford to use, it must determine a method of cooking meat will make tasty, digestible, and attractive. If it can be prepared as a stew, use a recipe in which the vegetables are used and if possible, have been prepared to serve meatballs with meat, as a review of the lesson on the hitters.
