Demonstrate the mixing and cooking of Griddle Cakes. Serve the cakes daintily after
they are cooked.

LESSON XIV: BATTERS AND DOUGHS--Continued

Muffins--Baking-powder Biscuits

SUBJECT-MATTER

Methods of making batters light.--Batters are made light by beating air into them, by adding
eggs into which air has been beaten, or by entangling gas in the batter. Gas is secured by
using soda and sour milk in a batter (one teaspoon of soda to one pint of sour milk), or soda
with molasses (one teaspoon of soda to one cup of molasses), or soda with cream of tartar (one
teaspoon of soda with two slightly rounding teaspoons of cream of tartar). The soda should
be mixed well with the other dry ingredients, then the sour milk or molasses added, the whole
beaten up quickly, and baked at once.

Baking-powder is a preparation containing soda and cream of tartar, and may be used in place
of soda if sweet milk is used. Two level teaspoonfuls of baking-powder should be used with
one cup of flour.

PRELIMINARY PLAN

This lesson is a continuation of the lesson on batters. Care should be taken not to undertake
more than can be done well in the time available.

RECIPES

Graham Muffins

  1 c. graham flour
  1 c. flour
  1/4 c. sugar
  1 tsp. salt
  1 c. milk
  1 egg
  1 tbsp. melted butter
  4 tsp. baking-powder

Mix and sift the dry ingredients. Gradually add the milk, the egg well-beaten, and the melted
butter. Bake in a hot oven in greased gem pans for 25 minutes. Bake in greased gem pans for
25 minutes.

Baking-powder Biscuits

  2 c. flour
  4 tsp. baking-powder
  1 tsp. salt
  2 tbsp. fat
  3/4 to 1 c. milk or water

Sift the dry ingredients together, chop the fat into the flour with a knife, slowly add sufficient
milk to make a dough not too soft to be handled. Toss and roll the dough gently on a slightly-floured
board and cut into small biscuits. Moisten the tops with a little milk. Handle the dough quickly,
lightly, and as little as possible. Place on a buttered sheet. Bake in a hot oven till brown--from
12 to 15 minutes. Either white or whole wheat flour may be used for the biscuits. Serves six
to eight. Oven test--the oven should be hot enough to colour a piece of unglazed white paper
to a golden brown in one minute.

Soda Biscuits

  2 c. flour
  1/2 tsp. soda (scant)
  1/2 tsp. salt
  1 c. sour milk (scant)
  2 tbsp. shortening (lard or other fat)

Proceed as for Baking-powder Biscuits.

If the sour milk is not thick enough to curdle, it will not contain sufficient acid to neutralize
the soda, and the biscuits will be yellow and bitter. To avoid this, cream of tartar may be
mixed with the soda (1 teaspoonful). If there is no cream of tartar at hand, it will be wise
to use the recipe for Baking-powder Biscuits.

METHOD OF WORK

Have the oven and pans prepared and all the measurements made. Demonstrate the mixing of the
muffins and, while these are baking, the mixing of the biscuits. Have one pupil take charge
of the baking of the muffins and another of the baking of the biscuits. When the breads are
done, have the class sit down and serve them to one another, or to all the pupils at the school
lunch hour.

LESSON XV: MEATS

Composition and food value. How to make tough cuts of meat palatable. Pork chops with fried
apples. Beef or mutton stew with vegetables and dumplings. Rabbit stew. Bacon.

SUBJECT-MATTER

Meats are rich in protein and usually in fats, but are lacking in the carbohydrates. They build
up the muscular tissue, furnish heat and energy, are more stimulating and strengthening than
any other food, and satisfy hunger for a greater length of time. For the most part, meats are
a very expensive food. One cannot perform more labour by the use of a meat diet than on a diet
of vegetable foods. Those who use large quantities of meat suffer from many disturbances of
the system. Hence it should form a very small part of the diet. The cuts of meat that come
from those portions of the animal's body that are much exercised are tough, owing to the development
of the connective tissues, but they contain a high percentage of nutrition. For the same reason,
the meat from older animals is apt to be tough. The flesh of chickens, turkeys, and other fowls
is very nutritious and is easily digested if not too fat.

The flavour of meats is developed by cooking. Dry heat develops the best flavour, hence the
tender cuts are cooked by the processes known as broiling and roasting. Tough cuts of meat
require long, slow cooking in moist heat, hence they are prepared in the form of stews and
pot roasts or are used in meat soups.

PRELIMINARY PLAN

After the teacher has found out what meats are used in the homes or what the school can afford
to use, she should determine upon a method of cooking that will make the meat palatable, digestible,
and attractive. If it can be prepared as a stew, she should use a recipe in which vegetables
are also used and, if possible, have dumplings prepared to serve with the meat, as a review
of the lesson on batters.
