Display the mixing and cooking of Griddle Cakes. Serve the cakes gracefully after they are cooked. 

LESSON XIV: BATTERS AND DOUGHS--Continued 

Muffins--Baking-powder Biscuits 

SUBJECT-MATTER 

How to make the batters light:  By beating air into them, batters can be made light and fluffy.  While adding egg beat them well and trap gas into the batter.  Soda and sour milk will produce gas in the batter.  An alternative of soda with molasses or soda with cream of tartar can also be used in right proportions of one teaspoon of soda to a pint of sour milk, or one cup of molasses or two rounding spoons of cream of tartar respectively.  Soda should be mixed along with the dry ingredients like the flour and then the milk or molasses should be added.  After this the whole mixture has to be beaten up quickly and immediately baked in a baking oven.  Baking powder is a compound containing soda and cream of tartar and so it can be used instead of soda if sweetened milk is used as one of the ingredient. 

PRELIMINARY PLAN 

This lesson continues the lesson on batters. Whatever amount that can be handled only should be taken at a time. 

RECIPES 

Graham Muffins
 
Ingredients: 1 c. of graham flour, 1/4 c. sugar, 1 tsp. of salt, 1 c. milk, egg 1 no., butter in melted form 1 tbsp, 4 tsp. baking-powder.
First mix and sift all the dry ingredients.  Add milk, the well-beaten eggs, gradually and the melted butter.  Pour in a greased gem pans and bake for 25 minutes.  

Biscuits with Baking-powder

Ingredients: 2 c. flour, 4 tsp. baking-powder, 1 tsp. salt, 2 tbsp. fat, 3/4 to 1 c. milk or water 
After sifting the dry ingredients together, chop the fat into the flour with a knife.  Slwoly add enough milk to make the dough not too soft but right enough to be made into different shapes.  Toss and roll the dough on a slightly floured board gently and cut into small biscuits of different shapes.  

Spread little milk on the tops just enough to moisten them.  you should not handle the dough for a long time and roughly.  Bake in a preheated oven from 12 to 15 minutes.  White or whole wheat flour may be used to make the biscuits.  This measure serves six to eight persons.  Test the oven for heat test before starting to bake.  It should turn a while piece of white paper to a golden brown in one minute. 

Soda Biscuits 

Ingredients: 2 c. flour, 1/2 tsp. soda (scant), 1/2 tsp. salt, 1 c. sour milk (scant), 2 tbsp. shortening (lard or other fat) 

Method of making soda Biscuits:

The sour milk should be thick enough so that it would curdle easily.  Then only it will have enough acid to neutralize the soda and the biscuits will be yellow and bitter.  Also cream of tartar may be mixed with the soda to avoid this alternatively.  If there is no stock of cream of tartar, better use the Baking-powder biscuits recipe.

METHOD OF WORK 

Make all the measurements and prepare the oven and pans.  After you demonstrate the mixing of muffins and put them to bake.  While they are baking demonstrate the mixing of the biscuits.  Get the help of one pupil each for the above procedures.  The students can serve one another when the breads are done, or to all the pupils at the school can have them at the lunch hour. 
LESSON XV: MEATS 
Constitution and food value; how to make tough cuts of meat palatable: 
SUBJECT-MATTER 
Meats are loaded in protein and usually in fats, but are deficient in the carbohydrates.  Muscular tissue is built by them.  Heat and energy are furnished.  These are more stimulating and strengthening and hunger is satisfied for a long time.  meats are expensive as well as not very much suitable to the system when taken in large amounts.  They hinder the functioning unlike the vegetable foods which increase efficiency of the system.  Hence they should be taken in very small quantities.  Connective tissues are developed in the part of the body of the animal which is exercised more and hence it is tough.  Even the meat from older animals is tough due to the above reason.  The flesh of chickens, turkeys, and other fowls is very healthful and is easily assimilated if they are not too fat. 

The aroma of meats is developed by cooking. Dry heat develops the best taste; hence the tender cuts are cooked by the processes known as broiling and roasting. Tough cuts of meat need long, slow cooking in damp heat, hence they are prepared in the form of stews and pot roasts or are used in meat soups. 

INTRODUCTORY PLAN 

The teacher has to find out what types of meats are used in the homes or what the school can offer to use, she should decide upon a technique of cooking that will make the meat edible, digestible, and alluring.   She should use a recipe in which vegetables are also used and, if possible, for preparing stews that have dumplings prepared to serve with the meat.
