So His Royal Highness proposed to us out again?

The Prince.Yes, Marshal, I'm going to leave for a short time. I have made arrangements that will make my absence as little disadvantage compared may be possible. My orders have been carefully developed to provide for all contingencies, and hope that the enemy can not do the will of my colleagues find strong in the rough, while I'm making new triumphs for them in my temporary retirement.

Hindenburg. We're all going to regret the absence of His Royal Highness the areas where new evidence has been planted both German courage and German intellectual superiority, but surely your Highness will be much better for a short break. "I can perhaps ask the immediate cause of the departure of His Highness the Front?

Prince. No, the quarterback, do not do, because otherwise I will not reply in full. (Hum) Souvent femme varie; fol qui s'y fie - Do you know what that means, you rascal?

Hindenburg. I know that His Highness spoke in French, which is not what I expect from someone who is so near the throne.

The Prince. Now, you should not be angry, just boring people never get angry.

Hindenburg. His Royal Highness to say -?

The Prince. I mean you're not boring - it is really boring, you know, and therefore can not allow a trifle angry. Moreover, our predecessor, the great Frederick, he always speaks in French and wrote poetry in French - information that was too poor - and had a violent contempt for the German language, which considers a barbarous jargon.

Hindenburg. I do not care what the great Frederick may have thought about this - there are other points that might be well to imitate the first time to remember what I thought and said about our German noble - but for me it is enough to know that the Emperor and I serve the King has no such idea.

The Prince. Of course not, he holds no idea at all of any kind.

Hindenburg. At least he would be angry to hear that -

The Prince. Of course they would, he gets bored enough in all conscience for that or anything else.

Hindenburg (after a pause). His Royal Highness, perhaps, forgive me if I draw your kind attention to the fact that I have much work to do and little time to do it in.

The Prince. Of course, my dear Marshal, of course. They are making things hot for you, is not it, in the direction of Arras? I told myself this morning, "How annoying for the poor old Hindenburg for his masterly retreat interrupted by the atrocious English, and lost thirteen thousand prisoners and one hundred and sixty guns, and I do not know how many dead and wounded . Where is the steel wall now, the old man and his plan to lure the enemy patents on? "That's what I said to myself, and now we've found I feel I must offer my condolences. I know what it is, though of course it was not my fault that we failed to put it out against the French at Verdun. Heigh! I'm starting to believe that I shall never see Paris.

Hindenburg. ! ! !

The Prince. Need not look so busy, my dear old thing. I'm going. But I remember one day be emperor, and then what I do with you? I know, I've taught French.

* * * * *

* * * * *

* * * * *

CAUTIONARY TALES FOR THE ARMY.

I.

Sergt.-Instructor George Bellairs, who fancied himself a master of strong language.

Sergt.-Instructor George Bellairs was proud to swear terrible, and half the night and all day the thought of the horrible things to say. In his recruits in selecting tight He had work outside and said, "You clod!" "You get!" "You closhy post!" (Got a curse of eternal mercy, which shows that you can not care enough, not knowing who can read one of those things). With joy, the victims saw his quiver with joy wicked saw them tremble. Six stretchers assistants waited to be men than expected.

But at the beginning of the war came a team of men of fame rowing. With them, found their choicest curses fell on sterile and boring. It lavished all his treasure, the complete story; They did not let up, not quail. Its large number of plums shed, not wincing, not wilted. Poor man! As we left there was a beardless boy stated: "Zeus! What type of milk and water, I just enlisted. Oaths had on tap." Another said: "We would like to stay in shape before If we were a bit bloody!"

Sergt.-Instructor George Bellairs, he stops and looks and looks and looks, then (that damn late for free) tried to express themselves and - pop!

* * * * *

Spring fashions for men.

"Mr. ----, who managed to be present, had a festive air with an eye of lilies of the valley." - Ramsey Courier.
