The King wishes to leave us, yet again?

The Prince: I must leave for a little while, but I have arranged a new plan for to be carried out in my absence, so by presence will hardly be missed. My plans are thorough and there is no possibility that the enemy will be able to be able to counteract them, even in my absence.

Hindenburg: You will be missed greatly during your absence. Your abilities have proven to our enemies that German's are superior to them in both courage and intellectual superiority. Of course, I am convinced that you will return stronger than ever after a break from the front. I am curious as to your reasons for leaving, however.

The Prince: My reasons for departure are of a secret nature. Souvent femme varie; fol qui s'y fie.

Hindenburg: French? I don't speak the language, and neither should you being so close to the throne.

The Prince: Do I sense anger? I would advise you to refrain from it. Otherwise, I may think you to unimaginative.

Hindenburg: What are you implying?

The Prince: My implication was that you were likely not very angry, but a little agitated. Thus, you are somewhat imaginative. Of course, The Great Frederick, who came before us spoke and wrote poetry in French. He was neither a good speaker or writer, and he hated the German language.

Hindenburg: Who cares what the so called, Great Frederick, thought about any language. There are only a few things that you should try to learn from him, and his views on language are not one of them. I would be more at ease knowing that the one I serve did not hold those views.

The Prince: I do not hold those views.

Hindenburg: And that those ideas should even make him angry.

The Prince: I'm as unimaginative as can be.

Hindenburg: As much as I would like to continue our conversation, there is much work to be done and time is running short.

The Prince: Absolutely. There is much more work left for you to do. I feel sorry for you, and the mess you must clean up. After all, you attone for your unfortunate happening in the direction of Arras. Those horrible English interrupting your retreat, stealing thirteen thousand prisoners, one hundred and sixty guns, and killing or wounding who knows how many of your men. I truly feel for you, and truly hope you are able to recover from such an atrocity. I met the same sort of situation with the French in Verdun; it is no easy path to recovery. I doubt we will ever see Paris again.

Hindenburg: You believe that!?

The Prince: Don't take things too seriously, my dear friend. When I am Emperor, you will learn French, and we will speak it together.

-----------

Armed Forces; Stories of Warning:

1.

Sergeant Instructor George Bellairs was proud that he was a master of sharp-tongued speech.

He worked hard, often finding himself deep in thought planning how to best swear, storm, and berate the pride of others. At night, he would dream up new ways to organize his fiendish words to best get his frightful messages across. It's inconceivable how much work he put into formulating his verbal attacks, but the fruits of his efforts were unsurpassed and the most fulfilling rewards he could ever hope for.

His efforts would be rebuffed every time he brought a recruit to quivering fear, which was many, many times a day. His tyrades often brought recruits to their breaking points, for which there were stretchers always at the ready to take them away.

The poor Sergeant, however, met his match early in the War with a group of men who did not care about, respect, or take to heart any seething word he layed upon them. They would ask him for more, and he could not always provide it for them. In the end he became so full of anger and lack of pride in his own abilities, that he himself cracked.

------------------------

Stylish Springtime Attire for Men:

With a pocket full of lillies and an air of festivity, Lord ---- managed his presence.
