So your Royal Highness proposes to leave us again?

The Prince.Yes, Marshal, I'm going to leave you for a short time. I have made arrangements
which will render my absence from the Front as little disadvantageous as may be possible. My
orders have been carefully drawn up so as to provide for every contingency, and I trust that
nothing the enemy can do will find my stout fellows unprepared, while I am devising fresh triumphs
for them in my temporary retirement.

Hindenburg. We shall all regret the absence of your Royal Highness from those fields in which
you have planted new proofs both of German courage and of German intellectual superiority;
but no doubt your Highness will be all the better for a short rest. May I, perhaps, ask the
immediate cause of your Highness's departure from the Front?

The Prince. No, Marshal, you mustn't, for if you do I shall not answer you fully. (Hums) Souvent
femme varie; fol qui s'y fie--do you know what that means, you rogue?

Hindenburg. I know your Highness spoke in French, which is not what I should have expected
from one who stands so near to the throne.

The Prince. Now, you mustn't be angry; only dull people ever get angry.

Hindenburg. Your Royal Highness means to say--?

The Prince. I mean to say that you're not dull--not really dull, you know, and that therefore
you can't be allowed to get angry about a mere trifle. Besides, our predecessor, the GREAT
FREDERICK, always spoke in French and wrote his poetry in French--very poor stuff it was too--and
had a violent contempt for the German language, which he considered a barbarous jargon.

Hindenburg. I care not what the GREAT FREDERICK may have thought as to this matter--there are
other points in which it might be well to imitate him first rather than to remember what he
thought and said about our noble German language--but for me it is enough to know that the
Emperor and King whom I serve holds no such ideas.

The Prince. Of course he doesn't; he holds no ideas at all of any kind.

Hindenburg. At least he would be angry to hear such--

The Prince. Of course he would; he's dull enough in all conscience for that or anything else.

Hindenburg (after a pause). Your Royal Highness will, perhaps, forgive me if I draw your gracious
attention to the fact that I have much work to do and but little time to do it in.

The Prince. Of course, my dear Marshal, of course. They're making things warm for you, aren't
they, in the direction of Arras? I was saying to myself only this morning, "How annoying for
that poor old HINDENBURG to have his masterly retreat interrupted by those atrocious English,
and to lose thirteen thousand prisoners and one hundred-and-sixty guns, and I don't know how
many killed and wounded. Where's his wall of steel now, poor old fellow, and his patent plan
for luring the enemy on?" That's what I said to myself, and now that we have met I feel that
I must offer you my condolences. I know what it is, though of course it wasn't my fault that
we failed to bring it off against the French at Verdun. Heigho! I'm really beginning to believe
that I shall never see Paris.

Hindenburg. !!!   !!!   !!!

The Prince. You needn't look so stuffy, dear old thing. I'm going. But remember I shall be
your Emperor some day; and then what shall I do with you? I know; I shall have you taught French.

       *       *       *       *       *

       *       *       *       *       *

       *       *       *       *       *

CAUTIONARY TALES FOR THE ARMY.

I.

    Sergt.-Instructor George Bellairs, who imagined himself to be a master
    of strong language.

  Sergt.-Instructor George Bellairs
  Prided himself on dreadful swears,
  And half the night and all the day
  He thought of frightful things to say.
  On his recruits in serried squad
  He'd work them off; he said, "You clod!"
  "You put!" "You closhy put!" (a curse he
  Got from The Everlasting Mercy,
  Which shows one can't take care enough,
  Not knowing who may read one's stuff).
  With joy he saw his victims quiver,
  With wicked joy beheld them shiver.
  Six stretchers in attendance waited
  To carry off the men he slated.

  But early in the War there came
  A squad of men of rowing fame.
  With them, his choicest oaths he found
  Fell upon bored and barren ground.
  He lavished all his hoard, full tale;
  They did not blench, they did not quail.
  His plethora of plums he spilt;
  They did not wince, they did not wilt.
  Poor fellow! As they left him there,
  He heard one beardless boy declare,
  "Jove! what a milk-and-water chap!
  I thought non-coms. had oaths on tap."
  Another said, "We'd soon be fit
  If we were only cursed a bit!"

  Sergt.-Instructor George Bellairs,
  He stands and stares, and stares and stares;
  Then (he who late so freely cursed)
  Tried to express himself and--burst!

       *       *       *       *       *

SPRING FASHIONS FOR MEN.

    "Lord ----, who managed to be present, wore a festive air with a
    button-hole of lilies of the valley."--Ramsey Courier.
