"A woman?" asked Bagot, taking each forlorn breath into his tensed body, and leaned forward.  "My wife?"

"Yes, your wife."

"Quick, please!  Please go on, Father."

"She begged me to help her.  She fell to her knees at my feet, but I sent her away."

Bagot began to move around the priest, circling him the way a fierce predator might circle his next meal.  "You coward!" he growled, sweat dripping from his brow.  "You could have saved her, and you wouldn't!"

The priest lifted his hand, hoping to calm Bagot's rage.  "Please, let me finish!  She left us, bemoaning her desertion by man and by God.  After breakfast, when the chief was full and satisfied, I asked how he had come to have the woman, and he told me that she had been lost on the plains when he found her.  I offered to purchase her, hoping to return her to her husband, but he said a priest such as I had no need for a woman.  He said he planned to make her his wife when they arrived at the tribe's camp.  I then offered to trade - shot, blankets, beads - valuable things I would give in exchange for her.  He still refused."

The priest hesitated, waiting for Bagot's response.  Blood rushed through the man's veins, pulsing hard against the skin of his neck.  His whole body was stiff, and his face shone with sweat.

"Go on," he gasped.  "For God's sake!"  

"Yes," said the priest.  "For the sake of God.  I offered more things: a rifle, a saddle, some flannel, but still he denied me.  Again I offered more, enough to leave me a very poor man for a very long time - all this to save the woman you drove from your house, John Bagot.  I offered all that I had in my power to give, but he would not be persuaded.  Finally, I said, 'The white men will hunt you and kill you if you marry one of their women, and they will not rest until this is done.'  And he said, 'But they will have to catch me first.' What more could I have done?"

"You left her with them?" raged Bagot, looming over the priest.  "What kind of a man are you?"

"There were twenty of them," came the gentle reply.  "And there was only one of me."

"And your God?"

"Our God was there."

"Did it occur to you to offer them rum in exchange for my wife?" asked Bagot, eyes alight with a fiery rage.  "They would have traded her back for no more than ten kegs!"

"That is illegal," said the priest, quietly, and indeed, for all their passion the two men barely raised their voices above a gentle murmur.  "As a priest of my order, I have promised never to give an Indian rum."  

"A vow?" raged Bagot, pitiful in his misery.  "What is a vow worth in the eyes of God against the worth of my wife?"

"What worth is a broken vow for the sake of God's enemies against the worth of my perjured soul?  What have you, John Bagot, ever done to deserve such a thing from me?"

"Your Lord Jesus Christ would have broken such a vow to save such a woman!"

"And just what would you give," asked the priest, face carefully solemn.  "What would Christ earn from John Bagot if He had done such a thing for you?"

"Give?" asked the Bagot, shaking as his sorrow overtook him.  He looked to the priest with tears in his eyes.  "For the safety of my wife I would give to your God twenty years of my life."

"Swear to it," commanded the priest, standing tall over the broken man.  He held the iron crucifix before him.  "To you knees, John Bagot."

Bagot repeated the words of the priest, finding himself inspired by the commanding nature of the man, with the blood of renewed optimism pulsing through his body.

"Madame Lucette!"

The boy sat up in his bed, suddenly waking at the sound.  "Mother!" he cried, and the wife, the mother, flew into the room and into her husband's arms.  The next moment she was at the boy's side, laughing tears of joy and love over her missed child.

"John Bagot," said Father Corraine, facing the man with gentle but powerful regard.  "I have broken my vow, and bought your wife for a price of ten kegs of rum.  For this I now demand the devotion of twenty years of your life to love and obey of God."

The huntsman, overcome with joy, fell to his knees once more before the priest, caught his hand, and drew it to his lips to kiss it.

The priest withdrew, and pressed the crucifix against Bagot's lips.  "No," he said.  "This."

Through the room, Dominique's voice rang bright and clear.  "I saw a white swan fly away when you came through the door, Mother.
