Bagot leaned forward, his body taut, every muscle taut. "A woman?" said, as if breathing gave him sorrow - "my wife?" 

"Your wife." 

"Soon, soon Adelante - oh, well, m'sieu - good father." 

"She fell at my feet, begging me to save her .... I said hello." 

The sweat from his forehead fell Bagot, a grunt left him, and he made a movement as a lion could do in its prey. 

"Do not - save it - coward! "He goes down the words. 

The priest raised his palm to the other acts of violence. "Silence!" ... He turned, saying that God and man was gone .... Breakfast, the manager and I, when the chief had eaten too much and was in good spirits, I asked where it came to women. He said he had found on the plains that had lost its way. I told him then that I wanted to buy. He said, 'What does a lack of a woman priest? "I said I wanted to give something back to her husband. He said he had found her, and she was his, and that he would marry her when they reached the great camp of the tribe. I was patient. It would not do that causes them anger. I wrote on a piece of bark of the things that would give it: an order of the Company at Fort o 'Sin for shot, blankets, and grains. He said no. " 

The priest paused. Bagot face was swimming in sweat, his body was stiff, but the veins in his neck knotted and twisted. 

"For the love of God, now!" he said huskily. "Yes," for the love of God. "I have no money, I am poor, but the company has always complied with my orders because I have to pay sometimes with the help of Christ. Well, I've added some things to the list: a chair, a rifle, and some flannel. But , I would not. Once more I put things. It was a great bill - that will keep me poor for five years. - To save his wife, John Bagot, you who took your door, blaspheming, and railing, like me ... I offered things, and told him it was all I could give. After a bit, shook his head, and said that women should have for his wife. I did not know what to add. He said - "She is white, and whites will never rest until they have killed you all, if you do this thing. The company will follow up. Then he said:" The whites must take and fight before they kill me. " ... What was there to do? " 

Bagot went to the priest, bending over him violently. 

"Let him stay with them - than by the hand like a man!" 

"Silence!" It was the calm, reproving the answer. "I was a man, were twenty. 

"Where was your God helps you, then?" 

"Your God and mine was with me." 

Bagot eyes burned. "Why do not you offer rum - rum? We have done - from to five to ten barrels of rum! " 

He swayed to and fro in his excitement, but his voice hardly rose above a hoarse whisper all the time. "You forget," replied the priest, "that is against the law, and as a priest of my order, I promised to give a rum from India. " 

"A vote? A vote? Name of God, what is a vote with a woman - my wife?" 

Your misery and rage pitiful to see. 

"Pledge my soul? Offer Ron? Break my vote in the face of the enemies of the Church of God?" What have you done for me I do this for you, John Bagot? " 

"Coward!" was the desperate cry of man, with a sudden danger. "Christ would have broken a vow to save her." 

The grave, kind eyes of the priest met with fierce new eyes, and calmed the storm that was about to break. 

"Who am I to teach my master?" he said solemnly. "What would you give Christ, Bagot, if you have saved?" 

The man shook with grief and tears ran from her eyes, so suddenly and completely new emotion had passed it. 

"Give - give?" He yelled, "I would give twenty years of my life!" 

The figure of the priest with a grandeur was smooth. Holding the iron crucifix, said: "On your knees and swear, John Bagot." 

There was something inspiring, commanding in voice and manner, and Bagot, with new hope running through his veins, knelt and repeated his words. 

The priest went to the door and said, "Madame Lucette!" 

The child, hearing, woke up and sat down suddenly. "Mother, mother!" He screamed as the door opened. The mother came to her husband's arms, laughing and crying, and a moment later he was pouring his love and anxiety over her son. 

Father Corraine now facing the man, and with an exaltation of the customs and the soft voice, said: 

"John Bagot, on behalf of Christ, the demand for twenty years of his life - love and obedience to God. I broke my promise, perjured my soul, I bought his wife with ten barrels of rum!"

The tall hunter dropped again on his knees, and took the priest's hand to kiss. 

"No, no - this! "Said the priest, and put the iron cross the lips of another. 

Dominique's voice came clearly through the room: "Mother, I saw the white swan flying over the door when I entered"
