9. Topmost components mahogany brown stained with white; antibrachium short of 43 mm L. seminolus.

   9'. Topmost components dark chestnut;    antibrachium exceeding 43 mm (44.8 in only examined specimen, female) L.castaneus.

   1'. Yellowish in color; only one premolar noted on each side of superior mandible.

10.  Total length exceeds 119 mm.; teeth, superior row measures 6.0 mm. or greater in length. L. intermedius.

Lasiurus intermedius 

Northern Yellow Bat

Diagnosis: Topmost components yellowish-orange, or yellowish-brown, or brownish-gray lightly stained in hues ranging from black to a yellowish-gray; size is large (antibrachium. 45.2-62.8; condylocanine measuring 16.9 to 21.5).

Dispersion and Topographical Fluctuations

Lasiurus intermedius H. Allen, species indigenous to Matamoros, Tamaulipas, has been observed from the Rio Grande Valley in Texas southward all the way to Honduras, and in Cuba.  Lasiurus floridanus (Miller) type indigenous to Lake Kissimmee, Florida, has been observed from southeastern Texas, eastward over the Gulf of Mexico to Florida, and from there northward along the Atlantic Coast deep into southeastern Virginia (reference records of observance beyond, and fig. 2), Specimens of intermdeius from its indigenous areas and from sections of Mexico show marked variances from the floridianus samples (origins: Florida and south Georgia) as follows: Size bigger, both overall (particularly antibrachium) and with respect to the skull (refrence measurements herein); dental components larger and more formidable; cranium more massive and displaying more conspicuous sagittal and lambdoidal topknots; brainpan less circular, more ovoid; auditory bullae comparatively smaller; superior components more effulgent on average (yellowish to yellowish-orange in appearance overall, as opposed to yellowish-brown to brownish-gray hues).

The variations discussed above are of a degree that usually indicates separate subspecies of one species, rather than two distinct subspecies. Miller (1902;392-393), in his original explication of floridianus, pointed out that the distinctions between it and intermedius were rather weak and opined (p. 393)
