Sundry laws of Congress have liberated several hundred thousands more and there are still those who remain legally enslaved. There are probably less than three quarters of a million,--chiefly scattered along a narrow border-strip that is coextensive, North and South, with Freedom or Emancipation,--partly dotted in isolated parishes or counties, enclosed by enfranchised slaves. 

Can we preserve in perpetuity so anomalous a condition of things? Clearly not. At every step, we experience countless feelings of shame that hinder our progress. No industry, no good judgments from humans, would be adequate enough to determine the countless number of conflicting questions that must arise out of such a disorder as this. 

Must the history of each negro be traced back just to determine his status, whether slave or free? If negroes emancipated in insurrectionary States are sold as slaves into Border States, or into excepted parishes or counties, can we expect to trace the transaction? If slaves owned in Border States, or in certain parishes or counties, are sold to loyal men in insurrectionary States, are they still slaves? or do they experience freedom? Are we to acknowledge, or refuse, the constitutionality of Border-State laws, which arrest, and confine them as wanderers, and sell into slavery to pay expenses of arrest and imprisonment? But why increase instances? The longer this twilight of acting with uncertainty lasts, it will be only lead to confusion.


[Footnote 11: If, hereafter, Attorney-General Bates's position, that a free negro is a citizen, be maintained by the Supreme Court, then, should the question come up prior to it, the State laws above referred to will be declared unconstitutional. But meanwhile they have not been declared, and are in force. 

The negro-excluding laws of Indiana and Illinois are in the same category.] 

We cannot stand still. Shall we become more distant? We break faith which is out solemn pledge; we submit, before the world, to base disgrace; we bow down to a system which the voice of all Christendom disapproves of; we leave behind the struggle for nationality, and consent, for ages, perhaps, to a dismembered country. Shall we continue on? There is but one path to victory and to peace. 

* * * * * 

REVIEWS AND LITERARY NOTICES. By HENRY JAMES. Boston: Ticknor & Fields. 

Any one tolerably conversant with either the religion or the philosophy of the last twenty-five years, as displayed in the recent literature, must have been convicted that both had left their ancient moorings in a search for a new anchorage. We read the "Essays and Reviews" and "The Pentateuch and the Book of Joshua critically Examined," and the replications long-drawn-out from High Church and Low, with a decided that the combatants are fighting on an immense ice-field, which is drifting them all together into other and unknown seas. What concerns any man profoundly aware of the wants both of the intellect and the heart. Whether Moses wrote the Pentateuch or not, and if so, whether he was as accomplished a geologist as Professors at Buckland and Lyell? Admit that the whole letter of Scripture comes from God by what laws and methods shall we expound it so as to put an end to the carnage between Faith and Reason, between Religion and Philosophy? 

We say without reservation, that this book of Mr. James's,published a few years since, on the "Nature of Evil," is the first we have met with, in the range of modern religious disputes, which goes to the heart and marrow of the subject. 

To see into what straits we had been brought, call to mind the essentials of the Kantian and Scotch philosophies, which have dominated the German and English mind, and partially the French mind, for the last part of a century. Kant resolves all our intellect into the science of phenomena. Our faculties give us nothing but the phenomena of consciousness; and the phenomena of consciousness are not noumenal existence, or existence in se. Nor have we any right to reason from phenomena to noumena or are we to say that the former authenticate the latter. We know only the Ego. The Non-Ego lies on the other side of a yawning chasm,--if, indeed, there is anything on the other side, which is uncertain.
