Sundry laws of Congress have
emancipated several hundred thousands more. There remain legally enslaved probably less than
three quarters of a million,--chiefly scattered along a narrow border-strip that is coterminous,
North and South, with Freedom or Emancipation,--partly dotted in isolated parishes or counties,
surrounded by enfranchised slaves. Can we maintain in perpetuity so anomalous a condition of
things? Clearly not. At every step embarrassments innumerable obstruct our progress. No industry,
no human sagacity, would suffice to determine the ten thousand conflicting questions that must
arise out of such a chaos. Must the history of each negro be followed back, so as to determine
his status, whether slave or free? If negroes emancipated in insurrectionary States are sold
as slaves into Border States, or into excepted parishes or counties, can we expect to trace
the transaction? If slaves owned in Border States, or in excepted parishes or counties, are
sold to loyal men in insurrectionary States, are they still slaves? or do they become free?
Are we to admit, or to deny, the constitutionality of Border-State laws, which arrest, and
imprison as vagrants, and sell into slavery to pay expenses of arrest and imprisonment, free
negro emigrants from insurrectionary States?[11] But why multiply instances? The longer this
twilight of groping transition lasts, it will be only confusion the worse confounded.

    [Footnote 11: If, hereafter, Attorney-General Bates's decision,
    that a free negro is a citizen, be sustained by the Supreme Court,
    then, should the question come up before it, the State laws above
    referred to will be declared unconstitutional. But meanwhile they
    have not been so declared, and are in force.

    The negro-excluding laws of Indiana and Illinois are in the same
    category.]

We cannot stand still. Shall we recede? We break faith solemnly plighted; we submit, before
the world, to base humiliation; we bow down to a system which the voice of all Christendom
condemns; we abandon the struggle for nationality, and consent, for ages, perhaps, to a dismembered
country. Shall we advance? There is but one path--the plain, truth-lighted, onward path--to
victory and to peace.

       *       *       *       *       *

REVIEWS AND LITERARY NOTICES. By HENRY JAMES. Boston: Ticknor & Fields.

Any one tolerably conversant with either the religion or the philosophy of the last twenty-five
years, as displayed in the current literature, must have been convinced that both had left
their ancient moorings, never again to find them, and were floating about perilously in quest
of a new anchorage. We read the "Essays and Reviews" and "The Pentateuch and the Book of Joshua
critically Examined," and the replications long-drawn-out from High Church and Low, with a
decided impression that the combatants are skirmishing on an immense ice-field, which is drifting
them all together into other and unknown seas. What cares any man profoundly conscious of the
wants both of the intellect and the heart whether Moses wrote the Pentateuch or not, and if
so, whether he was as accomplished a geologist as Professors Buckland and Lyell? Admit that
the whole letter of Scripture comes from God, even to the vowel-points, by what laws and methods
shall we expound it so as to put an end to the internecine war between Faith and Reason, between
Religion and Philosophy?

We say without reserve, that this book of Mr. James's, if we except a small and unpretending
treatise by the same author, published a few years since, on the "Nature of Evil," is the first
we have met with, in the range of modern religious controversy, which goes to the heart and
marrow of the subject.

To see into what straits we had been brought, call to mind the essentials of the Kantian and
Scotch philosophies, which have dominated the German and English mind, and partially the French
mind, for the last quarter of a century. Kant resolves all our knowledge into the science of
phenomena. Our faculties give us nothing but the phenomena of consciousness; and the phenomena
of consciousness are not noumenal existence, or existence in se. Nor have we any right to reason
from phenomena to noumena, or to say that the former authenticate the latter. We know only
the Ego. The Non-Ego lies on the other side of a yawning chasm,--if, indeed, there is anything
on the other side, which is doubtful.
