He caused a declaration to that effect to be made by "the official of the Archdeacon of London,
to whom the cognisance of such causes of old belongs," married Ann Browne, and, after her death,
Henry's sister Mary. A marriage, the validity of which depended, like Henry's, upon a papal
dispensation, and which, like Henry's, had been consummated, was declared null and void on
exactly the same grounds as those upon which Henry himself sought a divorce, namely, the invalidity
of the previous dispensation. On 12th May, 1528, Clement VII. issued a bull confirming Suffolk's
divorce and pronouncing ecclesiastical censures on all who called in question the Duke's subsequent
marriages. That is precisely the course Henry wished to be followed. Wolsey was to declare
the marriage invalid on the ground of the insufficiency of the papal dispensation; Henry might
then marry whom he pleased; the Pope was to confirm the sentence, and censure all who should
dispute the second marriage or the legitimacy of its possible issue.

                   [Footnote 559: L. and P., iv., 5291. This
                   examination took place on 5th and 6th April.]

                   [Footnote 560: Ibid., iv., 3140.]

                   [Footnote 561: L. and P., iv., 5859; cf. iv.,
                   737.]

Another precedent was also forced on Henry's mind. On 11th March,  (p. 200) 1527, two months
before Wolsey opened his court, a divorce was granted at Rome to Henry's sister Margaret, Queen
of Scotland.[562] Her pretexts were infinitely more flimsy than Henry's own. She alleged a
precontract on the part of her husband, Angus, which was never proved. She professed to believe
that James IV. had survived Flodden three years, and was alive when she married Angus. Angus
had been unfaithful, but that was no ground for divorce by canon law; and she herself was living
in shameless adultery with Henry Stewart, who had also procured a divorce to be free to marry
his Queen. No objection was found at Rome to either of these divorces; but neither Angus nor
Margaret Mortimer had an Emperor for a nephew; no imperial armies would march on Rome to vindicate
the validity of their marriages, and Clement could issue his bulls without any fear that their
justice would be challenged by the arms of powerful princes. Not so with Henry; while the secret
proceedings before Wolsey were in progress, the world was shocked by the sack of Rome, and
Clement was a prisoner in the hands of the Emperor's troops. There was no hope that a Pope
in such a plight would confirm a sentence to the detriment of his master's aunt. "If the Pope,"
wrote Wolsey to Henry on receipt of the news, "be slain or taken, it will hinder the King's
affairs not a little, which have hitherto been going on so well."[563] A little later he declared
that, if Catherine repudiated his authority, it would be necessary to have the assent of the
Pope or of the cardinals to the divorce. To obtain the former the Pope must be liberated; to
secure the latter the cardinals must be assembled in France.[564]  (p. 201)

                   [Footnote 562: L. and P., iv., 4130.]

                   [Footnote 563: Ibid., iv., 3147.]

                   [Footnote 564: L. and P., iv., 3311.]

To effect the Pope's liberation, or rather to call an assembly of cardinals in France during
Clement's captivity, was the real object of the mission to France, on which Wolsey started
in July. Such a body, acting under Wolsey's presidency and in the territories of the French
King, was as likely to favour an attack upon the Emperor's aunt as the Pope in the hands of
Charles's armies was certain to oppose it. Wolsey went in unparalleled splendour, not as Henry's
ambassador but as his lieutenant; and projects for his own advancement were, as usual, part
of the programme. Louise of Savoy, the queen-mother of France, suggested to him that all Christian
princes should repudiate the Pope's authority so long as he remained in captivity, and the
Cardinal replied that, had the overture not been made by her, it would have been started by
himself and by Henry.[565] It was rumoured in Spain that Wolsey "had gone into France to separate
the Church of England and of France from the Roman, not merely during the captivity of the
Pope and to effect his liberation, but for a perpetual division,"[566] and that Francis was
offering Wolsey the patriarchate of the two schismatic churches.
