To the official of the Archdeacon of London belonged such causes of old.  He married Ann Browne, and then Henry’s sister Mary after his first wife died.  The validity of the marriage depended on a papal dispensation like that of Henry’s and has been consummated and announced invalid as that of Henry, on which he sought a divorce, which happened to be the invalidity of the previous dispensation. On the 12th of May 1528, a bill was issued by Clement VII which confirmed the Suffolk’s divorce and also pronounced priestly census on everyone who raised questions on the subsequent marriages of the Duke, which was exactly the course Henry wished he could follow.  On the grounds of insufficiency of the papal indulgence, Wolsey was to declare the marriage invalid; Henry can marry anyone he wanted to marry; so the Pope had to confirm the sentence, and all who might rise in dispute for the second marriage or the legitimacy of its possible issue.

[Footnote 559: L. and P., iv., 5291. This examination took place on 5th and 6th April.]

[Footnote 560: Ibid., iv., 3140.] 

[Footnote 561: L. and P., iv., 5859; cf. iv., 737.] 

There was another precedent which was also forced on Henry’s mind.  On 11th March, (p. 200) 1527, two months before Wolsey opened his court, a divorce was granted at Rome to Henry's sister Margaret, Queen of Scotland.[562]   Henry’s pretexts were somewhat stronger than hers.  Her allegation on the precontract by her husband, Angus has never been proved.  She perceived that James IV had escaped the dangers in those three years and was living when she was married to Angus.  Though Angus was unfaithful, according to the canon law it was no reason for a divorce;  Henry Stewart was a person she was living in shameless adultery, who has also got a divorce to get free so that he could marry his Queen.  

There was no objection from Rome to any of these two divorces; since neither Angus nor Margaret Mortimer had an Emperor as their nephew, there won’t be the danger of imperial armies to march on Rome to vindicate the validity of their marriages, and Clement was able to issue his bills without any fear of justice being challenged at the arms of powerful princes.  It was not the case with Henry; while the private dealings before Wolsey were in progress, the world was shocked by the ruin of Rome, and Clement became a prisoner in the hands of the Emperor's troops.

Such a grieving Pope could not be expected to confirm a sentence to the detriment of his master’s aunt.   "If the Pope," wrote Wolsey to Henry when he received the news receipt of the news, "be slain or taken, it will thwart the King's affairs not a little, which have up to now been carrying on very well."[563]. It was declared a little later that it would be necessary to get the permission of the Pope or of the cardinals to the divorce.  The Pope must be liberated to obtain the former; the cardinals must be brought together in France to acquire the latter. [564] (p. 201) 

[Footnote 562: L. and P., iv., 4130.] 

[Footnote 563: Ibid., iv., 3147.] 

[Footnote 564: L. and P., iv., 3311.] 

To free the Pope, or rather to arrange for the congregation of an assembly of cardinals in France during the time when Clement was kept in captivity, was the real aim of the mission on which Wolsey proceeded to France, in July.  Such an organization which was presided by Wolsey and in the territories of the French King favored an attack upon the Emperor’s aunt as good as the Pope in the hands of Charles’s armies was sure to be against this.  Wolsey went as Henry’s lieutenant and not as his ambassador with an unequalled magnificence; part of the agenda was his own projects for advancement.  It was suggested to him by Louise of Savoy, the queen-mother of France, that all Christian princes should repudiate the Pope's authority so long as he remained in captivity.  To this the Cardinal replied that if it wasn’t she who made the proposition, Henry or he would have started it by themselves.  [565]. It was assumed in Spain that Wolsey’s purpose of visit t France is to separate the Church of England and of France from the Roman, not merely during the captivity of the Pope and to effect his liberation, but for a perpetual division. [566] and that Francis were recommending Wolsey the patriarchate of the two schismatic churches.
