We were guided into another chamber, one that is open to the gallery where both the bust of Adrian and the bust of Antinous are placed. The entryway is flanked by intricately carved pilasters, within which are a number of miniature-filled and perfumed cabinets, as well as one column that is about ten feet tall and consists of Oriental alabaster.

"Lucido e terso, e bianco, piu che latte."

I decided to test the patience of my guide, lingering longer than the others, perhaps longer than I should have. I spent my time examining the drawers of the cabinets. I probably would have stayed longer but the perfume was too powerful and I was obliged to move along, now entering a suite of saloons. The roofs were low and arched, sparkling in azure and gold. The occasional medallion sparkles amongst the wreaths of foliage. The painting was of passable quality, and present were the feasts and tournaments that Florence used to be famous for.

Innumerable pictures, mainly Flemish, dot the walls. These I only noticed later, however, because Leonard da Vinci's Medusa's head captivated me. The head is a lesson in the grotesque, severed from the body and discard on the floor of the cave. Ghostly white, the mouth releases a disgusting gas and the serpents fill the rest of the frame with their slithering forms, some having already begun to move away.

The color lends realism to the disturbing the image, while the lighting is so technical that the mastery of the artist behind the work is apparent. These words are but a pale reflection of the true impressiveness of the work, unfortunately.

Now I have discovered a number of Polemburgs. Amid the verdant and lovely visions of woods and waterfalls that he is known for, there is a painting of Virgil show Dante into the realms of everlasting punishment that stands alone in its unique nature. The hellish scene is filled with fire, cliffs, solitary towers, scary shadows, and devils in a variety of terrifying forms. The poor and desperate mortals are subjected to a variety of different poses, all in pain and all trying to escape, like the poor bugger in the claws of an enormous lobster-like  monster. Yet, the painting still captures the softness for which Polemburg has gained his fame, and the delicacy that has helped him retain it.

It was only the inherent and startling contradiction between the depiction and the method of depiction that caught my eye and spurred this explanation, otherwise I probably would have gazed right over these works and brought your attention directly to the Tribune. When I saw the Venus de Medicis I was in rapture. Absolutely captivated. The warmth and color of the marble called to me. Its beauty retained within itself and never fully passed along to any other imitation or copy. The execution of the anatomy of the statue gave it the impression of life. 

On a side note, a small characteristic greatly increased the illusion of the statue for me, which was the difference between the color of the face and the hair. The difference is ever so slight, ye the effect is immense, bring ever closer the feeling that I was in the presence of the divine.

Ripping my eyes away from this beauty, I finally managed to move along, encountering Morpheus dozing gently at the feet of the goddess like a sleeping infant. Tucked under his head, a lion, and tucked under his body two wings, similar to those that adorn his head, hiding amongst his cute curls. His lithe fingers contain poppies, and a lizard yields to his presence nearby. All of the creatures show the just nature of this young divinity and his sleep, docile and completely under his spell. My cogitations upon viewing the young god were quite satisfying, and soon I found myself beginning to feel a little drowsy, longing to curl up his side for just a short nap. I could no longer hold onto my anger and sense of injustice at the thought of seeing this deity so badly sculpted in the gallery because of his wonderful execution in the Tribune.
