From this chamber we were conducted into another, which opens
to that part of the gallery where the busts of Adrian and Antinous are placed.  Two pilasters,
delicately carved in trophies and clusters of ancient armour, stand on each side of the entrance;
within are several perfumed cabinets of miniatures, and a single column of Oriental alabaster
about ten feet in height,

"Lucido e terso, e bianco, piu che latte."

I put my guide's patience to the proof, by remaining much longer than any one else ever did,
in admiring the pillar, and rummaging the drawers of the cabinets.  At last, the musk with
which they are impregnated obliged me to desist, and I moved on to a suite of saloons, with
low arched roofs, glittering with arabesque, in azure and gold.  Several medallions appear
amongst the wreaths of foliage, tolerably well painted, with representations of splendid feasts
and tournaments for which Florence was once so famous.

A vast collection of small pictures, most of them Flemish, covers the walls of these apartments.
But nothing struck me more than a Medusa's head by that surprising genius Leonardo da Vinci.
It appears just severed from the body, and cast on the damp pavement of a cavern:  a deadly
paleness covers the countenance, and the mouth exhales a pestilential vapour:  the snakes,
which fill almost the whole picture, beginning to untwist their folds; one or two seemed already
crept away, and crawling up the rock in company with toads and other venomous reptiles.

The colouring of these disgustful objects is faithful to a great degree; the effect of light,
prodigious; the whole so masterly that I could not help entering into this description; though
I fear to little purpose, as words at best convey but a weak idea of objects addressed to the
sight alone.

Here are a great many Polemburgs:  one in particular, the strangest I ever beheld.  Instead
of those soft scenes of woods and waterfalls he is in general so fond of representing, he has
chosen for his subject Virgil ushering Dante into the regions of eternal punishment, amidst
the ruins of flaming edifices that glare across the infernal waters. These mournful towers
harbour innumerable shapes, all busy in preying upon the damned.  One capital devil, in the
form of an enormous lobster, seems very strenuously employed in mumbling a miserable mortal,
who sprawls, though in vain, to escape from his claws.  This performance, whimsical as it is,
retains all that softness of tint and delicacy of pencil for which Polemburg is so renowned.

Had not the subject so palpably contradicted the execution as to become remarkable, I should
have passed it over, like a thousand more, and brought you immediately to the Tribune.  I dare
say our sensations were similar on entering this apartment.  Need I say I was enchanted the
moment I set my feet within it, and saw full before me the Venus de Medicis?  The warm ivory
hue of the original marble is a beauty no copy has ever imitated, and the softness of the limbs
exceeded the liveliest idea I had formed to myself of their perfection.

Their symmetry every artist is acquainted with; but do you recollect a faint ruddy cast in
the hair, which admirably relieves the whiteness of the forehead?  This circumstance, though
perhaps accidental, struck me as peculiarly charming; it increased the illusion, and helped
me to imagine I beheld a breathing divinity.

When I had taken my eyes reluctantly from this beautiful object, I cast them upon a Morpheus
of white marble, which lies slumbering at the feet of the goddess in the form of a graceful
child.  A dormant lion serves him for a pillow:  two ample wings, carved with the utmost delicacy,
are gathered under him; two others, budding from his temples, half concealed by a flow of lovely
ringlets.  His languid hands scarce hold a bunch of poppies:  near him creeps a lizard, just
yielding to his influence.  Nothing can be more just than the expression of sleep in the countenance
of the little divinity.  His lion too seems perfectly lulled, and rests his muzzle upon his
fore- paws as quiet as a domestic mastiff.  I contemplated the god with infinite satisfaction,
till I felt an agreeable sleepiness steal over my senses, and should have liked very well to
doze away a few hours by his side.  My ill-humour at seeing this deity so grossly sculptured
in the gallery, was dissipated by the gracefulness of his appearance in the Tribune.
