The bars of the dungeon windows came upon a level with the ground, like those of a cellar.

"Father!" murmured Catherine.

"Oh, Kate!" was the response, followed immediately by the sound of violent crying, and Catherine knew her father was there. "Oh, Kate! if I--I had but l-listened to you!" sobbed the poor fellow; for, now that the discovery was too late to avail him, he felt perfectly sure of his daughter's superior intelligence. Then, with much sobbing, he recounted all the particulars of his interview with the baron. "Can't you do something to get your poor old father out?" continued he.

Kate was thoughtful for a moment. "I'll try, father," said she, at length; and, bidding him a hasty adieu, she hurried off. She ran, without stopping, to where the little cottage stood in the forest; but, as you have already probably guessed, the old man was the Kaboutermanneken, his day's visit was over, and he had descended once more into the obscurity of the earth; consequently Catherine, much to her perplexity, could not discover the little cottage. After vainly seeking for some time, she at length saw the hopelessness of her task, and wended her way sorrowfully homeward. She lay awake nearly all night, vainly cudgeling her brains for some plan by which to deliver her father from his confinement. At length an idea occurred to her, and, smiling to herself, she turned on her pillow and fell asleep until the sun shining in her eyes awakened her. Then, arising, she donned her best frock and neatest cap, and proceeded to the Castle Dunderhead. She was directly presented to the baron.

"My lord!" said she, falling upon her knees.

"Well, my pretty damsel," said he; for Kate looked very sweet in her saucy cap.

"My lord," continued she, and the tears rose to her eyes as she spoke; "you have my father in custody."

"Ha!" exclaimed the baron, frowning,--"Peter Kurtz?"

"Yes, my lord."

"Bring forth Peter Kurtz!" cried the baron to the guard, and soon Peter made his appearance, crying like a good fellow. "Now that I have you confronted with each other," continued the baron, "where did your father get that cup?"

"He did not get it, my lord; an old man in the forest gave it to me," answered Catherine.

"Humph!" grunted the baron. "Your father has taught you prettily."

"My lord," resumed Catherine, "I came to buy my father's liberty."

"Ha!" cried the baron, eagerly, "have you brought the saucer?"

"No, my lord." The baron's countenance fell. "But, if you release my father, we have a goose at home that I will give you, and every egg it will lay for you shall be of pure gold." The baron's countenance lifted again. "This, my lord, I offer you."

Peter's eyes had been opening in wide astonishment as Kate proceeded.

"Why, Kate," exclaimed he, "I don't know about----"

"Be quiet, father!" said Catherine.

The baron thought Peter's exclamation arose from his regret at parting with such a treasure; so his eagerness arose in proportion.

"Can you swear to the truth of this?" asked the baron.

"I can!" said Kate, firmly.

Peter could contain himself no longer.

"Why, Kate! how can you----"

"Be quiet, father!" interrupted Catherine, again.

"He shall have his freedom," cried the baron, eagerly, "and the cup to boot."

"We do not want the cup, my lord," answered wise Catherine.

"Yes, but we do!" cried Peter; for, as the prospect of his pardon increased, respect for his daughter's wisdom diminished in direct ratio.

"You shall have it!" cried the baron; "release him, guards!"

"One thing more," said Catherine; "a proclamation must be issued stating that you will never arrest my father again in connection with this affair."

"It shall be done!" said the baron; upon which he dismissed them both with the golden cup, which Peter had accepted in spite of his daughter's protestations.

That same afternoon the proclamation was issued, and Catherine carried a large gray goose to Castle Dunderhead.

"Father," said she, when she returned, "since you have accepted the golden cup, you must leave this place, for the baron will always look enviously upon you. Had you left it with him he would have paid no more attention to you, but now it is different."

"Why so?" said Peter; "hasn't the baron given his promise that he will never arrest me or mine again? And about that goose----"

"Never mind the goose, father," interrupted Kate. "I say again that every egg the goose lays shall be of pure gold."
