The windows of the dungeon had bars at ground level, like a cellar.

"Father!" Catherine muttered.

"Oh, Kate!" a voice responded, followed by hysterical sobs.  Catherine knew it was her father.  "Oh, Kate!  If ... if I had just l-listened to you!" he sobbed.  Still crying, he told her of all the details in his interview with the baron.  "Couldn't you do anything to get your poor, dear old father out of prison?" he pleaded.

Catherine thought for a moment.  "I'll try, father," she replied.  She quickly said goodbye and hurried off.  She ran, not stopping the whole way, to where she remembered the forest cottage stood.  However, the little old man was a Kaboutermanneken, and his visit for the day was finished.  He had descended back into the earth.  Catherine was perplexed.  Why couldn't she find the cottage again?  She sought it in vain for some time, but finally went home, her hopes dashed.  She couldn't sleep that night, struggling to figure out a way to free her father.  Finally, she had an idea.  She smiled, turned on her pillow, and fell asleep until the sun shone through her window.  She donned her best frock and neatest cap and headed to Castle Dunderhead.  She was immediately taken to the Baron.

"My lord!" she said, falling to her knees.

"Well, fair damsel," he said, admiring her appearance.  

"My lord," she said, tears coming to her eyes, "you have imprisoned my father!"

"Ha!" the baron laughed, a frown spreading on his face.  "Peter Kurtz?"

"Yes, my lord."

"Bring Peter Kurtz to me!" the baron barked at the guard.  A crying Peter was soon brought into the room and presented to him.  "Now that I have both of you here, perhaps you can tell me where your father got that cup?"

"He was not the one who got it," Catherine replied, wide-eyed.  "An old man in the forest gave it to me."

The baron grunted.  "Your father has taught you well," he growled.

"My lord," Catherine interjected, "I came to buy my father's freedom."

The baron laughed.  "Have you brought the saucer?"

"No, my lord."  She took note of his frown and continued quickly.  "But if you free my father, I can bring you a goose from my home.  We have a goose that can lay eggs of gold.  I hope you will take this instead."

The baron's frown turned into a smile, but Peter interrupted.

"Kate," he said, "I don't know about--"

"Quiet!" Catherine snapped at her father.  

The baron, assuming that Peter was reluctant to part with such a treasure, became even more eager to learn more of this goose.

"Do you swear that you have told the truth?" he asked of Catherine.

"I do," she replied.

Peter became irate.  "How could you do this?" he shouted at his daughter.

"Quiet!" she repeated sternly.

"He can be free," the baron exclaimed gleefully.  "And he can take the cup as well!"

"We do not need the cup, my lord," Catherine replied quickly. 

"Yes we do!" Peter cried, wondering what was wrong with his daughter and why she was being so stupid.

"You may have it!" the baron replied.  "Guards, release him!"

"Another thing," Catherine said suddenly.  "You must promise in writing to never arrest my father again in connection with this affair."

"Of course!  It shall be so!" the baron said.  He dismissed them both after bestowing the golden cup upon Peter, despite Catherine's protestations.

That same afternoon. the proclamation came and Catherine took the plump, gray goose to Castle Dunderhead.

"Father," she said when she returned home, "because you took the golden cup, you must leave here.  The baron will always look enviously upon you.  If you had left it, he would have never paid attention to you."

"Why is that?" Peter asked.  "Didn't he give a promise that he would never arrest me again?  And about that goose--"

"Never mind the goose," Catherine interrupted.  "Every egg that goose lays shall be of pure gold."
