The change, however it has been proposed, and we will not consider reducing. The regime of Sir Robert Peel is reduced to a few points, we now proceed to review point by point. First - Let him regard with a view to its nature, secondly, as to its necessity in the current circumstances. 

The Premier states that it is a big change. We admit that in its entirety. As it contains within it a provision that after three years the agricultural industry in this country were left without any protection at all, and in the meantime, the mode of protection not only can be changed, but small necessarily a prodigious change. It is one that is estimated to affect agriculture directly and indirectly household consumption of manufactured goods; to reduce the price of bread in this country - otherwise it is useless to change - the introduction of foreign grain, and therefore reduce the gains of at least one of three classes, the owner, tenant or worker , classes that consume most of our manufacturing. So far it is clearly adverse to agricultural interests, and I can not understand exactly how a measure can be both favorable and unfavorable to a particular party - the producer of corn can be benefited from the depreciation of the article raises unless, indeed, the reduction in the price of food consumed himself to be taken as an equivalent. Most likely this is what is meant. If so, who participates in the nature of a principle, and should be used in other cases. Apply to the manufacturer; say that by reducing the cost of cotton garments half, will be amply compensated for in that case, their shirts will cost only half of current prices, and his wife and children may be sumptuously dressed for a fraction . His immediate response would be: "No way. I a fabrication not for me but for others. Try a large scale. I can provide a thousand clients, and the benefits that derive from that is infinitely greater than the savings could effect the reduced price of the items that I eat at home. "The first view is clearly untenable. We thus conclude in any case, some direct losses, according to the operation of the new regime, they fall on the agricultural classes, and is of some importance to know how this loss is to be supplied. To take the opening statement of Sir Robert Peel as we find it, and tells us that both classes, farmers and manufacturers, are "to make sacrifices." Now, these three words is the germ of a more important consideration - even more important - who would gladly have told us before we go any further. Because, according to our ideas of words, a sacrifice that involves a loss, which, except in the case of deliberate destruction, a gain for a third party. Let us therefore try to discover who is the winner. Is the state - that is, revenues from the UK? No - most clearly not, because while on one hand, the rights of maize have been abolished, on the other hand, the rate is relaxed. Is the sacrifice of being a mutual one - ie the farmer is compensated by cheaper house manufacturing, and the manufacturer to be compensated by cheaper homegrown bread? n - the benefit to any kind of springs that source. The rights on the one hand, must be abolished, and relaxed on the other side, so that the farmer can get cheap foreign manufactures, and manufacturer cheap foreign grain. If you have to be a sacrifice to both parties, as was clearly stated, simply amount to this, that the exchange between the classes in your home will close, and opened foreign markets as the major sources of supply. 

Having taken the case of "mutual sacrifices" so far, is one of our readers who do not see an absurd range in an attempt to imply that compensation is given to the worker? This measure, if it has any meaning, it fits with the view to benefit the interests of producers, of course, at the expense of another. total suppression of the rights of protection in this country should lower the price of corn, and that is the lesser of the evils we anticipate - to an evil that is, whether the effect of which is to reduce the wages of workers - and should also tend to pull farmland. But what the relaxation of the fee do?
