
The change, however has been proposed, and we shall not shrink from considering it. The scheme
of Sir Robert Peel is reducible to a few points, which we shall now proceed to review seriatim.
First--let us regard it with a view to its nature; secondly, as to its necessity under existing
circumstances.

The Premier states, that this is a great change. We admit that fully. A measure which contains
within itself a provision, that at the end of three years agricultural industry within this
country shall be left without any protection at all, and that, in the interim, the mode of
protection shall not only be altered but reduced, is necessarily a prodigious change. It is
one which is calculated to affect agriculture directly, and home consumption of manufactures
indirectly; to reduce the price of bread in this country--otherwise it is a useless change--by
the introduction of foreign grain, and therefore to lower the profits of one at least of three
classes, the landlord, the tenant, or the labourer, which classes consume the greater part
of our manufactures. So far it is distinctly adverse to the agricultural interest, for we cannot
exactly understand how a measure can be at once favourable and unfavourable to a particular
party--how the producer of corn can be benefited by the depreciation of the article which he
raises, unless, indeed, the reduction of the price of the food which he consumes himself be
taken as an equivalent. Very likely this is what is meant. If so, it partakes of the nature
of a principle, and must hold good in other instances. Apply it to the manufacturer; tell him
that, by reducing the cost of his cottons one-half, he will be amply compensated, because in
that event his shirts will cost him only a half of the present prices, and his wife and children
can be sumptuously clothed for a moiety. His immediate answer would be this: "By no means.
I an manufacturing not for myself but for others. I deal on a large scale. I supply a thousand
customers; and the profit I derive from that is infinitely greater than the saving I could
effect by the reduced price of the articles which I must consume at home." The first view is
clearly untenable. We may, therefore, conclude at all events that some direct loss must, under
the operation of the new scheme, fall upon the agricultural classes; and it is of some moment
to know how this loss is to be supplied. For we take the opening statement of Sir Robert Peel
as we find it; and he tells us that both classes, the agriculturists and the manufacturers,
are "to make sacrifices." Now, in these three words lies the germ of a most important--nay
paramount--consideration, which we would fain have explained to us before we go any further.
For, according to our ideas of words, a sacrifice means a loss, which, except in the case of
deliberate destruction, implies a corresponding gain to a third party. Let us, then, try to
discover who is to be the gainer. Is it the state--that is, the British public revenue? No--most
distinctly not; for while, on the one side, the corn duties are abolished, on the other the
tariff is relaxed. Is the sacrifice to be a mutual one--that is, is the agriculturist to be
compensated by cheaper home manufactures, and the manufacturer to be compensated by cheaper
home-grown bread? No--the benefit to either class springs from no such source. The duties on
the one side are to be abolished, and on the other side relaxed, in order that the agriculturist
may get cheap foreign manufactures, and the manufacturer cheap foreign grain. If there is to
be a sacrifice upon both sides, as was most clearly enunciated, it must just amount to this,
that the interchange between the classes at home is to be closed, and the foreign markets opened
as the great sources of supply.

Having brought the case of the "mutual sacrifices" thus far, is there one of our readers who
does not see a rank absurdity in the attempt to insinuate that a compensation is given to the
labourer? This measure, if it has meaning at all, is framed with the view of benefiting the
manufacturing interest, of course at the expense of the other. Total abolition of protective
duties in this country must lower the price of corn, and that is the smallest of the evils
we anticipate;--for an evil it is, if the effect of it be to reduce the labourer's wages--and
it must also tend to throw land out of cultivation. But what will the relaxation of the tariff
do?
