The change, however has been proposed and we shall not shrink from considering it. The scheme of Sir Robert Peel is reducible to a few poionts which we shall now proceed to review seriatim. First-let us regard it with a view to its nature,secondly,as to its necessity under existing circumststances.
The Premier states, that this is a great change. We admit that fully. A measurew which contains within itself a provision, that at the end of three years agricultural industry within this country shall be left without any protection at all, and that, in the interim, the mode of protection shall not only the altered but reduced, is necessary a prodigious change. It is one which calculated to affect agriculture directly, and more consumption of manufactures indirectly, to reduce the price of brand in this country-otherwiseit is a useless change-by the introduction of foreign grain, and therefore to lower the profits of one atleast of three classes, the landlord, the tenane,or the labourer, which classes consume the greater part of our manufactures. So fat it is distingly adverse to thr agricultural interest, for we cannot exactly understand how a measure can be at once favourable and unfavourable to a particular party-how the producer of com can be benefited by the depriciation of the article which he raises, indeed, the reduction of the price of the food which he consumes,himself he taken as an equivalent. Very likely this is what is meant,it so, it parkless of the nature of a principle, and must hold good in other instances. Apply it to the manufacturer, tell him that,by reducing the cost of the cottons one-half, he will be amply compensated, because in the event his shirts will cost him only a half of the present prises,and his wifw and children can be sumptuosly clothed for a moiety. His immediate answer would be this "By no means. I am manufacturing not fore myself but for others. I deal on a large scale. I supply a thousand customers, and the profit I derive from that is infinitely greater than the saving I could effect by the reduced price of the articles which I must consume at home," The first view is clearly untenable. we may, therefore, conclude at all events that some direct loss must, under the operation of the new scheme, fall upon the agricultural classes, and it is of some moment to know how this loss is to be supplied. For we take the opening ststement of Sir Robert Peel as we find it, and he tells us that both classes, the agriculturalists and the manufacturers, are "To make sacrifices." Now, in these three words lies the germ of a most important-nay paramount-consideration, whichwe could fain have explained to us before we go to any further.For,according to our ideas of words,a sacrifice means alost, which except in the case of deliberate destruction,implies a corresponding gain to a third party. Let us, then, try to discover who is to be the gainer. is it the state-that is, the British Public revenue? No-most distinctly not, for while,on the one side, the com duties are abolished,on thr other the tariff is relaxed. is the sacrifice to be a manual one-that is, is the agriculturalist to be compensated cheaper home manufactures, and the manufacturer to be compensated by cheaper home-grown bread? No-the benefit to either class springs no such source. The on the one side are to be abolished,and on the other side relaxed, in ordeer that the agriculturalist may get cheap manufactures, and the manufacturer cheap foriegn grain. If there is to be a sacrifice upon both sides,as was most clearly enunciated, it must just amount to this, that the interechange between the classes at home is to be closed, and the foriegn markets opened as thr great sources of supply.

Having brought case of the "mutual sacrifices"thus far,is there one of our readers who does not see a rank absurdity in the attempt to insinuate that a compensation is given to the labourer? This measure,if it has meaning at all,is framed with the view of benefiting the manufacturing interest,of course at the expense of hte other. Total abolition of protective duties in this country must lower the price of com,and that is the smallest of the evils we anticipate,-for an evil it is,if the effect of it be to reduce the labourer'swages-and it must also tend to throw land out of cultivation. But what will the relaxation of the tariff do?
