However the change is proposed, it will be considered. Few points of, Sir Robert Peel is considered; now we shall proceed for review of seriatim. Here let us regard them with a view to its nature; as to its necessity existing circumstances. 
We agree to that, The Premier states that have had great changes. A produces a measure, which maintains within itself a provision, that within three years agricultural industry shall be left without any safety at all, that in the interim mode of protection will not changed, but reduced, as prodigious change. Here, the calculated point to affect, agriculture directly and home consumption of manufactures indirectly; decrease the price of bread, which is a un necessary change, we shall introduce foreign grains, henceforth to reduce the profits of one the three category’s, the landlord, the tenant, or the laborers, manufactures considers, which categories of these has been consumed, with greater part of their production. It’s distinctly adverse to the fact that the agricultural interest, which we cannot understand to a measure, can be at once critical and disadvantageous to a particular party. How the corn produced can be profited by the reduction of the value to the article, which they raise, unless the reduction of the prices of food is consumed by them is taken as an equivalent. Possibly this is what here means. Then only, it refines the nature of the principle, and which holds good to many instances. Applied to the manufacturers; gets informed that, by deducting the cost of his cottons one-half, they will be exactly compensated, because in this event, the shirts will cost him, a half of the available prices, and his family is for the purpose of restraining luxury or extravagance. His followed with immediate answer: "By no means. Manufacturing is not for me but to others. We deal on a higher scale. To supply around thousand customers; achieve the profit I derive from them is infinitely greater then the saving. The company could affect, the reducing price, which should be consumed at home." The first point is purely untenable. Therefore, conclusion is, all events that some direct loss possibly be under the operation of the new scheme, command upon the agricultural classes; due to this some moment to know how these losses has to be supplied. For the opening statement of Sir Robert Peel shall be considered as we find it; here he informs us that in both the classes, the agriculturists and the manufacturers have to sacrifices. Now, these three words prove to be the germ of a utter importance--nay paramount—consideration to which we would part have explained, before we go any further. According to our ideas on words, a loss is to sacrifice, which is exceptional in this case of deliberate destruction, means, a corresponding gain to a third party. Then, here we shall try to discover who the gainer will be. Will it be the state, the British public revenue? Distinctly No; for a while, on one side, the corn taxes are abolished, on the other half the tariff is relaxed. The sacrifice is a mutual one--that is, as the agriculturist is compensated by cheaper home manufactures, and the manufacturer to be compensated by cheaper home-grown bread? No, here the benefit is to either class, which springs from no such source. The duties on one side are abolished, on the half relaxed, in other words, the agriculturist will get cheap foreign manufactures, and the manufacturer gets cheap foreign grain. As said, If there has to be a sacrifice upon both sides, as most clearly mentioned earlier, it just counts to this, the interchange between the classes at home is to be closed, and the foreign markets opened for the great sources of supply. 
Having brought the case of "mutual sacrifices" so far, there is one of our members, who do not see a rank absurdity, in the attempt to initiate, that the compensation is given to the laborer? This count has a meaning; it is framed with a view of profiting the manufacturing interest, with reference to the expenses to others. Total abolition of protective duties within the country must, reduce the price of corn and these are the smallest of the evils we anticipate; for an evil it is, the effect of it will be to reduce the laborer’s wages then it must also reflect to throw land out of cultivation. But will this effect the relaxation of the tariffs?
