The misery of those years was not,  however, unrelieved;
for he had been able, on the breaking  up of Heloise's convent at Argenteuil, to establish
her as  head of a new religious house at the deserted Paraclete, and  in the capacity of spiritual
director he often was called to  revisit the spot thus made doubly dear to him.  All this time
Heloise had lived amid universal esteem for her knowledge and  character, uttering no word
under the doom that had fallen upon  her youth; hut now, at last, the occasion came for expressing
all the pent-up emotions of her soul.  Living on for some time  apart (we do not know exactly
where), after his flight from St  Gildas, Abelard wrote, among other things, his famous Historia
Calamitatum, and thus moved her to peu her first Letter,  which remains an unsurpassed utterance
of human passion and  womanly devotion; the first being followed by the two other  Letters,
in which she finally accepted the part of resignation  which, now as a brother to a sister,
Abelard commended to  her.  He not long after was seen once more upon the field  of his early
triumphs lecturing on Mount St Genevieve in  1136 (when he was heard by John of Salisbury),
but it was  only for a brief space: no new triumph, but a last great  trial, awaited him in
the few years to come of his chequered  life.  As far back as the Paraclete days, he had counted
as chief among his foes Bernard of Clairvaux, in whom was  incarnated the principle of fervent
and unhesitating faith,  from which rational inquiry like his was sheer revolt, and  now this
uncompromising spirit was moving, at the instance of  others, to crush the growing evil in
the person of the boldest  offender.  After preliminary negotiations, in which Bernard  was
roused by Abelard's steadfastness to put forth all his  strength, a council met at Sens (1141),
before which Abelard,  formally arraigned upon a number of heretical charges, was  prepared
to plead his cause.  When, however, Bernard, not without  foregone terror in the prospect of
meeting the redoubtable  dialectician, had opened the case, suddenlly Abelard appealed to 
Rome.  The stroke availed him nothing; for Bernard, who had  power, notwithstanding, to get
a condemnation passed at the  council, did not rest a moment till a second condemnation was
procured at Rome in the following year.  Meanwhile, on his way  thither to urge his plea in
person, Abelard had broken down  at the abbey of Cluny, and there, an utterly fallen man, with
spirit of the humblest, and only not bereft of his intellectual  force, he lingered but a few
months before the approach of  death.  Removed by friendly hands, for the relief of his  sufferings,
to the priory of St Marcel, near Chalon-sur-Saone,  he died on the 21st of April 1142.  First
buried at St Marcel,  his remains soon after were carried off in secrecy to the  Paraclete,
and given over to the loving care of Heloise, who  in time came herself to rest beside them
(1164).  The bones  of the pair were shifted more than once afterwards, but they  were marvellously
preserved even through the vicissitudes  of the French Revolution, and now they lie united
in the  well-known tomb in the cemetery of Pere-la-Chaise at Paris. 

Great as was the influence exerted by Abelard on the minds of  his contemporaries and the course
of medieval thought, he has  been little known in modern times but for his connexion with 
Heloise.  Indeed, it was not till the 19th century, when Cousin  in 1836 issued the collection
entitled Ouvrages inedits  d'Abelard, that his philosophical performance could be judged  at
first hand; of his strictly philosophical works only one,  the ethical treatise Scito te ipsum,
having been published  earlier, namely, in 1721.  Cousin's collection, besides giving  extracts
from the theological work Sic et Non (an assemblage  of opposite opinions on doctrinal points,
culled from the  Fathers as a basis for discussion, the main interest in which  lles in the
fact that there is no attempt to reconcile the  different opinions), includes the Dialectica,
commentaries  on logical works of Aristotle, Porphyry and Boothius, and a  fragment, De Generibus
et Speciebus.  The last-named  work, and also the psychological treatise De Inteilectibus,
published apart by Cousin (in Fragmens Philosophiques,  vol. ii.), are now considered upon
internal evidence not to  be hy Abelard himself, but only to have sprung out of his  school.
