The sadness of those times was not without relief, however. He was able, when Heloise's convent at Argenteuil broke up, to have her placed in charge of a newly created religious house at Parcelete - and as a spiritual director he could return to the place that was dear to him.

Heloise was held in high esteem because of her intellect and charisma, and never mentioned the tradegy that had befallen her in youth. Now, however, it became appropriate to communicate her tormented emotions. Abelard had written "Historia Calamitalum" whilst apart, and this had moved her to begin writing of her passions and her devotion, and ultimately of her resignation to the role of a sister to a brother. Soon after in 1136, Abelard was once again ecturing at Mount St. Genevieve, as related by John of Salisbury. This did not last long, and did not repeat his early triumphs. He found himself in difficulty one more time in the subsequent years. Back during his days at Parcelete, he had made an emeny of Bernard of Clairvaux whose unquestioning faith conflicted with Abelard's spirit of rationality, and now Bernard sought to destory this growing evil personally.

Initial talks between Abelard and Bernard drove the latter even harder. When a council met at Sens (1141), Abelard was arraigned upon a number of heretical charges, and was prepared to plead his cause. He appealed to Rome, but this availed him of no beneift, as Bernard was able to not only get a condemnation from the council, but also one from Rome a year later. Furthermore, on his way to make his plea in person, Abelard had collapsed at the Abbey of Cluny, and lingered there a broken man, for a few months before his death on the 21st of April 1142. His remains were secretly carried off to Paraclete, and left in the loving care of Heloise who later (1164) came to rest beside them.

The pair's bones were moved once again after they were buried, but after that were incredibly well preserved even through the chaos of the French Revolution, and they are now located in the cemetary of Pere-la-Chaise at Paris.

The first of Abelard's philosophical works, the ethical trestise, Scito te ipsum, was published in 1721, but it was not till the 19th century, when Cousin in 1836 issued the collection entitled Ouvrages inedits d'Abelard, that his philosophical performance could be judged at first hand. This work also includes the commentaries on logical works of Aristotle, Porphyry and Boothius, Dialectica, extracts from the theological work Sic et Non (an compilation of conflicting opinions on issues of doctrine, culled from the Fathers as a basis for discussion, of interest because of the fact that there is no attempt to reconcile the different opinions), and a fragment of De Generibus et Speciebus. That fragment, along with the psychological treatise De Inteilectibus, are considered upon internal evidence not to be by Abelard himself, but only to have originated from his school.
