
Mechanically the General read the letter, and then kissing the locket passionately: "I knew,
I felt that Madeline was true!" he said, and then bending over Gauthier, he continued: "How
did you recognise me, though?"

"I heard them call you by your name."

"That was why you would not fire?"

"Yes. A son could not kill his father, even though he be his enemy."

"But you allowed a father to kill his son?"

"I could not help it. It was fate."

"No, no, my son! You shall not die! You must live!"

"God wills otherwise, father. Farewell! I have only seen you for a minute, but I am satisfied."

Gauthier made a great effort to get up, smiled at the Prince, and then fell back dead.

"My boy, my boy!" exclaimed the Prince, in desperation, stooping over the dead body of his
son. "Dead, dead, and killed by me, his father! And this is the work of our Czar! Oh, cruel fate!"

The General remained some minutes kneeling by the side of his son in mute despair, and then
for the last time he sprang on to his horse and rushed into the thickest of the fray.

"Prince! Prince! what are you doing there?" exclaimed a French officer at his side.

"I am seeking death! I have killed my son, and I will not survive him----"

He had scarcely finished when a ball struck him and he fell down dead.

"Who can say there is no Providence! The father has not waited long to join his son," exclaimed
the French officer, as he rushed on at the head of his men.

For some time the result of the combat seemed uncertain, but at last the French won the day,
and the Russians had to take refuge in Sebastopol.

       *       *       *       *       *

When Marshal Canrobert went over the battlefield, he asked where the young officer was who
belonged to the Foreign Legion, and who had fought so bravely.

"He fell by the retrenchments," was the reply.

The Commander-in-Chief rode over to the spot named and ordered the surgeon to examine the young
officer who was lying on the ground. It was, however, too late.

"There was another officer of the same Legion whom I saw fall there, to the left," said the
Marshal.

The young officer was brought and was told that his friend was dead.

"It is a pity," he said to the Marshal, "for you have lost a true soldier."

"What was his name?"

"Nicolas Gauthier."

"And yours?"

"Félix Saussier."

The Commander-in-Chief ordered the army to fall into rank, and then as they presented arms
he took the Cross of the Legion of Honour which he was wearing himself and placed it on Lieutenant
Saussier's breast.

"Wear it proudly," he said; "it is the recompense that France accords to her bravest sons,
and you well deserve it."

Then taking another Cross from one of the officers who belonged to the État Major, he placed
it on the body of Gauthier. "You, too, have well earned it," he said, "and shall take it with
you to your grave."

The troops filed off, after passing in front of the two officers, the one wounded and the other
dead. Marshal Canrobert himself raised his sword and saluted the two heroes (the one, alas!
had died too soon, and the other was destined to become one of the bravest Generals of France),
and then passed on deeply moved, but satisfied with the victory, and ignorant of the drama
which had taken place so near to him.

From Behind the Speaker's Chair.

VI.

(VIEWED BY HENRY W. LUCY.)

[Sidenote: SIR WILLIAM HARCOURT.]

Sir William Harcourt has been so long a familiar figure in the House of Commons, and has established
so high a reputation, that it seems odd to speak of him as one of the successes of the new
Session. But the phrase accurately describes his position. Circumstances connected with the
personality of the Premier have given him opportunity to show what potentialities as Leader
of the House modestly lurk behind his massive figure, and the result has been eminently satisfactory
to his party and his friends. Sir William's early reputation was made as a brilliant swordsman
of debate, most effective in attack. The very qualities that go to make success in that direction
might lead to utter failure on the part of a Leader of the House.

If one sought for a word that would describe the leading characteristics of Sir William Harcourt
in Parliament it would be found in the style aggressive. Perhaps the most fatal thing a Leader
of the House of Commons could do would be to develop aggressiveness. The Leader must be a strong
man--should be the strongest man on his side of the House.
