Without thinking, first the General went through the letter and then passionately kissed the locket.  And in a smooth manner he said, “I knew, and I understand that Madeline was true”.  Then bended over Gauthier and again he said “"How did you recognize me, though?" 
Their parlance was as follows:

"I heard them call you by your name."
"That was why you would not fire?" 
"Yes. A son could not kill his father, even though they are having any kind of bitter incidents and treating them mutually as enemies.  
"But you allowed a father to kill his son?" 
No that is not correct. Actually I did not help him.  It was all fate only.  
"No. No my son! You shall not die! You must live!" 
"No father, God’s decision is entirely different.  No you farewell me. I am going to see you only for another minute.  But I am satisfied." 
Gauthier made a great effort to make him to get up.  But he just smiled at the Prince and then simply fell back dead. 
"My boy, my boy!" the Prince shouted, cried and exclaimed to a great extent. Bent down over his son’s dead body and exclaimed in panic as "Dead, dead, and killed by me”. And this is the work of our Czar! Oh, what a cruel fate!" 
The General remained some minutes in silence and he was kneeling by the side of his son.  Then following, at last, he jumped on to his horse and rushed to fight in the battle. 
"Prince! Prince! What are you doing there?" a French Officer exclaimed and shouted at his side. . 
"I am seeking death! I have killed my son, I am not going to live further yes, and I will not survive him.  So I am seeking death. He said. 
Then in a minute, suddenly he had scarcely finished when a ball struck him. Then he immediately fell down and embraced his death. 
Now the French officer who was at his side exclaimed that “Who can say there is no destiny? As a father, when he has become as a reason for his beloved son’s demise, he, as a father immediately and voluntarily invited his death. And he has not waited for a long time to join his son”.  And he rushed on at the head of his men. 
In history, sometimes, the fate or result of the battle will be changed in to uncertain scenes. But at last, the French won the day and by the bye, the Russians had to take refuge in Sebastopol. 
* * * * * 
When Marshal Canrobert went over the battlefield, immediately he asked about the young officer and he asked where the young officer was, who belonged to the Foreign Legion and who had fought so bravely. 
The reply was something different by other soldiers.  They unanimously said that "He fell by the retrenchments”. 
Then the Commander-in-Chief went immediately over to the spot named.  He ordered the surgeon to examine the young officer who was lying on the ground.  But in fact it was, however, it has become too late.  
There was another officer of the same Legion replied to the Marshall that as he has seen before little duration, “he was lying there”.
The young officer was brought and was told that his friend was dead. 
"It is a pity," he said to the Marshal, also he said truthfully as “you have lost a true soldier”. 
"What was his name?" 
"Nicolas Gauthier." 
"What is your name?" 
"Félix Saussier." 
The Commander-in-Chief now ordered the army to fall into grade.  Then when they presented arms, he took the Cross of the Legion of Honor.  Such cross of the Legion of Honor was wearing by him and it was placed on Lieutenant Saussier's breast. 
He gain said "Wear it proudly." The he continued “it is the reward and this is France’s settlement to her bravest sons and for all of you who deserve well for this reward.  
Then by taking another Cross from one of the officers who belonged to the État Major, and he placed it again on the body of Gauthier. Then he said you also deserving well for this kind of honor and you will be buried in your grave with this honor. 
Then the troops filed off.  They started to pass in front of the two officers that are out of them, the one was wounded and the other was dead. Marshal Canrobert himself raised his sword and saluted the two heroes. Out of these two one was died too soon and another one was according to his fate welcomed his death and he was one of the bravest Generals in French force. Then he passed from that place with deepest mourning and he moved from there with more satisfaction of the victory.  But as an ignorant of the drama, something new scene had taken place so near to him.  
From Behind the Speaker's Chair. 
VI. 
(Viewed by Henry w. Lucy.) 
[Side Note: Sir William Harcourt] 
Sir William Harcourt has been considered as a so long familiar figure in the House of Commons.  He was living with greatest reputation in all aspects. Such kind of reputations has become possible to him due to his one of the matchless successes of the new session.  If you want to be described accurately you can know that thing by reading phrase. Some positive circumstances related with the personality of the prime minister have given valuable chances to prove his amazing potentialities as leader of the House gallantly. Also he himself proved as he is a massive figure.  Finally as a result, he has become more satisfied and he has become unavoidable eminent figure to his party and his friends. Sir William's early reputation was completely made only as a brilliant swordsman of contest and especially due to his highly strategically plan and most effective styles in attack. But as a matter of fact, even though such qualities rendered him a great kind of reputation and continuous success in one direction, the same kind of his activities took retaliation against him in a negative way especially in the part of a leader of the House. All same type of and style of activities of Sir William Harcourt I in the part of a leader of the Parliament House had been negatively described in the name or word called “aggressive”.  Due to his sudden and huge aggressive decisions and its related activities, as a Leader of the House of Commons he cultivated more aggressiveness in each and every aspect. In fact, for positive results, the leader must be a strong man and also he has to be the strongest man on his side of the house. But he should not be so aggressive and with aggressiveness.
