It is her business to insist that through worship
all this can be accomplished. But can worship be taught? Is not the devotee, like the poet
or the lover or any other genius, born and not made? Well, whether it can be taught or not,
it at least can be cultivated and developed, and there are three very practical ways in which
this cultivation can be brought about.

One of them is by paying intelligent attention to the physical surroundings of the worshiper.
The assembly room for worship obviously should not be used for other purposes; all its suggestions
and associations should be of one sort and that sort the highest. Quite aside from the question
of taste, it is psychologically indefensible to use the same building, and especially the same
room in the building, for concerts, for picture shows, for worship. Here we at once create
a distracted consciousness; we dissipate attention; we deliberately make it harder for men
and women to focus upon one, and that the most difficult, if the most precious, mood.

For the same reason, the physical form of the room should be one that does not suggest either
the concert hall or the playhouse, but suggests rather a long and unbroken ecclesiastical tradition.
Until the cinema was introduced into worship, we were vastly improving in these respects, but
now we are turning the morning temple into an evening showhouse. I think we evince a most impertinent
familiarity with the house of God! And too often the church is planned so that it has no privacies
or recesses, but a hideous publicity pervades its every part. We adorn it with stenciled frescoes
of the same patterns which we see in hotel lobbies and clubs; we hang up maps behind the reading
desk; we clutter up its platform with grand pianos.

It is a mere matter of good taste and good psychology to begin our preparation for a ministry
of worship by changing all this. There should be nothing in color or ornament which arouses
the restless mood or distracts the eye. Severe and simple walls, restrained and devout figures
in glass windows, are only to be tolerated. Descriptive windows, attempting in a most untractable
medium a sort of naïve realism, are equally an aesthetic and an ecclesiastical offense. Figures
of saints or great religious personages should be typical, impersonal, symbolic, not too much
like this world and the things of it. There is a whole school of modern window glass distinguished
by its opulence and its realism. It ought to be banished from houses of worship. Since it is
the object of worship to fix the attention upon one thing and that thing the highest, the room
where worship is held should have its own central object. It may be the Bible, idealized as
the word of God; it may be the altar on which stands the Cross of the eternal sacrifice. But
no church ought to be without one fixed point to which the eye of the body is insensibly drawn,
thereby making it easier to follow it with the attention of the mind and the wishes of the
heart. At the best, our Protestant ecclesiastical buildings are all empty! There are meeting-houses,
not temples assembly rooms, not shrines. There is apparently no sense in which we are willing
to acknowledge that the Presence is on their altar. But at least the attention of the worshiper
within them may focus around some symbol of that Presence, may be fixed on some outward sign
which will help the inward grace.

But second: our chief concern naturally must be with the content of the service of worship
itself, not with its physical surroundings. And here then are two things which may be said.
First, any formal order of worship should be historic; it should have its roots deep in the
past; whatever else is true of a service of worship it ought not to suggest that it has been
uncoupled from the rest of time and allowed to run wild. Now, this means that an order of worship,
basing itself on the devotion of the ages, will use to some extent their forms. I do not see
how anyone would wish to undertake to lead the same company of people week by week in divine
worship without availing himself of the help of written prayers, great litanies, to strengthen
and complement the spontaneous offices of devotion. There is something almost incredible to
me in the assumption that one man can, supposedly unaided, lead a congregation in the emotional
expression of its deepest life and desires without any assistance from the great sacramentaries
and liturgies of the past.
