She insists that through worship all this can be accomplished. But is it possible to teach worship? Is the devotee born or made? No matter if it caan be taught or not, it can be cultivated and developed. There are three practical ways in which this cultivation can be accomplished.

The first way is paying intelligent attention to the physical surroundings. Worship should be the only purpose of the assembly room. Its suggestions and associations should be of the highest value. Not depending on the question of taste, it is unacceptable to use the same building for picture shows, concerts and for worship. If we do this, we make it harder for men and women to focus upon one, and that the most difficut, if the most precious, mood.





The physical form of the room should not suggest either the concert hall or the playhouse, but instead should suggest a long and unbroken ecclesiastical tradition. We were vastly improving in these respects until the cinema was introduced into the worship. However, now we are turning the morning temple into an evening showhouse. I think we evince a most impertinent familiarity with the house of God! Quite often the plan of the church is so that it has no privacies or recesses, but a hideous publicity pervades its every part. We clutter up its platform with grand pianos. We hang up maps behind the reading desk. And most importantly, we adorn it with stenciled frescoes of the same patterns wich we see in hotel lobbies and clubs.

For the sake of good taste and good psychology it is imperative to begin our preparation for a ministry of worship by changing all this. There should be no color or ornament which arouses the restless mood or distracts the eye. We need to tolerate only severe and simple walls, restrained and devout figures in glass windows. Descriptive windoes are equally an aesthetic and ecclesiastical offense since they attempt in a most untractable medium a sort of naive realism. Even more, figures of saint or great religious personages should be typical, symbolic, impersonal. They should not be similar to this world and the things of it. There is a whole school of modern window glass which is distinguished by its opulence and realism. People need to banish those from houses of worship. The object of worship is to fix the attention upon on thing. Therefore, the room where the worship is held should have its own central object. It may be the Bible, which is idealized as the word of God, or it may be the altar on which stands the Cross of the eternal sacrifice. Every church should have one fixed point to which the eye of the body is insensibly drawn. It makes it easier to follow it with the attention of the mind and the wishes of the heart. The ideal thing would be that our Protestant ecclesiastical buildings be all empty! There are no temples assembly rooms or shrines. There are meeting-houses. There is no sense in which we are willing to acknowledge that the Presence is on their altar. However, at least the attention of the worshiper within them may focus around some symbol of the Presence and may be fixed on some outward sign which will help the inward grace.

Also, our chief concern naturally must be with the content of the service of worship. It should not have to do with its physical surroundings. And therefore two things need to be said furthermore. The most important is that any formal order of worship should be historic. It should have deep roots in the past. The service of worship should not suggest that it has been uncoupled from the rest of time and allowed to run wild. That is, an order of worship, that bases itself on the devotion of the ages, will use to some extent their forms. It is very difficult for everyone that wishes to undertake to lead the same company of people week by week in divine worship without availing himself of the help of written prayers, great litanies, to strengthen and complement the spontaneous offices of devotion. It seems incredible that one man can lead a congregation in the emotional expression of its deepest life and desires without any assistance from the great sacramentaries and liturgies of the past.
