But the way is clearing to change this.
Gas engines as at present, if supplied with producer gas, produced direct from coal without
leaving any coke, as is done in the Siemens, the Wilson, and the Dawson producers, will give
power at one-half the cost of steam power. They will use 7/8 of a pound of coal per horse power
per hour, instead of 1-3/4 lb., as is done in the best steam engines. The only producer that
makes gas for gas engines at present is the Dawson, and in it anthracite is used, because of
the difficulty of getting rid of the tar coming from the Siemens and Wilson producers, using
any ordinary slack.

When this difficulty has been overcome, and that it will be overcome there can be no manner
of doubt, gas engines will rapidly displace the steam engine, because a gas engine with a gas
producer, producing gas from any ordinary coal with the same ease as steam is produced from
a boiler, will be much safer, and will use one-half the fuel of the very best steam engines
for equal power. The first cost also will not be greater than that of steam. The engine itself
will be more expensive than a steam engine of equal power, but the gas producer will be less
expensive than the boiler at present. Perfect as the gas engine now is, considered as a machine
for converting heat into work, the possibility of great development is not yet exhausted. Its
economy may be increased two or even three fold; in this lies the brilliant future before it.
The steam engine is nearly as perfect as it can be made; it approaches very nearly the possibility
of its theory. Its defect does not lie in its mechanism, but in the very properties of water
and steam itself. The loss of heat which takes place in converting liquid water into gaseous
steam is so great that by far the greater portion of the heat given out by the fuel passes
away either in the condenser or the exhaust of a steam engine; but a small proportion of the
heat is converted into work.

The very best steam engines convert about 11 per cent. of the heat given them into useful work,
the remaining 89 per cent. being wasted, principally in the exhaust of the engine.

Gas engines now convert 20 per cent. of the heat given to them into work, and very probably
will, in a few years more, convert 60 per cent. into useful work. The conclusion, then, is
irresistible that, when engineers have gained greater experience with gas engines and gas producers,
they will displace steam engines entirely for every use--mills, locomotives, and ships.

       *       *       *       *       *

RAPID CONSTRUCTION OF THE CANADIAN PACIFIC RAILWAY.

By E.T. ABBOTT, Member of the Engineers' Club of Minnesota. Read December 12, 1884.

During the winter of 1881 and 1882, the contract was let to Messrs. Langdon, Sheppard & Co.,
of Minneapolis, to construct during the working season of the latter year, or prior to January
1, 1883, 500 miles of railroad on the western extension of the above company; the contract
being for the grading, bridging, track-laying, and surfacing, also including the laying of
the necessary depot sidings and their grading. The idea that any such amount of road could
be built in that country in that time was looked upon by the writer hereof, as well as by railroad
men generally, as a huge joke, perpetrated to gull the Canadians. At the time the contract
was let, the Canadian Pacific Railway was in operation to Brandon, the crossing of the Assiniboine
River, 132 miles west of Winnipeg. The track was laid, however, to a point about 50 miles west
of this, and the grading done generally in an unfinished state for thirty miles further. This
was the condition of things when the contract was entered into to build 500 miles--the east
end of the 500-mile contract being at Station 4,660 (Station being at Brandon) and extending
west to a few miles beyond the Saskatchewan River.

The spring of 1882 opened in the most unpromising manner for railroad operations, being the
wettest ever known in that country. Traffic over the St. Paul, Minneapolis & Manitoba Railroad,
between St. Paul and Winnipeg, was entirely suspended from April 15 to the 28th, owing to the
floods on the Red River at St. Vincent and Emerson, a serious blow to an early start, as on
this single track depended the transportation of all supplies, men, timber, and contractors'
plant, together with all track materials (except ties), all of these things having to come
from or through St. Paul and Minneapolis.
