But now, the way is clearing to change this. Gas power, when supplied with producer gas produced directly from coal without leaving any coke using the Siemens, Wilson and Dawson producers, will give power at half the cost of steam power. This is achieved by using 7/8 lb of coal per horse power per hour, instead of 1 3/4 lb as used by the best steam engines. At present, only the Dawson producer makes gas for gas engines and it uses anthracite, because of the difficulties disposing of the tar coming from the Siemens and Wilson producers using ordinary slack.

Once this difficulty is overcome, as it surely must, gas engines will quickly replace the steam engine because a gas engine with a gas producer will be much safer and use half the fuel of a steam engine when it is producing gas from ordinary coal with the same ease as steam is produced in a boiler. The initial cost will also be less than that of steam. Gas engines will be more expensive than a steam engine, but the gas producer will be cheaper than the boiler is at present. Even though the gas engine is perfect for converting heat into work, the possiblity of further developments cannot be discounted. The economy may be increased by two or even three times which gives the promise of a brilliant future. The steam engine is almost as good as can be made and approaches the limits of possiblities of the theory. The limitations are not in the mechanism, but in the properties of water and steam. The heat loss in converting liquid water into gaseous steam is so great that the greater proportion of the heat given out by the fuel passes away in the condenser or the exhaust, and so only a small proportion of the heat is converted to work.

Typically, the best steam engines will convert about 11% of the heat into useful work, the remaining 89% being wasted, mainly in the engine exhaust.

Currently, gas engines can convert 20% of the heat into work, and may in a few years convert 60% of that heat. The irrestistable conclusion therefore, when engineers have gained greater experience with gas engines and gas producers, is that they will replace steam engines completely for every use; mills, locomotives and ships.

Repid Construction of the Canadian Pacific Railway

By E.T. ABBOTT, Member of the Engineers' Club of Minnesota. Read December 12, 1884. 

In the winder of 1881 and 1882, Messrs, Langdon, Sheppard & Co. of Minneapolis were given the contract to construct during the working season of the latter year (or prior to January 1, 1883) 500miles of railroad on the western extension of the above company; the contract was for the grading, bridging, track-laying and surfacing and the laying of any necessary depot-sidings and gradings. It was seen as a huge joke perpetrated to gull the Canadians, both by railroad men generally and this writer, that any such amount of railroad could be built in this time. At the time of tender, the Canadian Pacific Railway was in operation in Brandon, the crossing of the Assiniboine River, 132 miles west of Winnipeg. The track was laid to a point about 50 miles west of this with another 30miles of unfinished grading. This was the state of things when the contract was entered into - the east end of the 500miles was at Station4,6600 (Station being at Brandon) and extending west to a few miles beyond the Saskatchewan River.

The spring of 1882 being the wettest ever known in that country, was a bad start for railroad operations. The flooding on the Red River at St. Vincent and Emerson meant that traffic over the St Paul, Minneapolis & Manitoba Railroad was entirely suspended between April 15th and 28th. This was a serious blow to an early start as the transportation of all supplies, men, timber and contractor's plant and track materials depended on this single track having to come or through St Paul or Minneapolis.
