After a while the enemy turned and fled; and I was glad, for they
had inflicted on the 47th a loss of fifty men in killed and wounded. However, their loss greatly
exceeded ours. The next day, when a truce prevailed for burying the dead and caring for the
wounded, I was informed by some of the Union soldiers that the name of that general was Jackson.
He was a brave man, deserving a better fate, and he fell while nobly performing what he believed
was his duty to his country.

It was the general and confident expectation that the battle would be renewed, and we were,
therefore, surprised to discover on the morning of the 15th that the enemy had during the night
recrossed to the northern side of the river. Their loss in the engagement was three times greater
than ours. Burnside made the mistake of putting forth his greatest strength where the Confederates
were strongest. If he had assailed our right as fiercely as he did our left, perhaps there
might have been a different result.

In a few days after the battle I was informed by Colonel Mayo that I was "for gallant and meritorious
conduct promoted to be First Lieutenant and Adjutant of the 47th regiment." I had not thought
of trying to make an exhibition of unusual gallantry among so many intrepid men, but, of course,
the commendation and promotion were highly gratifying.

The campaign having come to an end, Lee's army went into winter quarters at camp Gregg, so
named in honor of Brigadier-General Maxcy Gregg who was killed in the battle of Fredericksburg.
It was near Moss Neck, the large and fertile farm of Mr. Richard Corbin. The Rappahannock river
flowed between the Yankee and the Rebel armies, each picketing its own side of the stream.
By common consent there was no shooting across the river, but on the other hand there was an
occasional exchange of tobacco and coffee by means of little boats. We could hear them impudently
singing: "O soldiers, won't you meet us." We had met them on fields of carnage, and expected
to meet them again on the return of spring; but whether we should meet them "On Canaan's happy
shore," or in some less pleasing locality in the eternal world, who could say?

I distinctly remember one night when my turn came to go to the river on picket duty, and the
earth was covered with snow several inches deep. When my watch was off and the opportunity
to sleep was afforded the question was, where to lie down. I spread on the snow some boughs
that I had cut from a cedar tree and laid a gum cloth upon them. Upon this pallet I lay down
and covering myself head and all with a blanket enjoyed sweet, refreshing, and healthful sleep.
The next morning the blanket above my head was stiff-frozen with the moisture from my breath.

There was one man that should have been mentioned before this time,--a negro of my own age,
whose name was Charles Wesley. We had grown up on the farm together, and had played, and boxed,
and wrestled without respect to color. Not as a slave but as a friend he followed me to the
war,--my launderer, my cook, and when I was sick, my nurse. Having orders to keep himself out
of danger, he very willingly remained far in the rear when a battle was in progress, but when
the firing ceased he faithfully sought me and reported for duty. While writing about Charles,
I may anticipate a little and say that when we were in Pennsylvania I told him that we were
on Yankee soil, and that he had the opportunity of deserting me and of remaining there as a
free man. He replied that he already knew that, but that he was going to abide with me. And
when I was captured at Falling Waters he had the intelligence and fidelity to ride my horse
home and deliver him to my brother.

It was while we were encamped at Moss Neck that I witnessed a military execution for the offense
of desertion from the 47th regiment. The criminal was on his knees, blindfolded, with his hands
tied behind him to a stake. A short distance in front of him was the line of twenty men detailed
to do the shooting, and commanded by an officer especially appointed. No man could tell who
did the killing, for the twenty muskets were handed to them, one-half of them being loaded
with blank cartridges. The rest of the regiment was drawn up, one-half on the right, and the
other on the left. At the word "Fire!" the report of the guns rang out and the deserter fell
forward pierced by balls. Death was instantaneous. Although the crime was mortal, the scene
was painfully sad.
