Time passed and the enemy had left much to my releif. 50 souls were either dead or wounded on the part of the 47th.  Despite this we'd hurt them more. Day broke on the following day and provided a welcomed break in which we licked our wounds. Whilst speaking to Union soldier i learned that General jackson was the man who fell whilst serving his country. 

Due to the enemies losses we discovered on the 15th that their retreat occured during the night to the northern side of the river. They had encurred losses at a rate of three for every one of ours. Burnside's greatest assets were placed where the confederates where strongest. His fatal error lay in his transparrent flanking manover that left our left side vaulnerable, if as fierce an opposstion would have assulted our left flank then a very different outcome would have been experienced.

I recieved a promoion days after the battle from Coulnel Mayo where he exclaimed "for  gallant and meritorious conduct promoted to be First Lieutenent and Adjutant of the 447th regiment." The award seemed somewhat diluted amoung so many brave men and displaying such merit, although satisfying did not seem obviouse.

Located close to moss neck, a farm owned by a Mr Richard Cobin was camp Gregg, Named after Brigadier-General Maxcy Gregg was where Lee's army went into winter holding. The Rappahannock river was what seperated thee Yankee's from the rebel armies. Two opposing forces with a mutual understanding that instead of an exchange of bullets tabacco and coffee are the only ammunition being sent to the opposing sides. Songs of "O soldiers, won't you meet us on Canaan's happy shore" acted as a soundtrack to cammp Gregg. However no real certainty answered their choral questioning.

I remember the night when the earth was covered with snow several inches deep for me it was my turn to go to the river on picket duty, when it came that time in the night whe the opportunity to sleep arose my only though was which spot to choose. I laid down a blanket of tree branches and laid my blanket on top, i laid down with the blanket covering my whole body and enjoyed revitalising sleep. When i woke up in the morning the blank was frozen solid with moisture in my breath.

There was one man who i have missed out so far, his name was Charles Wesley who was a black man whom was roughly the same age.
We had grown up together on the farm where cultural difference did not hinder our play. He was my friend i did not see him as a slave, he followed me to the war, he washed my clothes, cooked me food and when i was sick he was my nurse.
Having orders to keep him out of danger he remainded far back when i was in battle and once over he faithfully came and found me ready for work. In talking about Charles i remember the occassion when we were in Pennsylvania , i told him that we were on America soil and he had the opportunity to deset me and remian there as a free man, Charles replied that he was aware but that he was going to remain loyal to me.
When i was captured at Falling Waters Charles had the intelligence and devotion to ridemy horse all the way home and deliver him to my brother.

A line of twenty men first showed me the horrors of a military execution. Moss Neck was the camp where a fatfull criminal ended his life bound and blindfolded at the stake for the crime of desertion of the 47th regiment. The twenty strong were led by an officer specially appointed for this task, Half the men had loaded rifles whilst the other half used rifles firing blanks the logic being that no man knew who made the fatal shot. The men lined up and at the command 'Fire' the line erupted in an explosive bang which rolled around the camp. The criminal slumped at the stake torn apart by shots for a crime which could be expected of anyone however the witnessing of the punishment could only be witnessed by few.
