We were severely wounded by the drift ice which the waves threw at our vessel, but we were able to avoid this and wait for morning. This morning Mr. Jones left me to go see if he could catch a walrus or some sea bird so we may at least have something to eat and he has not come back yet.

Erik asked if Mr. Jones was one of the officers of the Albatross and O'Donoghan answered him that he was the owner and the captain of her.

"Then Mr. Tudor is not the captain of the Albatross?" asked Erick

"I don't know," the wounded man said seeming to ask himself  if he had been too confidential in speaking as he had.

Erik didn't insist on this point as he had too many questions to ask.

As he seated himself on the snow beside the Irishman he said "you refused to come on board the other day in my ship and have a chat with me and your refusal has brought about many disasters. But as we have met again let us take this opportunity to talk seriously and like rational men. You are here on a floating ice-bank with no food and seriously wounded and incapable of escaping death. My stepfather and myself have all that you need, food, ammunition, and brandy and we will share with you and take care of you until you make a full recovery and in return for our care we only ask you to treat us with confidence a little respect."

The Irishman looked at Erik with a hesitant look mixed with gratitude, fear and indecision and then said, "that depends on what kind of confidence you are asking for."

"You know very well," Erik answered trying very hard to smile and taking in his hands those of the wounded Irishman. "The other day I told you what I wanted to find out and have come such a long distance to discover. Now Patrick O'Donoghan  try and disclose the secret which is so much important to me and tell me what you know about the baby tied to the buoy. Give me the slightest idea of who I am so I may find my family. What do you fear? What danger do you get into in telling me the truth that I deserve to know?"

O'Donoghan did not answer but seemed to be turning over the arguments that Erick had used in his brain.

With an effort he said at last "but if we succeed in escaping from here and we reach a country where there are judges and courts, you could harm me."

"I swear I would not, I swear it all before God," said Erik. "Whatever pain you have put me through or others I swear you shall not be punished for them in any way. By the way there is one fact you seem to forget, there is a limit to such matters. When such events have taken place over twenty years ago, the courts or judges have no right to judge you for them."

"Is that true?" asked the Irishman not trusting Erik. "Mr Jones told me that the 'Alaska' was sent by the police and you spoke of a tribunal."

"That was about an accident that happened to us in the beginning of our journey. Be sure that Mr. Jones was mocking you, Patrick. Obviously he has his own interests and he is not willing to tell you.

"You may be sure of that," said the Irishman, eagerly. "But how did you know that I knew about this secret?"

"Through Mr. and Mrs. Bowles of the Red Anchor in Brooklyn, who had heard you speak of the baby tied to the buoy."

"That is true," said the Irishman. Thinking again, "then you're sure you were not sent by the police?"

"No what a ridiculous idea. I came on own and on my own desire to discover the land of my birth and who my parents are."

O'Donoghan smiled proudly, "If that is what you want to know then it is true that I can tell you and yes I do know the whole story about the baby tied at the buoy."

"Tell me, please," Erik begged seeing that the Irishman had hesitated. "Tell me and I promise to pardon you for all the crimes you have committed and my gratitude if I am ever in a position to show it."

The Irishman looked at the bottle before him and said, "My throat becomes dry for talking too much," he said in a faint tone. "I will have another drink if you are willing to give it to me."
