We were  awfully   hurt  by the  wander  ice which the  swell   chucked  into our  vessel,  but at  extent  we were  adept  to draw  us   after  their  come to  and  delay  for the dawn of day. This  forenoon  Mr. Jones left me to  proceed  and  glimpse  if he could  murder  a walrus, or some sea-bird, in  alignment  that we might have  certain thing  to eat. I have not  glimpsed  him since!"

"Is Mr. Jones one of the agents of the 'Albatross'?" inquired Erik.

"He is the proprietor and head individual of her!" responded O'Donoghan, in a pitch which appeared to articulate shock at the question.

"Then Mr. Tudor Brown is not the head individual of the 'Albatross'?"

"I don't know," said the hurt man, hesitatingly, appearing to inquire himself if he had been too secret in talking as without coercion as he had done.

Erik did not believe it shrewd to assert on this point. He had too numerous other inquiries to ask.

"You see," he said to the Irishman, as he seated himself on the snowfall adjacent him, "you denied the other day to arrive on board of my boat and converse with me, and your denial has occasioned numerous disasters. But now that we have contacted afresh, let us earnings by this opening to converse gravely and like reasonable men. You glimpse you are here on a bobbing ice-bank, without nourishment, and gravely hurt, incapable by your own efforts of getting away the most fiendish death. My taken up dad and myself have all that you require, nourishment, fire-arms, and brandy. We will share with you, and be careful of you until you are well again. In come back for our care, we only inquire you to heal us with a little confidence!"

The Irishman provided Erik an irresolute gaze in which thankfulness appeared to mingle with fear--a gaze of fearful indecision.

"That counts on the kind of self-assurance that you inquire for?" he said, evasively.

"Oh, you understand very well," responded Erik, producing an effort to grin, and taking in his hands those of the hurt man. "I notified you the other day; you understand what I desire to find out and what I have arrive so far to discover. Now, Patrick O'Donoghan, make a little effort and reveal to me this mystery which is of so much significance to me, notify me what you understand about the infant joined to the buoy. Give me the faintest suggestion of who I am, in order that I may find my family. What manage you fear? What hazard manage you run in persuading me?"

O'Donoghan did not response, but appeared to be rotating over in his obtuse mind the contentions that Erik had used.

"But," he said at last, with an effort, "if we do well in getting away from here, and we come to some homeland where there are referees and enclosures, you could manage me some harm?"

"No, I pledge that I would not. I pledge it by all that is sacred," said Erik, hotly. "Whatever may be the wounds you have imposed upon me or upon other ones, I assurance that you will not bear for them in any way. Besides, there is one detail of which you appear to be ignorant, it is that there is a restrict to such matters. When such happenings have taken location more than 20 years before, human fairness has no longer the right to demand an accounting for them."

"Is that true?" inquired Patrick O'Donoghan, distrustfully. "Mr. Jones notified me that the 'Alaska' had been dispatched by the policeman, and you yourself talked of a tribunal."

"That was about latest events--an misfortune that occurred to us at the starting of our journey. You may be certain that Mr. Jones was mocking you, Patrick. Doubtless he has some concern of his own for desiring you not to tell."

"You may be certain of that," said the Irishman, earnestly. "But how did you find out that I was acquainted with this secret?"

"Through Mr. and Mrs. Bowles of the Red Anchor in Brooklyn, who had often learned you talk of the infant joined to the buoy."

"That is true," said the Irishman. He echoed again. "Then you are certain that you were not dispatched by the police?" he said, at length.

"No--what an absurd idea. I came of my own accord on account of my ardent yearn, my desire, to find out the land of my birth and to find out who my parents were, that is all."

O'Donoghan grinned, proudly:

"Ah, that is what you desire to know," he said. "Well, it is factual that I can notify you. It is factual that I know."

"Tell me--tell me!" bawled Erik, glimpsing that he hesitated. "Tell me and I pledge you pardon for all the bad that you have finished, and my everlasting thankfulness if I am ever in a place to display it!"

The Irishman provided a covetous gaze at the leathern bottle.

"It makes my throat dry to converse so much," he said, in a unclear tone. "I will drink a little more if you are eager to give it to me."
