We were terribly wounded by the drift ice which
the waves threw into our boat, but at length we were able to draw ourselves beyond their reach
and wait for the dawn of day. This morning Mr. Jones left me to go and see if he could kill
a walrus, or some sea-bird, in order that we might have something to eat. I have not seen him
since!"

"Is Mr. Jones one of the officers of the 'Albatross'?" asked Erik.

"He is the owner and captain of her!" answered O'Donoghan, in a tone which seemed to express
surprise at the question.

"Then Mr. Tudor Brown is not the captain of the 'Albatross'?"

"I don't know," said the wounded man, hesitatingly, seeming to ask himself whether he had been
too confidential in speaking as freely as he had done.

Erik did not think it wise to insist on this point. He had too many other questions to ask.

"You see," he said to the Irishman, as he seated himself on the snow beside him, "you refused
the other day to come on board of my ship and talk with me, and your refusal has occasioned
many disasters. But now that we have met again, let us profit by this opportunity to talk seriously
and like rational men. You see you are here on a floating ice-bank, without food, and seriously
wounded, incapable by your own efforts of escaping the most cruel death. My adopted father
and myself have all that you need, food, fire-arms, and brandy. We will share with you, and
take care of you until you are well again. In return for our care, we only ask you to treat
us with a little confidence!"

The Irishman gave Erik an irresolute look in which gratitude seemed to mingle with fear--a
look of fearful indecision.

"That depends on the kind of confidence that you ask for?" he said, evasively.

"Oh, you know very well," answered Erik, making an effort to smile, and taking in his hands
those of the wounded man. "I told you the other day; you know what I want to find out and what
I have come so far to discover. Now, Patrick O'Donoghan, make a little effort and disclose
to me this secret which is of so much importance to me, tell me what you know about the infant
tied to the buoy. Give me the faintest indication of who I am, so that I may find my family.
What do you fear? What danger do you run in satisfying me?"

O'Donoghan did not answer, but seemed to be turning over in his obtuse brain the arguments
that Erik had used.

"But," he said at last, with an effort, "if we succeed in getting away from here, and we reach
some country where there are judges and courts, you could do me some harm?"

"No, I swear that I would not. I swear it by all that is sacred," said Erik, hotly. "Whatever
may be the injuries you have inflicted upon me or upon others, I guarantee that you shall not
suffer for them in any way. Besides, there is one fact of which you seem to be ignorant, it
is that there is a limit to such matters. When such events have taken place more than twenty
years ago, human justice has no longer the right to demand an accounting for them."

"Is that true?" asked Patrick O'Donoghan, distrustfully. "Mr. Jones told me that the 'Alaska'
had been sent by the police, and you yourself spoke of a tribunal."

"That was about recent events--an accident that happened to us at the beginning of our journey.
You may be sure that Mr. Jones was mocking you, Patrick. Doubtless he has some interest of
his own for wishing you not to tell."

"You may be sure of that," said the Irishman, earnestly. "But how did you discover that I was
acquainted with this secret?"

"Through Mr. and Mrs. Bowles of the Red Anchor in Brooklyn, who had often heard you speak of
the infant tied to the buoy."

"That is true," said the Irishman. He reflected again. "Then you are sure that you were not
sent by the police?" he said, at length.

"No--what an absurd idea. I came of my own accord on account of my ardent desire, my thirst,
to discover the land of my birth and to find out who my parents were, that is all."

O'Donoghan smiled, proudly:

"Ah, that is what you want to know," he said. "Well, it is true that I can tell you. It is
true that I know."

"Tell me--tell me!" cried Erik, seeing that he hesitated. "Tell me and I promise you pardon
for all the evil that you have done, and my everlasting gratitude if I am ever in a position
to show it!"

The Irishman gave a covetous look at the leathern bottle.

"It makes my throat dry to talk so much," he said, in a faint tone. "I will drink a little
more if you are willing to give it to me."
