We hurt a lot by the drift ice that threw waves our boat, but finally we were able to pull ourselves out of reach and wait for the dawn of day. This morning Mr. Jones let me go and see if I could kill a walrus or a sea bird, so we can have something to eat. Have not seen him since! " 
"Is Mr. Jones one of the officers of the 'Albatross'? "Erik asked. 

"He is the owner and captain of her!" O'Donoghan replied in a tone that seemed to express surprise at the question. 

"Then Mr. Brown Tudor is not the master of the 'Albatross'?" 

"I do not know," said the wounded man, hesitant, seemed to wonder if he was too sensitive to talk as freely as they had done. 

Erik does not think it wise to emphasize this point. There were many other questions. 

"You see," said the Irishman, sitting in the snow beside him, "refused the other day to get on board my boat and talk to me, and its refusal has caused many disasters. But now we're back, we take this opportunity to talk seriously and as rational men. You see you are here on a bank of floating ice, no food, and seriously injured, not by its own efforts to escape a cruel death. My adoptive father and I have everything I need, food, firearms, and brandy. We will share with you, and care for you until you are well again. In return for our care, we only ask you to treat us with some confidence! " 

The Irish gave him a look that seemed undecided Erik gratitude mixed with fear - a fearful look of indecision. 

"That depends on the kind of confidence that you ask for?" said evasively. 

"Oh, you know very well," said Erik, making an effort to smile, and holding in his hands to hurt. "I told you the other day, you know what you know and what I've come so far to find. Now, Patrick O'Donoghan, do a little effort and make known to me that is so important to tell me what you know about the baby tied to the buoy. Give me a hint of who I am, so that I can find my family. What are you afraid? What danger does not run in meeting me? " 

O'Donoghan not answer, but seemed to be turning in his brain that he had used obtuse arguments Erik. 

"But," he said at last, with an effort, "If we succeed in getting away from here, and comes to a country where there are judges and courts, could hurt me?" 

"No, I swear I would not. I swear by the most sacred thing, "Erik said with vehemence. "What the wounds inflicted on me or the other, I guarantee you will not have to suffer for them in any way. There is also a fact that you seem to ignore is that there is a limit to these issues. When these events have led After more than twenty years, human justice no longer has the right to demand accountability for them. " 

Is that true? "Patrick O'Donoghan asked suspiciously." Mr. Jones told me that the "Alaska" had been sent by the police, and you yourself have spoken of a court. " 

"That was about recent events - an accident that happened to us at the beginning of our journey. You can be sure that Mr. Jones scoffs, Patrick. No doubt you have any interest of his own to want not I say. " 

"You can be sure of that," the Irishman said, seriously. "But how did you discover that I was familiar with this secret?" 

"Through Mr. and Mrs. Bowles Red Anchor in Brooklyn, who had often heard talk of baby tied to the buoy." 

"True," said the Irishman. He thought again. "So, you are sure you were not sent by the police?" He said at last. 

"No - what an absurd idea. I came on my own for my ardent desire, my thirst to know the land of my birth and my parents know who they were, that's all." 

O'Donoghan smiled proudly: 

"Oh, that's what you know" he said. "Well, I can say is true. It is true that I know. " 

"Tell me - tell me! "Erik shouted, seeing that he hesitated." Tell me and I promise you forgiveness for all the evil he has done, and my eternal gratitude if I'm always able to prove it! " 

The Irish look greedy to boot. 

"He has a dry throat to speak," he said in a weak tone. "I'll drink a little more if you are willing to give me."
