Gonna lynch another nigger tonight!'

"The slaves tried to get schools, but they didn't get any. Finally they started a few schools
in little log cabins. But we children, my sister and I, never went to school.

"I married William L. Davison, when I was thirty-two years old. That was after I left the plantation.
I never had company there. I had to work. I have only one grandchild still living, Willa May
Reynolds. She taught school in City Grove, Tennessee. She's married now.

"I thought Abe Lincoln was a great man. What little I know about him, I always thought he was
a great man. He did a lot of good.

"Us kids always used to sing a song, 'Gonna hang Jeff Davis to a sour apple tree as we go marchin'
home.' I didn't know what it meant at the time.

"I never knew much about Booker T. Washington, but I heard about him. Frederick Douglass was
a great man, too. He did lots of good, like Abe Lincoln.

"Well, slavery's over and I think that's a grand thing. A white lady recently asked me, 'Don't
you think you were better off under the white people?' I said 'What you talkin' about? The
birds of the air have their freedom'. I don't know why she should ask me that anyway.

"I belong to the Third Baptist Church. I think all people should be religious. Christ was a
missionary. He went about doing good to people. You should be clean, honest, and do everything
good for people. I first turn the searchlight on myself. To be a true Christian, you must do
as Christ said: 'Love one another'. You know, that's why I said I didn't want to tell about
my life and the terrible things that I and my sister Mary suffered. I want to forgive those
people. Some people tell me those people are in hell now. But I don't think that. I believe
we should all do good to everybody."

Betty Lugabell, Reporter [TR: also reported as Lugabill] Harold Pugh, Editor R.S. Drum, Supervisor
Jun 9, 1937

Folklore: Ex-Slaves Paulding Co., District 10

MARY BELLE DEMPSEY Ex-Slave, 87 years

"I was only two years old when my family moved here, from Wilford county, Kentucky. 'Course
I don't remember anything of our slave days, but my mother told me all about it."

"My mother and father were named Sidney Jane and William Booker. I had one brother named George
William Booker."

"The man who owned my father and mother was a good man." He was good to them and never 'bused
them. He had quite a large plantation and owned 26 slaves. Each slave family had a house of
their own and the women of each family prepared the meals, in their cabins. These cabins were
warm and in good shape."

"The master farmed his land and the men folks helped in the fields but the women took care
of their homes."

"We had our churches, too. Sometimes the white folks would try to cause trouble when the negroes
were holding their meetings, then a night the men of the church would place chunks and matches
on the white folks gate post. In the morning the white folks would find them and know that
it was a warning if they din't quit causing trouble their buildings would be burned."

"There was a farm that joined my parents' master's place and the owner was about ready to sell
the mother slave with her five small children. The children carried on so much because they
were to be separated that the mistress bought them back although she had very little money
to spare."

"I don't know any more slave stories, but now I am getting old, and I know that I do not have
long to live, but I'm not sorry, I am, ready to go. I have lived as the Lord wants us to live
and I know that when I die I shall join many of my friends and relatives in the Lord's place.
Religion is the finest thing on earth. It is the one and only thing that matters."

Former Slave Interview, Special Aug 16, 1937

Butler County, District #2 Middletown

MRS. NANCE EAST 809 Seventeenth Ave., Middletown, Ohio

"Mammy" East, 809 Seventeenth Ave., Middletown, Ohio, rules a four-room bungalow in the negro
district set aside by the American Rolling Mill Corporation. She lives there with her sons,
workers in the mill, and keeps them an immaculate home in the manner which she was taught on
a Southern plantation. Her house is furnished with modern electrical appliances and furniture,
but she herself is an anachronism, a personage with no faith in modern methods of living, one
who belongs in that vague period designated as "befo' de wah."

"I 'membahs all 'bout de slave time. I was powerful small but my mother and daddy done tole
me all 'bout it.
