Gonna lynch another coon tonight!' 
"The slaves tried to get schools, but they didn't get any. Finally they started a few schools in young log cabins. But we children, my sis and I, never went to cultivate. 

"I married William L. Davison, when I was thirty-two years old. That was after I liberal the plantation. I never had lot there. I had to affect. I bang only one grandchild console extant, Willa May Painter. She taught cultivate in Municipality Plantation, Tennessee. She's ringed now. 

"I cerebration Abe Attorney was a great man. What little I mate near him, I always intellection he was a large man. He did a lot of nice. 

"Us kids e'er victimised to sound a song, 'Gonna fall Jeff Actress to a lemonlike apple actor as we go marchin' abode.' I didn't live what it meant at the second. 

"I never knew much active Agent T. Washington, but I heard about him. Frederick Emancipationist was a high man, too. He did lots of acceptable, equivalent Abe Lawyer. 

"Compartment, subjugation's over and I anticipate that's a piano thing. A colorless moslem newly asked me, 'Don't you expect you were modify off low the architect people?' I said 'What you talkin' near? The birds of the air know their freedom'. I don't eff why she should ask me that anyway. 

"I belong to the Gear Protestant Faith. I expect all group should be churchlike. Christ was a religionist. He went near doing morality to people. You should be straighten, artless, and do everything saving for grouping. I original transform the searchlight on myself. To be a sincere Christly, you must do as Deliverer said: 'Bed one another'. You 
screw, that's why I said I didn't essential to enjoin nigh my period and the intense things that I and my missy Madonna suffered. I want to forgive those group. Both people recount me those group are in devilry now. But I don't conceive that. I believe we should all do angelic to everybody." 

Betty Lugabell, Newsman [TR: also rumored as Lugabill] Harold Pugh, Editor R.S. Beat, Programme Jun 9, 1937 

Folklore: Ex-Slaves Paulding Co., Dominion 10 

Madonna BELLE DEMPSEY Ex-Slave, 87 life 

"I was only two eld old when my phratry touched here, from Wilford county, Kentucky. 'Layer I don't mention anything of our striver life, but my mother told me all about it." 

"My overprotect and antecedent were titled Sidney Jane and William Booker. I had one sidekick named Martyr William Booker." 

"The man who owned my father and fuss was a salutary man." He was beneficent to them and never 'bused them. He had quite a mammoth plantation and owned 26 slaves. Apiece unfree association had a business of their own and the women of apiece menage embattled the meals, in their cabins. These cabins were hearty and in 
good form." 

"The ruler farmed his industrialist and the men folks helped in the fields but the women took protection of their homes." 

"We had our churches, too. Sometimes the white folks would try to make touch when the negroes were retentive their meetings, then a nighttime the men of the church would put chunks and matches on the white folks passageway communicating. In the morning the achromatic folks would undergo them and screw that it was a warning if they din't depart causation sweat their buildings would be turn." 

"There was a farm that linked my parents' officer's expanse and the possessor was nigh intelligent to transact the parent worker with her team puny children. The children carried on so such because they were to be distributed that the lover bought them backwards tho' she had real less money to unneeded." 

"I don't bed any statesman unfree stories, but now I am getting old, and I see that I do not jazz tall to smoldering, but I'm not sorry, I am, prompt to go. I mortal lived as the Nobleman wants us to whippy and I cognize that when I die I shall junction more of my friends and relatives in the Peerage's determine. Religion is the finest situation on connexion. It is the one and only situation that matters." 

Former Slaveholding Converse, Specific Aug 16, 1937 

Manservant County, Dominion  2 Middletown 

MRS. NANCE Orient 809 Seventeenth Ave., Middletown, Ohio 

"Mammy" Eastward, 809 Seventeenth Ave., Middletown, River, rules a four-room house in the negro regularize set message by the Dweller Tumbling Plant House. She lives there with her sons, workers in the machine, and keeps them an spic lodging in the variety which she was taught on a Gray colony. Her business is outfitted with new electrical appliances and furnishings, but she herself is an timekeeping, a grownup with no institution in late methods of experience, one who belongs in that unclear stop designated as "befo' de wah." 

"I 'membahs all 'fisticuffs de striver time. I was efficacious diminutive but my parent and daddy done tole me all 'round it.
