Planning to lynch another black  tonight.In those days there werent any schools where slaves could go.So small log cabins were turned into schools. But my sister and I never went to school.At thirty-two I married William L. Davison after leaving the plantation. I had to work and there was no company on the plantation. My only surviving grandchild,Willa May Reynolds, used to teach in a school in City Grove ,Tennessee and now she is married.Abe Lincoln did alot of good and Ithought very highly of him.As kids we used to sing a song 'Gonna hang Jeff Davis to a sour apple tree as we go marchin' home.'Without really knowing what it meant.Both Booker T. Washington and Fredrick Douglass were great men, doing good like Abe Lincoln.With the abolition of slavery blacks could breathe freely'A lady recently asked if tne blacks were really not happier under the whites, which Ithought was meaningless.Ibelong to the Third Bapist Church and think that all people should do and be good.The atrocities me and my sister suffered are unimaginable and God forgive the perpetrators.We must love one another like true Christians.betty Lugabell, Reporter ( TR. also reported as Lugabill) Harold Pugh, Editor R.S. Drum, Supervisor Jun 9, 1937 Folklore: Ex'Slaves Paulding Co. District 10 MARY BELLE DEMPSEY Ex-Slave ,87 years'I was a toddler when the family movesd from Wilford county ,Kentuckybut my mother told me all about slavery.My parents were Sidney Jane and William Booker and my brother was named George William Booker.The whitw man who owned my parents was a good man. 26 slaves worked in his fairly large plantation and he treated them well. Each slave family had their own cabin and the women prepared the meals there. These were in good condition.The master was a farmer, the men helped in the fields but the women looked after their homes.The slaves had their churches as well. and sometimes during their meetings the white people would create trouble. The slaves would then place chunks and matches on the white man's gate post as a warning that their houses would be burnt if they continued causing trouble.The owner of the adjoinging farm was ready to sell the mother slave and her five children but the children created such a furoe that the misteress bought them back although she did not have much money to spare.I don't know many more slave stories and I am too old now and looking forward to dyeing and joining my friends and relatives in the heavenly abode.I believe that religion is the most important thing in the world.'Former Slave Interview, Special Aug 16, 1937Butler County, District#2 Middletown.MRS  NANCE east 809 Seventeen Ave. Middletown.' Mammy'East, 809  SeventeenthAve, Middletown , Ohiorules afour room bungalow in the negro district set aside the the American Rollinf Mill Corporation.She lives there with her sons and workers in the same immaculate fashion that she was taught in a Southern plantation.Her house is equipped with all modern equipment  but she herself does not believe in modern things.' Iam aware of the slavery days as my parents told me all they knew about those days.
