12. White conduit systems House. The anonymous author of the Sunday Ramble, 1774, has left us with the following description of this once popular tea-gardens: 

"The garden are formed in more pleasing tours, prettily disposed; at the end of the most important thing is a painting, which serves to render it much larger in appearance than it really is; and in the midst of the garden is a circular fish-Pond, curiously, covered with a large number of very genteel boxes for company, sliced in hedges and adorned with a series of Flemish and other painting; there are also two beautiful tea-rooms, one above the other, as well as more inferior to them in the dwelling-house." 

"White conduit systems Loaves" was for a long time famous, and before the big gain in the price of bread, during the revolutionary war with France, they formed one of the regular "London-cry." 

13. Vauxhall Gardens. A curious and highly interesting description of this popular place of amusement, "a century ago," was printed in 1745, under the title of a sketch of Spring-Gardens, Vaux-Hall, in a letter to a Noble Lord, 8vo. my copy is very on Mr Cunningham's service for all future editions of his Handbook. 

Edward f. Rimbault. 

* * * * * 

DEVOTIONAL TRACTS belongs to the Queen KATHERINE PARR. 

In your figures for August 10th note I an investigation concerning an MS. book of prayers said to have belonged to Queen Katherine Parr. Of that book I know nothing, but there is the latest entry in my possession a volume of early Danish printed devotional works, which undoubtedly has belonged to the Queen. The volume is a small duodecimo, captive red velvet, with gilt magazines and has had an ornamental borders and clasps of some metal impression of these are still clearly visible after the velvet covered. The contents of this volume is as follows: 

1. A sermon of Saint Chrysostome, whereby besyde; it is furnysshed with heuenly wisedome and teachinge, he is fantastic, no man proueth is hurted, but of hym selfe-: translated into Englishe by floure of lerned human in his tyme, Thomas Lupsete, a Londoner, 1534. " 

At the bottom of this title-page is written, in the well-known bold page by Katherine Parr,--"Kateryn Quene, K.P.," with the equally well-known flourish under. 

2. "A svvete and devovte sermon of Holy Saynet Ciprian of mortalitie of man. The rules in a Christian life made Picus, erle of Mirandula, both translated into Englyshe by sewing together Thomas Elyot, Knyght. Londini, Anno verbi incarnati MDXXXIX. 

3. "an invitation to yonge men, & c., by Thomas Lupsete, Londener, 1534. 

4. "A treatise of charitie, 1534. 

5. "be here Gathered Counsales in the Sainete Isidorie, & c., 1539. 

6. "Has a concise and a very fruitful dissertation teaching waye of dyenge, is written to a frende of floure lerned men of his tyme, Thomas Lupsete, a Londoner, late deceassed, on whose sowle Jesus ' mercy. 1541. " 

Almost all these papers printed by Thomas Berthelet. I don't know if any of these papers are now scarce. On the fly-leaf opposite first page we find the following Scriptural phrases, that is, in my opinion, and as part of other to whom I have shown book, apparently written by the Queen hand. 

It is only necessary to give the first and last of these statements: 

"Delyte not in Þe multytude wicked men and haue no pleasure in Þem, for the feare not God. 

"Refuses not Þe prayer a yt is in trouble, and tour not away your face from nedye." 

We don't cite any more; but on the opposite side of the flies-bladed is some verses to a different character, and whom I suspect to be from the Royal pen of Henry VIII. The write operation is rarely difficult to decypher, but it bears a strong resemblance to everyone, I have seen of Henry's handwriting. A part of the verse, as far as I can make them out is subjoined here: 

Respect. 

"Blush not fayre nimphe, tho (nee?) by nobell blood, I fain avoutch it, and good manners, Spottles in lyf, of mynd sencere and sound, a world of vertues in whoam gives abowend, and besyd in lycens sith yt give withall seen doughts asyd, and some sporting events fall, Therefoor, suspysion, I banyshe you " 

Then follows a line in cannot decypher, and at the bottom of the page is 

"You want to be clear from my suspysion." 

 

12. White Conduit House. 

The anonymous author of the Sunday Ramble, 1774, has left us the following description of this once popular tea-gardens: 

"The garden ice formed into several pleasing walks, prettily disposed; to the end of the principal one is a painting, which serves two render it much larger in appearance than it really is; and in the middle of the garden is a round-fish-pond, encompassed with a great number of very genteel boxes for company, curiously cut into the hedges, and adorned with a vibrant Flemish and other painting; there are likewise two handsome tea-rooms, one above the other, as well as several inferior ones in the dwelling-house." 

"White Conduit Loaves" were for a long time famous, and before the great augmentation in the price of bread, during the revolutionary war with France, they formed one of the regular "London cries." 

13. Vauxhall Gardens. 

A curious and highly interesting description of this popular place of amusement, "a century ago," was printed in 1745, under the title of a Sketch of the Spring-Gardens, Vaux-hall, in a letter to a Noble Lord, 8vo. 

My copy is much two Mr. Cunningham's service for any future edition of his Handbook. 

Edward f. Rimbault. 

DEVOTIONAL TRACTS BELONGING TWO QUEEN KATHERINE PARR. 

In your Number for August 10th, In observed an inquiry regarding (a) Ms. book of prayers said to have belonged to two Queen Katherine Parr. 

Of the book in question I know nothing, but there has lately come into my possession a volume of early English printed devotional works, which undoubtedly has belonged to this Queen. 

The volume is a small duodecimo, bound red velvet, with gilt leaves has hatred ornamental borders and clasps of some metal, as the impressions of these owners are still distinctly visible upon the velvet covering. 

The contents of this volume are as follows: 

1. "a sermon of Saint Chrysostome, wherein besyde that it is furnysshed with heuenly wisedome and teachinge, he proueth that no one wonderfully is hurted but of hym selfe-: translated into Englishe by the floure of lerned human in his tyme, Thomas Lupsete, a Londoner, 1534." 

At the bottom of this title page is written, in the well-known ball hand of Katherine Parr,--"Kateryn the Quene, K.P.," with the equally well-known flourish beneath. 

2. "a svvete and devovte sermon of Holy Saynet Ciprian of mortalitie of man. 

The rules of a Christian life made by Picus, erle of Mirandula, both translated into Englyshe city Stitches Thomas Elyot, Knyght. 

Londini, Anno verbi incarnati MDXXXIX. 

3. "an exhortation two yonge but, & c., by Thomas Lupsete, Londener, 1534. 

4. "a treatise of charitie, 1534. 

5. "Here be the Gathered Counsales of Sainete Isidorie, & c., 1539. 

6. "a compendious and a very fruitful treatise teaching the waye of dyenge wel, written two a frende town floure of lerned but of his tyme, Thomas Lupsete, a Londoner, late deceassed, on whose sowle Jesus have mercy. 

1541." 

Almost all these treatises are printed by Thomas Berthelet. 

I know not if any of these treatises are now scarce. 

On the fly-leaf connected first page we find the following scriptural sentences, which are, in my opinion, and in that of others two whom have shown In the book, evidently written by the hand of the Queen. 

It will be only necessary to give the first and last of these sentences: 

"Delyte not in Þe multytude of ungodly outwit docs, and no pleasure in haue Þem, for they feare not Good. 

"Refuse ' still appear there's still appear there not Þe prayer of one yt is in trouble, and tour not away thy face from the nedye." 

We need not quote more; but on the opposite side of the fly-leaf are some verses of a different character, and which In could be misleading to be from the royal pen of Henry VIII. 

The writing is uncommonly difficult to decypher, but it bears a strong resemblance to all that I have seen of Henry's handwriting. 

A portion of the verses, as far as I can make them out, are here subjoined: 

Respect. 

"Blush not fayre, nimphe, tho (nee?) 

of nobell blood, In fain avoutch it, and of good manners, Spottles in lyf, of mynd sencere and sound, In whoam a world of vertues doth abowend, And sith besyd yt ye lycens give withall Seen doughts asyd and two some sporting fall, Therefoor, suspysion, In banyshe do thee " 

Then follows a line in cannot decypher, and at the bottom of the page is 

"You will be clear of my suspysion." 

 

12. Hvide installationsrørsystemer House. Anonym forfatter til The Sunday Ramble, 1774, har forladt os følgende beskrivelse af dette én gang populære te-haver: "Haven dannes i flere glædeligt ture, prettily bortskaffet; i slutningen af det vigtigste er et maleri, som tjener til at gengive det meget større i udseende end det virkelig er; og midt i haven er en rund fisk-Dam, mærkværdigvis omfattede med et stort antal meget genteel bokse til selskab, skåret i hække og smykket med en række flamske og andre maleri; der er ligeledes to smuk te-værelser, en over andre, samt flere ringere end dem i boligen-huset." "White installationsrørsystemer Loaves" blev i lang tid berømte, og før den store forstærkning i prisen på brød, under revolutionerende krigen med Frankrig, de dannede en af de regelmæssige "London-råb." 13. Vauxhall Gardens. En nysgerrig og yderst interessant beskrivelse af denne populære sted af morskab, "et århundrede siden," blev trykt i 1745, under titlen på en skitse af Spring-Gardens, Vaux-hallen, i et brev til en Noble Herren, 8vo. Min kopi er meget på hr. Cunninghams tjeneste for alle fremtidige udgaver af hans Handbook. "Haven dannes i flere glædeligt ture, prettily bortskaffet; i slutningen af det vigtigste er et maleri, som tjener til at gengive det meget større i udseende end det virkelig er; og midt i haven er en rund fisk-Dam, mærkværdigvis omfattede med et stort antal meget genteel bokse til selskab, skåret i hække og smykket med en række flamske og andre maleri; der er ligeledes to smuk te-værelser, en over andre, samt flere ringere end dem i boligen-huset." "White installationsrørsystemer Loaves" blev i lang tid berømte, og før den store forstærkning i prisen på brød, under revolutionerende krigen med Frankrig, de dannede en af de regelmæssige "London-råb." Edward F. Rimbault. HENGIVNE TRACTS TILHØRER DRONNINGEN KATHERINE PARR. I dine tal for august 10th konstatere jeg en undersøgelse vedrørende en MS. bog af bønner sagde til har tilhørt Queen Katherine Parr. Af den pågældende bog jeg ved intet, men der er det seneste trådt i min besiddelse et volumen på tidlig Dansk udskrives hengivne gerninger, som uden tvivl har tilhørt denne Queen. Diskenheden er en lille duodecimo, bundne rød velvet, med gilt blade, og det har haft vandlevende grænser og hægter af nogle metal, som indtryk af disse er stadig tydeligt synlige efter velvet dækket. Indholdet af denne diskenhed er som følger: 1. En prædiken af Saint Chrysostome, hvorved besyde, det er furnysshed med heuenly wisedome og teachinge, han fantastisk proueth, ingen mand er hurted, men af hym-selfe: oversat til Englishe af floure af lerned menne i hans tyme, Thomas Lupsete, londoner, 1534. " På bunden af denne titel-side er skrevet, i den velkendte fed side af Katherine Parr,--"Kateryn Quene, K.P.," med den lige så velkendte blomstre under. Edward F. Rimbault. HENGIVNE TRACTS TILHØRER DRONNINGEN KATHERINE PARR. På bunden af denne titel-side er skrevet, i den velkendte fed side af Katherine Parr,--"Kateryn Quene, K.P.," med den lige så velkendte blomstre under. 2. "En svvete og devovte prædiken af hellige Saynet Ciprian af mortalitie af mennesket. Reglerne i et kristne liv foretaget Grønspætter, erle af Mirandula, både oversat til Englyshe ved Syr Thomas Elyot, Knyght. Londini, Anno verbi incarnati MDXXXIX. 3. "En opfordring til yonge mænd, & c., ved Thomas Lupsete, Londener, 1534. 4. "En afhandling af charitie, 1534. 5. "Være her Gathered Counsales i Sainete Isidorie, & c., 1539. 6. "Har en kortfattet og en meget frugtbar afhandling undervisning waye af dyenge, skrives til en frende af floure lerned mænd af hans tyme, Thomas Lupsete, londoner, sene deceassed, på hvis sowle Jesu barmhjertighed. 1541." Næsten alle disse afhandlinger udskrives ved Thomas Berthelet. Jeg ved ikke, hvis nogen af disse afhandlinger er nu knappe. På det flyver-blad modsatte første side finder vi de følgende kontopenge sætninger, der er, efter min mening, og som led i andre til hvem jeg har vist bog, åbenbart skrevet af Dronningen hånd. Det er kun nødvendigt at give først og sidste af disse sætninger: 3. "En opfordring til yonge mænd, & c., ved Thomas Lupsete, Londener, 1534. 4. "En afhandling af charitie, 1534. 5. "Være her Gathered Counsales i Sainete Isidorie, & c., 1539. Det er kun nødvendigt at give først og sidste af disse sætninger: "Delyte ikke i Þe multytude ugudelige mænd og haue ingen fornøjelse i Þem, for de feare ikke Gud. "Nægter ikke Þe bøn en yt er i problemer, og turne ikke væk dit ansigt fra nedye." Vi behøver ikke citere mere; men på den modsatte side af flyver-bladet er nogle vers et andet tegn, og som jeg mistænker for at være fra den kongelige pen af Henry VIII. Skrivningen er sjældent vanskeligt at decypher, men det er forsynet med en stærk lighed for alle, jeg har set af Henrys håndskrift. En del af vers, så vidt jeg kan gøre dem ud, er her subjoined: Respekt. "Rødme ikke, fayre nimphe, tho (nee?) af nobell blod, jeg fain avoutch det, og manerer god, Spottles i lyf, af mynd sencere og lyd, en verden af vertues i whoam giver abowend, og sith besyd yt i lycens giv withall set doughts asyd, og at nogle sportsbegivenheder falder, Therefoor, suspysion, jeg gør banyshe dig " Derefter følger en linje I kan ikke decypher, og nederst på siden er "Du vil være klart af min suspysion." 12. White Conduit House. "Delyte ikke i Þe multytude ugudelige mænd og haue ingen fornøjelse i Þem, for de feare ikke Gud. "Nægter ikke Þe bøn en yt er i problemer, og turne ikke væk dit ansigt fra nedye." Respekt. Derefter følger en linje I kan ikke decypher, og nederst på siden er "Du vil være klart af min suspysion." 12. White Conduit House. The anonymous author of The Sunday Ramble, 1774, has left us the following description of this once popular tea-gardens: "The garden is formed into several pleasing walks, prettily disposed; at the end of the principal one is a painting, which serves to render it much larger in appearance than it really is; and in the middle of the garden is a round fish-pond, encompassed with a great number of very genteel boxes for company, curiously cut into the hedges, and adorned with a variety of Flemish and other painting; there are likewise two handsome tea-rooms, one over the other, as well as several inferior ones in the dwelling-house." "White Conduit Loaves" were for a long time famous, and before the great augmentation in the price of bread, during the revolutionary war with France, they formed one of the regular "London cries." 13. Vauxhall Gardens. A curious and highly interesting description of this popular place of amusement, "a century ago," was printed in 1745, under the title of A Sketch of the Spring-Gardens, Vaux-hall, in a letter to a Noble Lord, 8vo. The anonymous author of The Sunday Ramble, 1774, has left us the following description of this once popular tea-gardens: "The garden is formed into several pleasing walks, prettily disposed; at the end of the principal one is a painting, which serves to render it much larger in appearance than it really is; and in the middle of the garden is a round fish-pond, encompassed with a great number of very genteel boxes for company, curiously cut into the hedges, and adorned with a variety of Flemish and other painting; there are likewise two handsome tea-rooms, one over the other, as well as several inferior ones in the dwelling-house." "White Conduit Loaves" were for a long time famous, and before the great augmentation in the price of bread, during the revolutionary war with France, they formed one of the regular "London cries." 13. Vauxhall Gardens. A curious and highly interesting description of this popular place of amusement, "a century ago," was printed in 1745, under the title of A Sketch of the Spring-Gardens, Vaux-hall, in a letter to a Noble Lord, 8vo. My copy is much at Mr. Cunningham's service for any future edition of his Handbook. Edward F. Rimbault. DEVOTIONAL TRACTS BELONGING TO QUEEN KATHERINE PARR. In your Number for August 10th, I observe an inquiry regarding a MS. book of prayers said to have belonged to Queen Katherine Parr. Of the book in question I know nothing, but there has lately come into my possession a volume of early English printed devotional works, which undoubtedly has belonged to this Queen. The volume is a small duodecimo, bound red velvet, with gilt leaves, and it has had ornamental borders and clasps of some metal, as the impressions of these are still distinctly visible upon the velvet covering. The contents of this volume are as follows: 1. "A sermon of Saint Chrysostome, wherein besyde that it is furnysshed with heuenly wisedome and teachinge, he wonderfully proueth that No man is hurted but of hym-selfe: translated into Englishe by the floure of lerned menne in his tyme, Thomas Lupsete, Londoner, 1534." My copy is much to Mr. Cunningham's service for any future edition of his Handbook. Edward f. Rimbault. DEVOTIONAL TRACTS BELONGING TWO QUEEN KATHERINE PARR. In your Number for August 10th, In observed an inquiry regarding (a) Ms. book of prayers said to have belonged to two Queen Katherine Parr. Of the book in question I know nothing, but there has lately come into my possession a volume of early English printed devotional works, which undoubtedly has belonged to this Queen. The volume is a small duodecimo, bound red velvet, with gilt leaves has hatred ornamental borders and clasps of some metal, as the impressions of these owners are still distinctly visible upon the velvet covering. The contents of this volume are as follows: 1. "a sermon of Saint Chrysostome, wherein besyde that it is furnysshed with heuenly wisedome and teachinge, he proueth that No one wonderfully is hurted but of hym selfe-: translated into Englishe by the floure of lerned human in his tyme, Thomas Lupsete, a Londoner, 1534." At the bottom of this title-page is written, in the well-known bold hand of Katherine Parr,--"Kateryn the Quene, K.P.," with the equally well-known flourish beneath. 2. "A svvete and devovte sermon of Holy Saynet Ciprian of mortalitie of man. The rules of a Christian life made by Picus, erle of Mirandula, both translated into Englyshe by Syr Thomas Elyot, Knyght. Londini, Anno verbi incarnati MDXXXIX. 3. "An exhortation to yonge men, &c., by Thomas Lupsete, Londener, 1534. 4. "A treatise of charitie, 1534. 5. "Here be the Gathered Counsales of Sainete Isidorie, &c., 1539. 6. "A compendious and a very fruitful treatise teaching the waye of dyenge well, written to a frende by the floure of lerned men of his tyme, Thomas Lupsete, Londoner, late deceassed, on whose sowle Jesu have mercy. Almost all these treatises are printed by Thomas Berthelet. I know not if any of these treatises are now scarce. On the fly-leaf opposite the first page we find the following scriptural sentences, which are, in my opinion, and in that of others to whom I have shown the book, evidently written by the hand of the queen. At the bottom of this title-page is written, in the well-known bold hand of Katherine Parr,--"Kateryn the Quene, K.P.," with the equally well-known flourish beneath. 2. "A svvete and devovte sermon of Holy Saynet Ciprian of mortalitie of man. The rules of a Christian life made by Picus, erle of Mirandula, both translated into Englyshe by Syr Thomas Elyot, Knyght. Londini, Anno verbi incarnati MDXXXIX. 3. "An exhortation to yonge men, &c., by Thomas Lupsete, Londener, 1534. 4. "A treatise of charitie, 1534. 5. "Here be the Gathered Counsales of Sainete Isidorie, &c., 1539. 6. "A compendious and a very fruitful treatise teaching the waye of dyenge well, written to a frende by the floure of lerned men of his tyme, Thomas Lupsete, Londoner, late deceassed, on whose sowle Jesu have mercy. Almost all these treatises are printed by Thomas Berthelet. I know not if any of these treatises are now scarce. On the fly-leaf opposite the first page we find the following scriptural sentences, which are, in my opinion, and in that of others to whom I have shown the book, evidently written by the hand of the queen. It will be only necessary to give the first and last of these sentences: "Delyte not in Þe multytude of ungodly men, and haue no pleasure in Þem, for they feare not God. "Refuse not Þe prayer of one yt is in trouble, and turne not away thy face from the nedye." We need not quote more; but on the opposite side of the fly-leaf are some verses of a different character, and which I suspect to be from the royal pen of Henry VIII. The writing is uncommonly difficult to decypher, but it bears a strong resemblance to all that I have seen of Henry's handwriting. A portion of the verses, as far as I can make them out, are here subjoined: Respect. "Blush not, fayre nimphe, tho (nee?) of nobell blod, I fain avoutch it, and of manners good, Spottles in lyf, of mynd sencere and sound, In whoam a world of vertues doth abowend, And sith besyd yt ye lycens giv withall Set doughts asyd and to some sporting fall, Therefoor, suspysion, I do banyshe thee" Then follows a line I cannot decypher, and at the bottom of the page is "You will be clear of my suspysion." It will be only necessary to give the first and last of these sentences: "Delyte not in Þe multytude of ungodly however, and no pleasure in haue Þem, for they feare not Good. "Refuse ' still appear there not Þe prayer of one yt is in trouble, and tour not away thy face from the nedye." We need not quote more; but on the opposite side of the fly-leaf are some verses of a different character, and which In could be misleading to be from the royal pen of Henry VIII. The writing is uncommonly difficult to decypher, but it bears a strong resemblance to all that I have seen of Henry's handwriting. A portion of the verses, as far as I can make them out, are here subjoined: Respect. "Blush not fayre, nimphe, tho (nee?) of nobell blood, In fain avoutch it, and of good manners, Spottles in lyf, of mynd sencere and sound, In whoam a world of vertues doth abowend, And sith besyd yt ye lycens give withall Seen doughts asyd and two some sporting fall, Therefoor, suspysion, In banyshe do thee " Then follows a line In cannot decypher, and at the bottom of the page is "You will be clear of my suspysion."
