the garden was created with many good walks, pretty disposed, at the end, there is a painting, which functions as a representation of a much larger in appearance than it really is; and in the middle of the garden is a round fish pond, which is surrounded by a great number of very genteel boxes for company, cut into hedges and adorned with a variety of Flemish and other painting; there are two nice tea-rooms, one on top of the other, as well as ugly one in the house. 

White Conduit Leaves were famous for a long time, and before the big change in price of bread, during the war with France, they formed one of the regular London cries. 

The Vauxhall Gardens had a very interesting description about it which was printed in 1745 under the A Sketch of Spring Gardens, A letter, Vaux-hall was for the Noble Lord, 8vo. My copy is pretty good as any edition of his handbook. 


i see an inquiry regarding a MS book of prayers that belonged to Queen Katherine Parr. I know nothing about the book but i have a copy of the early English printd devotional works, which belonged to the Queen. The volume has round ornamentaal borders and some clasps of metal. the content of this was as follows. 

A sermon of Saint Chrysostome, was that no man is hurted but of hym-selfe: translated in English by floure of learned menne in his time. 

At the bottom of this title page is writen by a well know Katherine Parr. with equally well-known flourish beneath. 


A sweet and devoted sermon of Holy Saynet Ciprian of mortalitie of man . the rules of a Christian life made by Picus, was traslated in English by Syr Thomasa Elyot, Knight. 


An exhortation of young men, by Thomas Lupsete. 

A treatise of charitie, 1534 

Here is the gathered counsales of Sainete Isidorie 


A compendious and very fruitful treatie teaching the ways of dyenge well, writen to a friend by flourre of learned men of his time, Thomas Lupsete, Londoner, late deceased. sowle Jesus have mercy. 1541 

Almost all these treatises are printed by Thomas Berthelet. I know not if any of these treatiess are now scarce. On the fly leaf opposite the first page we find the following scriptual sentences, which are, in my opinion and in that of others that i have shown the book evidently written by the queen. 

It will be only necessary to give these sentences. 


Delyte no of ungoldy  mean and have no pleaseure in them for they fear not God. 


Refuse not to be prayer in one is in trouble, and turn aaway your face from the needy. 

We dont need to quote, but the opposite side of the leaf are some verses of a different person, and which i suspect to be from the royal penn of Henry VIII. The writing is difficult to read, but it seems like it is the same as Henry's handwriting. a portion of the verses, I can make from them are here. 

Blush not of no bell blodd. i fain avoutch it. and manners good. spottles in of mynd sincere and sound in whoma world of vertues doth abowend and sith beyond withall Set dought and to some fall, Therefore, suspicion. i do banyshe thee. 

then follows a line i cant read, and at the bottom of this page is 

You will not be clear of my suspiscion.
