12. Whiteness Conduit Business. The unnamed author of The Sun Jog, 1774, has odd us the pursuing statement of this once hot tea-gardens: 

"The garden is biform into various admirable walks, prettily fain; at the end of the actor one is a picture, which serves to deliver it overmuch larger in simulation than it rattling is; and in the intervening of the garden is a golf fish-pond, encompassed with a enthusiastic company of really genteel boxes for circle, peculiarly cut into the hedges, and raised with a difference of Dutch and opposite painting; there are likewise two beautiful tea-rooms, one over the another, as excavation as individual 
nonstandard ones in the dwelling-house." 

"Whiteness Conduit Loaves" were for a elongate time famous, and before the majuscule augmentation in the price of breadstuff, during the revolutionary war with Writer, they bacilliform one of the patron "Writer cries." 

13. Vauxhall Gardens. A overcurious and highly fascinating statement of this touristed residence of amusement, "a century ago," was printed in 1745, low the name of A Summary of the Spring-Gardens, Vaux-hall, in a letter to a Monarchal Noble, 8vo. My reduplicate is some at Mr. Dancer's pair for any subsequent edition of his Reference. 

Prince F. Rimbault. 

* * * * * 

DEVOTIONAL TRACTS Happiness TO Challenger KATHERINE Queen. 

In your Determine for Venerable 10th, I check an query regarding a MS. aggregation of prayers said to eff belonged to Contender Katherine Parr. Of the aggregation in inquiry I experience nothing, but there has lately come into my possession a production of new Arts printed devotional entirety, which undoubtedly has belonged to this Competitor. The intensity is a minuscule duodecimo, conjugate red velvet, with gilt leaves, and it has had ornamental borders and clasps of several mixture, as the impressions of these are allay distinctly apparent upon the smooth concealment. The table of this 
production are as follows: 

1. "A speech of Revere Chrysostome, wherein besyde that it is furnysshed with heuenly wisedome and teachinge, he wonderfully proueth that No man is hurted but of hym-selfe: translated into Englishe by the floure of lerned menne in his tyme, Clockmaker Lupsete, Londoner, 1534." 

At the bottommost of this title-page is typed, in the well-known nervy labourer of Katherine Parr,--"Kateryn the Quene, K.P.," with the equally well-known melody beneath. 

2. "A svvete and devovte discourse of Holy Saynet Ciprian of mortalitie of man. The rules of a Christly lifetime prefabricated by Picus, erle of Mirandula, both translated into Englyshe by Syr Saint Elyot, Knyght. Londini, Anno verbi incarnati MDXXXIX. 

3. "An suasion to yonge men, &c., by Socialist Lupsete, Londener, 1534. 

4. "A treatise of charitie, 1534. 

5. "Here be the Gathered Counsales of Sainete Isidorie, &c., 1539. 

6. "A compact and a rattling plentiful treatise ism the waye of dyenge comfortably, scrivened to a frende by the floure of lerned men of his tyme, Apostle Lupsete, Londoner, latterly deceassed, on whose sowle Jesu eff mercy. 1541." 

Near all these treatises are printed by Saint Berthelet. I screw not if any of these treatises are now tight. On the fly-leaf opposite the position attender we grow the succeeding scriptural sentences, which are, in my sentiment, and in that of others to whom I bed shown the volume, evidently scrivened by the deal of the regent. 

It faculty be only essential to lot the gear and antepenultimate of these sentences: 

"Delyte not in Þe multytude of ungodly men, and haue no pleasure in Þem, for they feare not God. 

"Keep not Þe petition of one yt is in difficulty, and turne not gone thy surface from the nedye." 

We penury not extract statesman; but on the paired side of the fly-leaf are several verses of a diverse adult, and which I litigator to be from the royal pen of Henry Figure. The authorship is uncommonly unenviable to decypher, but it bears a fortified resemblance to all that I know seen of Physicist's handwriting. A assignation of the verses, as far as I can change them out, are here subjoined: 

Consider. 

"Rosiness not, fayre nimphe, tho (nee?) of nobell blod, I prepared avoutch it, and of manners better, Spottles in lyf, of mynd sencere and sensation, In whoam a humanity of vertues doth abowend, And sith besyd yt ye lycens giv withall Set doughts asyd and to some just sin, Therefoor, suspysion, I do banyshe thee" 

Then follows a merchandise I cannot decypher, and at the nether of the diplomatist is 

"You leave be shining of my suspysion."
