"Captain Monk has no right to be in my affairs. He should keep his nose out of everyone's business. Hopefully, my mother will welcome you with love."

Alice's emotions led her into tears. "Please to let it be forever," she asked. "Your words will for surely turn me away."

"I will let time tell. I have more reasons than one. Always remember you are my wife Alice."

Mr. Harry Carradyne strong as a soldier should be took a couple of kisses from her lips to make his point.

IV.

Time passed by without much of notice. Mr. Hamlyn's West Indian estate had been giving him a lot of trouble and he felt he needed to go over occasionally to look after it in person. When he was away from his estate he would stay with his wife in Peacock's Range or London. Their home was at Bryanstone Square, a lovely small house.

Autumn had been cold and damp. The skys were grey and snow fell in Novemember. One dreary day Mrs. Hamlyn was shaking over her fireplace and demanded more coal.

"Is Master Walter here yet?" she asked of the peasants.

"No! He is playing in the front of the house."

She went to look out the window. He was running around the garden with his nurse by his side. He was a stout little fellow. His mother, wishing to make him stronger, sent him out in all kinds of weathes, and the boy loved it. He was three years old now and looked like he was five. He was as intelligent as some children are at five or six. Her heart bounced with a strange happiness only every time she saw him. He was her chief purpose in life, her joy. Whether he would leave to Leet Hall she had no idea. Captain Monk had not mentioned no more about the subject, for or against the matter.

She has longed for it. She wanted to please deceased uncle, but what about Harry Carradyne? It was just as wrong being his father's oldest and only son the boy would inherit a fine estate and become wealthy, but his mother must give him the Leet Hall as well.

She loved watching her son play. A little bit of snowflakes were beginning to fall, and night would soon be drawing on, but she would not get him to come in. Standing near the window, it gradually grew upon her to check out something was standing back against the opposite rails, looking straight at the houses. A young, fair woman, with a streak of light hair she was draped in a tight dark cloak which served to conceal her body, just as the veil she wore hid her face.

"I believe it is this house she is looking at so attentively at me," thought Mrs. Hamlyn. "What can she possibly want from me?"

The woman did not move away and Mrs. Hamlyn did not move they remained gazing at one another. Presently Walter ran into the room, laughing in glee at having scared his nurse. His mother turned, caught him in her arms and kissed him greatfully. He was a lovable, generous child, and very pretty with great big brown eyes and curly hair. His life was all sunshine, like a butterfly on a flower. His path was of roses without their thorns.

"Mother, I've got a picture book come and look at it," cried the excited voice, as he drug his mother to the hearthrug and opened the picture-book in the quickiness. "Penelope got it for me."

She sat down on a chair with the book on her lap and one arm round him, her joy. Penelope waited to take off his hat and coat, and was told to come for him in ten minutes.

"It's not time for tea." cried he defiantly.

"Yes, Master Walter, it is long time past it," said the nurse. "I couldn't get him in before" she told to her mistress. "Every time I kept expecting you'd be sending one of the servants to come get us."

"In ten minutes," said Mrs. Hamlyn. "And what's this picture about, Walter? Is it a little girl with a lovely doll?"
