Excuses and requests for help rained from his mouth. While she listened, she was not moved by his words and asked a priest to talk with him. After this, he was hit repeatedly with a sword to the head. Even with a coat of mail blocking some of the damage there was nothing that could be done to help as he slithered away from the attack... 

Louis XIV would make trips to Fontainebleau as often as possible throughout his life. Even after he built the amazing homes of Versailles and Marly, Louis made his entire family and followers accompany him. There was no possible excuse as he just had them come by ship if they were unable to go at first. Louis chose to sleep at the Duc d'Antin's house, or at Marechal de Villeroy's home if his first option failed. 

It was in 1661 in Fontainebleau that the Grand Dauphin was born. Not only that, but it was also where the King first asked Mme. de Maintenon for advice. He was wondering whether or not he should take the throne of Spain in place of the Duc dAnjou. It was not until 1685 that Louis signed the cancelation of the edict of Naples in Fontainebleau. It was in this palace tha the amazing Conde passed away. So many events occured in this place. For example, in 1725 Louis XV married Marie Leczinska. It was only forty years later that their son Dauphin died. However the palace also had many simple pleasures such as it's hunting facilities which Louis XIV was thrilled with.

Post the french revolution the chateau saw many wonderful yet awful events occur. It was here that Pope, Pius VII unwillingly signed away his short sovereignty to Napolean I. After this resignation of sorts the chateau still saw Napolean bid ado to his soldiers before heading to Elba. The name of this historical chateau was the Cour du Cheval-Blanc. It was the biggest of all the courts and has recently been called the Cour des Adieux because of Napoleans good bye in 1814. While there are many buildings surrounding the court, one of the originals was removed in 1810 and a grille moved in.

The court is made up of five pavillions. These have roofs as high as the eye can see as well as buildings 2 floors up. For Louis XV a special twisted staircase  was created. The beautiful masterpiece was created by Lemercier. On the right there is a multitude of buildings called the Aile Neuve of Louis XV. These buildings destroyed many precious pieces from artists such as Primaticcio and Niccolo dell Abbate.

The Cour de la Fontaine was built farther west and the Galerie de Francois was formed in the front. Further away is the "great tank" where an advisor to an eight year old Gaston d' Orleans was thrown for speaking rudely. The court changes often. The fountain, which inspired the courts name was once decorated by Serlios work wheras now it is made up of Petitot's wprst pieces. Then on the left is the Porte Doree which was built under Francois. He had it decorated and lavished with Primaticcio's paintings. This is the same spot where Charles V arrived at in 1539.

In present times there is a staircase that goes along to the first floor. At the end is Napolean I's rooms. All around is evidence of the First Empire style. There have been many momentous occasions that took place in these rooms. For example, the cabinet de l'Abdication is where Napolean gave up his power. His sleeping quarters led to the Salon de Famille of Louis Philippe. All the rooms are designed by Boucher, the best of the time. It was also here that the Marechal de Biron was thrown in jail just as he was leaving.
