She listened patiently to his excuses, but was utterly unmoved by them
and his entreaties for mercy. She provided a priest to confess him, after which he was slowly
butchered by blows with a sword on the head and face, as he dragged himself along the floor,
his body being defended by a coat of mail....

Even after the creation of the palaces of Versailles and Marly, Louis XIV. continued to make
an annual "voyage de Fontainebleau." He compelled his whole court to follow him; if any of
his family were ill, and unable to travel by road, he made them come by water; for himself,
he slept on the way, either at the house of the Duc d'Antin (son of Mme. de Montespan) or of
the Marechal de Villeroy.

It was here that the Grand Dauphin was born, in 1661. Here, also, it was that Mme. de Maintenon
first appeared at the councils, and that the king publicly asked her advice as to whether he
should accept the throne of Spain for the Duc d' Anjou. Here, also, in 1685, he signed the
revocation of the edict of Nantes. The great Conde died in the palace. Louis XV. was married
here to Marie Leczinska in 1725; and here the Dauphin, his son, died in 1765. Louis XIV. delighted
in Fontainebleau for its hunting facilities.

After the Revolution, Napoleon I. restored the chateau and prepared it for Pius VII. who came
to France to crown him, and was here (January 25, 1813) induced to sign the famous Concordat
de Fontainebleau, by which he abjured his temporal sovereignty. The chateau which witnessed
the abdication of the Pope, also saw that of Napoleon I., who made his touching farewell to
the soldiers of the Vielle-Garde in the Cour du Cheval-Blanc, before setting off for Elba....
The Cour du Cheval-Blanc, the largest of the five courts of the palace, took its name from
a plaster copy of the horse of Marcus Aurelius at Rome, destroyed 1626. Recently it has been
called the Cour des Adieux, on account of the farewell of Napoleon I. in 1814. It was once
surrounded by buildings on all sides; one was removed in 1810, and replaced by a grille.

The principal facade is composed of five pavilions with high roofs, united by buildings two
stories high. The beautiful twisted staircase in front of the central pavilion was executed
by Lemercier for Louis XIII., and replaces a staircase by Philbert Delorme. Facing this pavilion,
the mass of buildings on the right is the Aile Neuve of Louis XV., built on the site of the
Galerie d'Ulysse, to the destruction of the precious works of Primaticcio and Niccolo dell'
Abbate, with which it was adorned. Below the last pavilion, near the grille, was the Grotte
du Jardin-des-pins, where James V. of Scotland, coming over to marry Magdalen of France, daughter
of Francois I., watched her bathing with her ladies, by the aid of a mirror....

To the west of the Cour du Cheval-Blanc, and communicating with it, is the Cour de la Fontaine,
the main front of which is formed by the Galerie de Francois I. This faces the great tank,
into which Gaston d' Orleans, at eight years old, caused one of the courtiers to be thrown,
whom he considered to have spoken to him disrespectfully. One side of the Cour de la Fontaine,
that toward the Jardin Anglais, is terminated by a pavilion of the time of Louis XV.; the other,
formerly decorated with statues is attributed to Serlio. The fountain from which the court
takes its name has been often changed; a poor work by Petitot now replaces the grand designs
of the time of Francois I. and Henri IV. Beyond this court we find, on the left, the Porte
Doree, which faces the Chaussee de Maintenon, between the Etang and Parterre; it was built
under Francois I., and decorated by Primaticcio with paintings, restored in 1835. It was by
this entrance that Charles V. arrived at the palace in 1539....

A staircase now leads to the first floor, and we enter the apartments of Napoleon I., all furnished
in the style of the First Empire. The cabinet de l'Abdication is the place where he resigned
his power. His bedroom (containing the bed of Napoleon I., the cradle of the King of Rome,
and a cabinet of Marie Louise) leads to the Salle du Conseil, which was the Salon de Famille
under Louis Philippe. Its decorations are by Boucher, and are the best of the period. It was
in leaving this room that the Marechal de Biron was arrested under Henri IV., in a cabinet
which is now thrown into the adjoining Salle du Trone, (previously the bedroom of the Bourbon
kings), dating from Charles IV., but decorated under Louis XIII.
