"As soon as the singer began singing his third song I became asphyxiated and felt cold all over my body. I was surrounded by vast darkness and further ahead were hordes of vague ghostlike beings. Far in the distance I saw two tall pillared thrones. On one of the thrones I could see the dark outlines of a man, and on the other a woman. She resembled a queen, a ghost queen with her great gray eyes which shone in the darkness and reflected off her pale marble-like skin. In front of the queen and her man another figure was singing. This song, so sad and beautiful, induced tears rolling down the cheeks of the ghosts in front of me. And then, all of a sudden the figure stopped singing but gave a great cry of joy, and the singer dissapeared with a blinding white flash which blazed past me. 
Yet still I stood there in the darkness, with the ghosts and thrones glowing in the distance. An eternity passed in silence until an awful shriek of desperate pain and anguish breached through the air, and the white form was there again, and it flashed past me once more and then the whole thing vanished. I found myself back in the drawing-room, dazed and exhausted, and I had to leave."

THE CRICKET MATCH AN INCIDENT AT A PRIVATE SCHOOL

To Winston Churchill

It was a broiling hot Saturday in June for St. James's School and it's forty boys. The school was playing a cricket match against Chippenfield's, and the whole school, except the eleven players, were gathered together near a pavillion on a steep grassy bank faced against the cricket grounds. One of the masters sat in the pavillion keeping the scores. It was displayed on a large board, recorded in big white figures on black squares. Two of the boys found shelter from the sun under the scoreboard but most of them were sitting on the grass in front of the pavillion.

A coin was tossed to determine which team played first. St. James's won the toss and scored 5 for the first wicket, but then their fortune seemed to be depleted. As the last wicket fell an hour and five minutes had passed and they had only made 27 runs. Their two best men, Wormald and Bell minor, had both failed to score a single point, and their trusted captain, Hitchens, was caught out in his first over.

Then it was Chippenfield's turn. Their batsmen were unbeatable for Blundell and Anderson minor, St. James's fast bowlers. At 70 the first wicket went down.

As the onlookers grew more and more enervated, three of the boys, Gordon, Smith and Hart minor, decided to wander off. They went up the slope of the hill towards a wooden scaffolding. It's purpose was to let off fireworks on the 5th of November. On that day figures of Liberal politicians such as Mr. Gladstone and Mr. Chamberlain, a Radical at that time, were burned under the supervision of the headmaster, who was a fanatical Conservative. The vast majority of the school boys would then cheer and kick the liberal boys, of whom there were only eight.

The three little boys, about eleven years old, were in the school's third division. They were not on the cricket team, nor could they ever hope to rise to that glory, which provided the privilige of discarding the gray flannel trousers for white ones, and wearing a white flannel cap with a red Maltese cross on it. They were beginning to feel disheartened at the sight of this seemingly endless game, with each passing minute the victory further away from their own side.

The boys improvised a game of their own, an entierly simple and childish one but greatly satisfying. It consisted of one boy climbing up the scaffolding and throwing dried horse chestnuts from the top into the mouth of a boy at the bottom. It did not take long until they were all caught up in the game, paying no heed to any disturbance when all of a sudden one of the masters, Mr. Whitehead appeared. He was furious, his face red with anger and he was biting his knuckles.

"Go indoors" he said. "At once. Go up to your division school-room and copy out the Greek irregular verbs for two hours."

The boys were thoroughly surprised but accepted the masters order, as the accepted every order whithout questioning. They hurried off to the school-room, seemingly not very crestfallen. It was swaggeringly hot outdoors; the room was cool and comfortable.
