Then when the singer began his third song
I felt cold all over, and at the same time half suffocated, as people say they feel when they
are nearly drowning. I realised that I was in a huge, dark, empty space, and round me and far
off in front of me were vague shadowy forms; and in the distance there was something which
looked like two tall thrones, pillared and dim. And on one of the thrones there was the dark
form of a man, and on the other a woman like a queen, pale as marble, and unreal as a ghost,
with great grey eyes that shone like moons. In front of them was another form, and he was singing
a song, and the song was so sad and so beautiful that tears rolled down the shadowy cheeks
of the ghosts in front of me. And all at once the singer gave a great cry of joy, and something
white and blinding flashed past me and disappeared, and he with it. But I remained in the same
place with the dark ghosts far off in front of me. And I seemed to be there an eternity till
I heard a cry of desperate pain and anguish, and the white form flashed past me once more,
and vanished, and with it the whole thing, and I was back again in the drawing-room, and I
felt faint and giddy, and could not stay there any longer."

THE CRICKET MATCH AN INCIDENT AT A PRIVATE SCHOOL

To Winston Churchill

It was a Saturday afternoon in June. St. James's School was playing a cricket match against
Chippenfield's. The whole school, which consisted of forty boys, with the exception of the
eleven who were playing in the match, were gathered together near the pavilion on the steep,
grassy bank which faced the cricket ground. It was a swelteringly hot day. One of the masters
was scoring in the pavilion; two of the boys sat under the post and board where the score was
recorded in big white figures painted on the black squares. Most of the boys were sitting on
the grass in front of the pavilion.

St. James's won the toss and went in first. After scoring 5 for the first wicket they collapsed;
in an hour and five minutes their last wicket fell. They had only made 27 runs. Fortune was
against St. James's that day. Hitchens, their captain, in whom the school confidently trusted,
was caught out in his first over. And Wormald and Bell minor, their two best men, both failed
to score.

Then Chippenfield's went in. St. James's fast bowlers, Blundell and Anderson minor, seemed
unable to do anything against the Chippenfield's batsmen. The first wicket went down at 70.

The boys who were looking on grew listless: three of them, Gordon, Smith, and Hart minor, wandered
off from the pavilion further up the slope of the hill, where there was a kind of wooden scaffolding
raised for letting off fireworks on the 5th of November. The headmaster, who was a fanatical
Conservative, used to burn on that anniversary effigies of Liberal politicians such as Mr.
Gladstone and Mr. Chamberlain, who was at that time a Radical; while the boys whose politics
were Conservative, and who formed the vast majority, cheered, and kicked the Liberals, of whom
there were only eight.

Smith, Gordon, and Hart minor, three little boys aged about eleven, were in the third division
of the school. They were not in the eleven, nor had they any hopes of ever attaining that glory,
which conferred the privilege of wearing white flannel instead of grey flannel trousers, and
a white flannel cap with a red Maltese cross on it. To tell the truth, the spectacle of this
seemingly endless game, in which they did not have even the satisfaction of seeing their own
side victorious, began to weigh on their spirits.

They climbed up on to the wooden scaffolding and organised a game of their own, an utterly
childish game, which consisted of one boy throwing some dried horse chestnuts from the top
of the scaffolding into the mouth of the boy at the bottom. They soon became engrossed in their
occupation, and were thoroughly enjoying themselves, when one of the masters, Mr. Whitehead
by name, came towards them with a face like thunder, biting his knuckles, a thing which he
did when he was very angry.

"Go indoors at once," he said. "Go up to the third division school-room and do two hours' work.
You can copy out the Greek irregular verbs."

The boys, taken completely by surprise, but accepting this decree as they accepted everything
else, because it never occurred to them it could be otherwise, trotted off, not very disconsolate,
to the school-room. It was very hot out of doors; it was cool in the third division school-room.
