
She had been with us some time, when one morning we had a visitor come to spend the day at
Beecham. This lady was not old, yet she had the most wrinkled, aged face I ever saw. When she
was gone, Harry, who never minded what he said, asked grandmamma about her, and cried out in
surprise when he heard that she had been his own father's playfellow.

"You think Mrs. Mowbray looks double as old as papa, do you?" said grandmamma. "Ah, it is trouble
that has aged her. You would not wonder at all those lines and wrinkles if you knew all the
sorrow and grief her own poor boys have given her through their sin and wilfulness!"

Lottie and I looked at each other, and then glanced slily at Miss Grant, but I don't think
she noticed us. When we were alone again, we resolved that we would try ever so hard to be good.

"Because, you know, Sissy, it wouldn't be nice if Miss Grant were to get her face all puckered
and creasy like that, just as if it wanted ironing out, as Susette did with my frock when Murray
scrunched it all up under his pillow to hide it. But I suppose you couldn't iron out your face!"

Anyhow, I agreed with Lottie not to run any risks, and I do not think we did. At least, all
my memories of that happy year at Beecham are mingled with the bright, merry, gentle friend
who made easy all the lessons that could be easy, and gave me courage for those that had to
be hard; and against whose shoulder I loved to nestle, and listen to Bible-stories with those
little hints in them which always set me thinking of my own faults and duties, and made me
long to do right, and be the good little Christian girl she wished me to be.

Little reader, dear, are you making lines on anybody's forehead?

VII.

HURRAH FOR THE HOLIDAYS!

And yet, however pleasant lessons might be, there is no doubt that holidays were pleasant things,
too. Saturday afternoons were always welcome, and all the weeks through we were planning what
we would do when they came. Of course these plans were sometimes upset by a rainy day; but,
even then, what with battledore and shuttlecock, painting and spinning tops, we contrived to
make out the time very happily.

And before us all the while was the bright, pleasant prospect of the long summer holidays.

Every now and then during these happy months the thought of home came across me, and sometimes
one of mamma's letters would have in it so much about Bobby and his play, and his prattle about
Sissy's coming back, that I grew a little home-sick and looked wistfully into grandmamma's
face as she read the letter. This would always make her say: "You don't want to go home, little
one? Aren't you very happy here with Lottie and the boys? And you are getting on so nicely
with your books, too; mamma is so pleased to have you with so many little schoolfellows, and
kind Miss Grant to teach you! And we are going to have all kinds of pleasant treats in the
holidays. No, no, we must keep you another month or two! Perhaps we will send you home when
the cold weather comes!" So I ran away again to make plans with Lottie about all the many things
that must be done the very first day of no lessons.

Then came the last time of history, and the last dreadful sums, and the last copy written,
and the last hard French words learnt, and then, happiest of all, the last putting away of
books and cleaning of slates! It almost makes me take that long breath for joy even now only
to remember that happy day.

"And don't you think I'm the happiest of us all?" said Miss Grant; "I am the only one really
going home for the holidays!"

Which remark was a great relief to my little mind, for I had been afraid we must seem a great
deal too glad that she was going. Now I could venture on my very loudest "hurrah," which, after
all, was but a feeble imitation of the boys' loud cheers.

You know, anticipation is the best part of every pleasure; in easier words, everything looks
brighter before it comes than when it is come. I think that was very nearly the happiest day
of my whole year at Beecham, when I sat on the floor watching the last things put into Miss
Grant's box, and chattering away about the happy days coming. You see, for a long time I had
got up every morning with the thought of how many good marks I should get, and of how those
hard letters and figures were to be made, and though I had made many a brave fight and won
many a delightful victory over the books, yet it was very nice to think that to-morrow I should
awake with the holiday feeling instead.
