When we were looking something related with the Greek epic, we came to see a different styled statue. It is purely made by outline and flawless proportions and it was looking as different from natural human beauty. During our experience we were also reminding about one of the richly painted and highly decorated idols of India.  It was having more than two hands and also too many heads.  

Scholars are facing more difficult to determine the actual period of the "Rámáyana." But commonly scholars generally agree that it had been belonged to the third century that is exactly occurred before Christ, in its original form. But they also doubt that after its original period, period by period some portions were added even during the Christian era. It is also suggested that this is also considered as one of the sacred books.  Moreover, entire content of this sacred epic is purely based on forgiveness of sin and prosperity. That is the Ramayana is telling exactly about wrong desire on women especially other man’s wife. One of the traditional Sanskrit poets Valmiki is its author and he was only created this grand work originally.  Then gradually the same Sanskrit work was restated, re handled and translated in so many languages especially in Tamil by so many periodical authors.  They had been included so may poems and versions additionally to make it so interested.  Actually the Ramayana poems were consisted of twenty four thousand verses and they were all fundamentally packed and based on overgenerous and familiar incidents of real facts and moral. The entire story was beginning from the city of Ayodhya, the modern Oudh and it was described as traditional place with glowing colors of silver and gold palaces, health, beauty and prosperity etc…..
In by-gone ages built and planned by sainted Manu's princely hand." 
In the epic Ramayana, king Dasaratha (Rajah) was mourning in childlessness.  He is one of the princes come down from the sun and he is struggling to challenge with some kinds of threats due to his childlessness. Finally he decided to create a “yaha” that means he started to  appeal to the Gods through some special pooja and rituals called the Asva-medha yaga.  In this special asva medha yaga he sacrificed a horse as the victim.  The religious rituals are performed with telling Vedas (sacred Sanskrit songs) by the saints and finally at the close of the ceremony the high priest declared to the king four sons called Rama, Baradha, satruka and  lakshman. 
Among them Rama is elder son of king (Rajah) Dhasaradha and he is a typical Hindu religious heroic type personality with great moral and high spirituality. He married a girl called Sita who is very fair with powerful chastity. Once for some period, when they were living in a jungle due to some political reason, the demon of Sri Lanka Ravana cunningly carried her away to his palace without knowledge of Rama.   When he carried her in his chariot to Sri Lanka, (now this is Ceylon) the fair city built on an island of the sea Rama tried to take her back with the assistance of a large army of monkeys under the head of Hanuman.  Rama marched towards Lanka with money force. Since India is separated from Lanka by water, they are helpless to do anything further for their success. So they decided to get help from the goddess of the sea.  When they prayed for her help, she appeared over the sea with radiant elegant look and she advised cleverly how to make a bridge over the sea and waves between Ayothya and Sri Lanka.  With the amazing help of the monkeys, they made a bridge with timber, sand and stones, towards Sri Lanka.  When they reached Lanka reached, the battle began again vigorously.  Indra who is god of spiritual saints sent from his heaven his own chariot down to Ráma.  After a long war, in the climax the spiritual king Rama won the demon Ravana in a single combat.  Finally the queen, wife of Rama restored safely and came back to her husband. 
The poet Valmigi says “where breathes the man can listen to the strain” if you listen the flow of neither neither breathe of valmigi in music nor feel his feet the path of bliss attains when Ráma's glory by the saint is sung? 
As a spiritual king Rama left his sacred evidence to this world and its prosperity. Due to his moral living style the whole world has become free from sin. The Prince of Hermits is the parent mount; the lordly Ráma is the darling sea. 
As a spiritual king and his high style of living with great loyalty and discipline, glory to him whose fame is ever bright! Glory to him, Preacher’s holy son! Whose pure lips will advise ever -new delight,  the nectar-sea of deeds by Ráma done. 
He is surely platonic, arch-ascetic, religious, good and kind.  Hail, the poet of Ramayana Saint Válmíki is lord of every one.   Hail, holy recluse, calm and pure of mind.  Hail, as first of Bards, Válmíki, hail once more.  
BOOK I 
CANTO I 
NARAD 
Om. 
To saint Nárad or Naradar who is efficient in four Vedas, sutras, morals religion ceremonies, having brilliance to determine human being’s fate etc. He is a  man of prince. He was sincerely disciplined in whole world and humanbeing and every living being’s care and chief delight.  There were so many sastras and scriptures about him found in traditional Tamil Language and Sanskrit Vedas. The platonic recluse and saint Válmíki, is till date considered as one of the best of hermit saints. "In this whole world, I pray thee.   
He is so virtuous, heroic and this is true. He is very firm in his giving spiritual words to you with grateful mind. He is a sacred man who thinks always about human and other living beings’ good and kind. 

He has plentiful of kindness and sacredness and holy, just and wise, he is alone always most fair to all men's eyes.  He is completely free from all kinds of envy, firm and sage.
His tranquil soul will never think about anger.  When his warrior wrath is high, Gods will be embattled fear and fly.  He is very noble person and with gentle skill.  The triple world can be saved from ill by his spiritual power. He is the best of princes, he will make to see his beloved people to see good and prosperity always. He is also the store of bliss, the living human God. He will be always radiating brightest joys and shining virtues. He is one of the best and dearest friends for Queen Fortune. People those are worshipping him will attend the choicest gifts. He will be comparable with visible bright planets such as the sun and the moon.  He will be always closely related with God Indra, Vishnu, Fire, and Air. He will certainly grant the Saint divine, the boon as per their request. For thee, I do everything as an easy task. To whom the power is given to know If such a man breathe here below."
