Or rather,
we are reminded of one of the highly painted and richly decorated idols of India, with their
many heads and many hands: but when we turn to the Greek epic we stand before a statue of pure
outline, flawless proportions, and more than human beauty.

It is difficult to fix the date of the "Rámáyana." Scholars generally agree that it belongs
to the third century before Christ, in its original form, but that some recent portions were
added even during the Christian era. It is reckoned as one of the sacred books, and the study
of it is supposed to bring forgiveness of sin, and prosperity. Its author is thought to have
been the famous poet Válmíki, but the work has evidently been rehandled several times, and
there are three versions of the poems still extant. The poem consists of twenty-four thousand
verses, and the story of it--now overlaid as it is with extravagant and fabulous accretions--is
evidently founded on fact. The scene of the poem is laid in the city of Ayodhyá, the modern
Oudh, which is described in glowing colors as a place of health, beauty, and prosperity--

    "In by-gone ages built and planned
    By sainted Manu's princely hand."

In the splendid palace of the Rajah, at Oudh, lives Daśaratha, mourning in childlessness. He
is one of the princes descended from the sun, and his line now threatens to become extinct.
He determines to appeal to the Gods by the Asva-medha, the great sacrifice in which a horse
is the victim. The rites accordingly are performed with unparalleled magnificence, and, at
the close of the ceremony, the high priest declares to the king--

    "Four sons, O Monarch, shall be thine,
    Upholders of the royal line."

Among the offspring duly granted to Daśaratha is Ráma, who is a typical Hindoo of the heroic
type. His fair wife, Sítá, is carried off by the demon Ravana, who had assumed the form of
a humble priest, or ascetic, in order to gain access to her. He carries her in his chariot
to Lanka, the fair city built on an island of the sea. By the assistance of a large army of
monkeys, Ráma marches against Lanka, and when they stand helpless--for the water separates
them from Ceylon--he then invokes the goddess of the sea, as Achilles did Thetis, and she comes
in radiant beauty, telling them how to bridge the waves. The monkeys bring timber and stones,
the bridge is built, Lanka reached, and the battle begins. Indra sends his own chariot down
from heaven to Ráma, who mounts it, and vanquishes Ravana in single combat, upon which Sítá
is restored to her husband.

    Where breathes the man can listen to the strain
    That flows in music from Válmíki's tongue,
    Nor feel his feet the path of bliss attain
    When Ráma's glory by the saint is sung?

    The stream Rámáyan leaves its sacred fount
    The whole wide world from sin and stain to free.
    The Prince of Hermits is the parent mount,
    The lordly Ráma is the darling sea.

    Glory to him whose fame is ever bright!
    Glory to him, Prachet's holy son!
    Whose pure lips quaff with ever-new delight
    The nectar-sea of deeds by Ráma done.

    Hail, arch-ascetic, pious, good, and kind!
    Hail, Saint Válmíki, lord of every lore!
    Hail, holy Hermit, calm and pure of mind!
    Hail, First of Bards, Válmíki, hail once more!

BOOK I

CANTO I

NARAD

Om.

    To sainted Nárad, prince of those
    Whose lore in words of wisdom flows,
    Whose constant care and chief delight
    Were Scripture and ascetic rite,
    The good Válmíki, first and best
    Of hermit saints, these words addressed:--
    "In all this world, I pray thee, who
    Is virtuous, heroic, true?
    Firm in his vows, of grateful mind,
    To every creature good and kind?
    Bounteous, and holy, just, and wise,
    Alone most fair to all men's eyes?
    Devoid of envy, firm, and sage,
    Whose tranquil soul ne'er yields to rage?
    Whom, when his warrior wrath is high,
    Do Gods embattled fear and fly?
    Whose noble might and gentle skill
    The triple world can guard from ill?
    Who is the best of princes, he
    Who loves his people's good to see?
    The store of bliss, the living mine
    Where brightest joys and virtues shine?
    Queen Fortune's best and dearest friend,
    Whose steps her choicest gifts attend?
    Who may with Sun and Moon compare,
    With Indra, Vishnu, Fire, and Air?
    Grant, Saint divine, the boon I ask,
    For thee, I ween, an easy task,
    To whom the power is given to know
    If such a man breathe here below."
