
But there was one difference between the outrages of 1740 and 1914. The great barrator made
no hypocritical pretence of desiring peace. It was reserved for Harnack and Hauptmann, not
to speak of the Kaiser, to cant about the responsibilities of "Kul-tur" (that harlot of the
German dictionary, debased by all ignoble uses), about the hastening of the kingdom of heaven,
and about the German sword being sanctified by God. But the old German Adam remained, and when,
two days before the declaration of war with France, the German soldiers were flying to the
Belgian frontier there was no thought of the Archduke Ferdinand or of the doddering old man
on the Austrian throne, whose paternal heart had been sorely wounded. Germany was out to rob
France of her colonies--to rob her, and the Germans knew it.

"A few centuries may have to run their course," said their own poet Goethe (who surely knew
the German soul), "before it can be said of the German people, 'It is a long time since they
were barbarians.'"

Such, then, were some of the events in the great drama of the war which took place in Germany
before the rising of the curtain. Not a theologian, a philosopher, an historian, or a poet
to recall the past of his country, to warn it not to repeat the crime of a century and a half
before, which had stained its name for ever before the tribunals of man and God; not a statesman
to remind a generation that was too young to remember 1870 of the miseries and horrors of war,
for (alas for the welfare of the world!) the one great German voice that could have done so
with searching and scorching eloquence (the voice of Bebel) had only just been silenced by
the grave. And so it came to pass that Germany, in the last days of July 1914, presented the
pitiful spectacle of a great nation being lured on to its moral death-agony amid canting appeals
to the Almighty, and wild outbursts of popular joy.

A CONVERSATION WITH LORD ROBERTS

Meantime what had been happening among ourselves? The far-off murmur of the approaching wind
had been heard by all of us, but as none can hope to describe the effect on the whole Empire,
perhaps each may be allowed to indicate the character of the warning as it came to his own
ears. It was at Naples, not long after the event, that I heard how the late King had felt about
his last visit to Berlin. I was then on my way home from Egypt, where I had spent some days
at Mena, while Lord Roberts was staying there on his way back from the Soudan. He seemed restless
and anxious. On two successive mornings I sat with him for a long hour in the shade of the
terraces which overlook the Pyramids discussing the "German danger." After the great soldier
had left for Cairo he wrote asking me to regard our conversations as confidential; and down
to this moment I have always done so, but I see no harm now (quite the reverse of harm) in
repeating the substance of what he said so many years ago on a matter of such infinite momentousness.

"Do you really attach importance to this scare of a German invasion?" I asked.

"I'm afraid I do," said Lord Roberts.

"You think an enemy army could be landed on our shores?"

"As things are now, yes, I think it could."

"Do you think you could land an army on the East Coast of England and march on to London?"

"Yes, I do."

"In a thick fog, of course?" "Without a fog," said Lord Roberts. After that he described in
detail the measures we ought to take to make such an attack impossible and I hasten to add
that, so far as I can see and know, the precautionary measures he recommended have all been
taken since the outbreak of the war.

"WE'LL FIGHT AND FIGHT SOON"

By that time I had, in common with the majority of my countrymen who travelled much abroad,
been compelled to recognize the ever-increasing hostility of the German and British peoples
whenever they encountered each other on the highways of the world--their constant cross-purposes
on steamships, in railway trains, hotels, casinos, post and telegraph offices--making social
intercourse difficult and friendship impossible. The overbearing manners of many German travellers,
their aggressive and domineering selfishness, which always demanded the best seats, the best
rooms, and the first attention, was year by year becoming more and more intolerable to the
British spirit. It cannot be said that we acquiesced. Indeed, it must be admitted that our
country-people usually met the German claims to be the supermen of Europe with rather unnecessary
self-assertion.
