But there constituted one difference 'tween the outrages of 1740 and 1914. The great barrator made no insincere feigning of wanting peace of mind. It was reserved for Harnack and Hauptmann, not to speak of the Kaiser, to cant about the duties of "Kul-tur" (that prostitute of the German language lexicon, adulterated by completely dishonourable uses), about the hastening of the kingdom of heaven, and about the Teutonic blade being sanctified by God. But the old German Adam stayed on, and when, 2 days ahead the announcement of warfare with France, the German soldiers were taking flight to the Belgian frontier there was no thought of the Archduke Ferdinand or of the doddery old man on the Austrian throne, whose agnate heart had been painfully bruised. Germany was out to fleece France of her colonies--to fleece her, and the Germans recognized it.

"A few centuries might have to run their course," said their own poet Johann Wolfgang von Goethe (who certainly acknowledged the German psyche), "earlier it can be said of the German masses, 'it's a long time since they were savages.'"

Such, then, were a few of the issues in the avid drama of the war which occurred in Germany prior to the rising of the drape. Not a theologist, a philosopher, an historian, or a poet to reminiscence the past of his nation, to admonish it not to duplicate the crime of a century and a half before, which had besmirched its name eternally before the judicatures of human beings and God; not a national leader to prompt a generation that was too young to recall 1870 of the wretchednesses and repulsions of war, for (unfortunately for the benefit of the Earth!) the one avid German voice that could have done so with exploring and blackening eloquence (the voice of Bebel) had only just been quietened by the grave. And so it came to pass that Germany, in the cracks of doom of July 1914, bestowed the miserable spectacle of an eminent country being enticed on to its ethical death-agony amid canting solicitations to the God Almighty, and barbaric outbursts of popular joyfulness.

A CONVERSATION WITH LORD ROBERTS

In the meantime what had been going on among ourselves? The far-off murmuring of the forthcoming breaking wind had been heard by all of us, but as none can desire to distinguish the consequence on the whole Empire, possibly each may be permitted to indicate the character of the admonition as it came to his own ears. It was at Naples, not long after the event, that I discovered how the belated King had felt about his last visit to Berlin. I was then on my way home from Egypt, where I had spent a few days at Mena, as Lord Roberts was staying there on his way back from the Soudan. He appeared uneasy and apprehensive. On 2 consecutive mornings I sat with him for a long 60 minutes in the shade of the terraces which overlook the Great Pyramid* talking about the "German peril." After the great soldier had left for Cairo he dropped a line asking me to consider our conversations as classified; and down to this minute I have always done so, but I ascertain no harm now (quite the reverse of harm) in recapitulating the substance of what he said so many years ago on a matter of such boundless momentousness.

"Do you genuinely attach importance to this scare of a German intrusion?" I enquired.

"I am afraid I do," stated Lord Roberts.

"You believe an enemy army could be set down on our shores?"

"As affairs are at present, yes, I believe it could."

"Do you believe you could land an army on the eastern sea-coast of England and advance to London?"

"Yes, I do."

"In a dense mist, of course?" "Without a mist," said Lord Roberts. After that he described in detail the measures we had better to take to attain such an onslaught inconceivable and I expedite to add that, so far as I can ascertain and acknowledge, the preventative measures he advocated have all been adopted since the outbreak of the war.

"WE'LL fight back AND FIGHT SOON"

By that time I had, in common with the absolute majority of my countrymen who journeyed a good deal abroad, been obliged to accredit the ever-increasing aggression of the German and British peoples whenever they came across one another on the highways of the world--their incessant cross-purposes on steamers, in railway trains, hotels, casinos, post and telegraph offices--making social intercourse hard and friendship impossible. The domineering ways of numerous German travellers, their belligerent and tyrannising selfishness, which always necessitated the best seating, the finest suite, and the first attention, was year by year turning increasingly impermissible to the British spirit. It can't be said that we assented. Indeed, it must be acknowledged that our country-people normally met the German arrogates to be the supermen of Europe with rather inessential self-assertion.
