Like others of his school, he protests against being thought an enemy to Christianity.
His two works 'The True Gospel of Jesus Christ asserted,' and 'The True Gospel of Jesus Christ
vindicated,' give the best exposition of Chubb's views. 'Our Lord Jesus Christ' he writes,
'undertook to be a reformer, and in consequence thereof a Saviour. The true Gospel is this:
(1) Christ requires a conformity of mind and life to that eternal and unalterable rule of action
which is founded in the reason of things, and makes that the only ground of divine acceptance,
and the only and sure way to life eternal. (2) If by violation of the law they have displeased
God, he requires repentance and reformation as the only and sure ground of forgiveness. (3)
There will be a judgment according to works. This Gospel wrought a change which by a figure
of speech is called "a new birth"' (ยง 13). Like Tindal, he contrasts the certainty of natural
with the uncertainty of any traditional religion. He owns 'the Christian revelation was expedient
because of the general corruption; but it was no more than a publication of the original law
of nature, and tortured and made to speak different things.'[158] He repeats Tindal's objection
to the want of universality of revealed religion on the same grounds. His chief attacks were,
as has been said, made upon the New Testament. He demurs to the acceptance of the Gospels as
infallibly true.

Chubb expresses just those difficulties and objections which would naturally have most weight
with the more intelligent portion of the working classes. Speculative questions are put comparatively
in the background. His view of the gospel is just that plain practical view which an artisan
could grasp without troubling himself about transcendental questions, on the nice adjustment
of which divines disputed. 'Put all such abstruse matters aside,' Chubb says in effect to his
fellow-workmen, 'they have nothing to do with the main point at issue, they are no parts of
the true Gospel.' His rocks of offence, too, are just those against which the working man would
stumble. The shortcomings of the clergy had long been part of the stock-in-trade of almost
all the Deistical writers. Their supposed wealth and idleness gave, as was natural, special
offence to the representative of the working classes. He attacks individual clergymen, inveighs
against the 'unnatural coalition of Church and State,'[159] and speaks of men living in palaces
like kings, clothing themselves in fine linen and costly apparel, and faring sumptuously.

The lower and lower-middle classes have always been peculiarly sensitive to the dangers of
priestcraft and a relapse into Popery. Accordingly Chubb constantly appealed to this anti-Popish
feeling.[160]

Chubb, being an illiterate man, made here and there slips of scholarship, but he wrote in a
clear, vigorous, sensible style, and his works had considerable influence over those to whom
they were primarily addressed.

The cause of Deism in its earlier sense was now almost extinct. Those who were afterwards called
Deists really belong to a different school of thought. A remarkable book, which was partly
the outcome, partly, perhaps, the cause of this altered state of feeling, was published by
Dodwell the younger, in 1742. It was entitled 'Christianity not founded on argument,' and there
was at first a doubt whether the author wrote as a friend or an enemy of Christianity. He was
nominally opposed to both, for both the Deists and their adversaries agreed that reason and
revelation were in perfect harmony. The Deist accused the Orthodox of sacrificing reason at
the shrine of revelation, the Orthodox accused the Deist of sacrificing revelation at the shrine
of reason; but both sides vehemently repudiated the charge. The Orthodox was quite as anxious
to prove that his Christianity was not unreasonable, as the Deist was to prove that his rationalism
was not anti-Christian.

Now the author of 'Christianity not founded on argument' came forward to prove that both parties
were attempting an impossibility. In opposition to everything that had been written on both
sides of the controversy for the last half century, Dodwell protested against all endeavours
to reconcile the irreconcilable.

His work is in the form of a letter to a young Oxford friend, who was assumed to be yearning
for a rational faith, 'as it was his duty to prove all things.' 'Rational faith!' says Dodwell
in effect, 'the thing is impossible; it is a contradiction in terms.
