Chubb was a member of a school that rejected the idea that they were "enemies" of Christianity. We can see this from two of his works, 'The True Gospel of Jesus Christ asserted' and 'The True Gospel of Jesus Christ vindicated,' which explain his views especially well. Chubb, like Tindal, compares the degree of certainty in any traditional belief system with that of natural religion. His work also reflects Tindal's challenge to what some considered an insufficiency in revelation in regard to its applicability anywhere and to anyone. He writes, 'Our Lord Jesus Christ undertook to be a reformer, and in consequence thereof a Saviour. The true Gospel is this: (1) Christ requires a conformity of mind and life to that eternal and unalterable rule of action which is founded in the reason of things, and makes that the only ground of divine acceptable, and the only and sure way to life eternal. (2) If by violation of the law they have displeased God, he requires repentance and reformation as the only and sure ground of forgiveness. (3) There will be a judgment according to works. This Gospel wrought a change which by a figure of speech is called "a new birth"' (ยง 13). According to him, 'the Christian revelation was expedient because of the general corruption; but it was no more than a publication of the original law of nature, and tortured and made to speak different things.'[158] Chubb mostly criticizes not the Old Testament, but the New Testament, which he does not accept as literal or absolutely correct.

Chubb wants to emphasize not theoretical or hypothetical problems in religion, but instead those problems that would seem commonsense to literate, but poor, people. He has an almost workmanly attitude toward the Bible, a tendency to take it at face value. Chubb seems to be telling other members of his class to ignore speculation, suggesting that they are peripheral problems. Like Deisticals, he discusses the shortcomings of clerics as a group, as a class the wealth and status of which offended and troubled workers. This included members of the lower and lower-middle classes, who were most suspicious of the clerisy. Chubb is angry about the 'unnatural coalition of Church and State,' [159] which benefits some people so much that they live like kings. Chubb wrote well and in such a way as to arouse his audience, even though he often made scholarly errors.

At this time, Deism changed significantly as a movement and as a school of thought. This had a great deal to do with the book 'Christianity not founded on argument,' a 1742 book by Dodwell that confused people as to whether it was for the religion or against it. This was unclear because Dodwell, who was called 'the younger,' believed, like most people at the time, that revelation and reason were harmonious -- the question was which was primary. Both sides, Orthodox and Deist, accused each other of sacrificing one for the other. In this case, Dodwell rejected both of their views and their attacks on each other -- he sought to reconcile them.

Indeed, Dodwell, writing his book as though writing a very lengthy letter to a young friend studying at Oxford, rejects the very notion of rational faith, calling it 'a contradiction in terms.'
