
"There is, in short, no country in Europe, and no language, in which the exploits of Charlemagne
and Roland have not at some time been recounted and sung." This book will serve as a good introduction
to a fine heroic character.

"Froissart sets the boy's mind upon manhood and the man's mind upon boyhood." An invaluable
background for the future study of history. "The Boy's Percy," being old ballads of War, Adventure
and Love from Percy's Reliques of Ancient English Poetry, edited by Sidney Lanier. "Tales of
the Canterbury Pilgrims," retold from Chaucer and others by E. J H. Darton.

"Sometimes a pilgrimage seemed nothing but an excuse for a lively and pleasant holiday, and
the travellers often made themselves very merry on the road, with their jests and songs, and
their flutes and fiddles and bagpipes." A good prose version much enjoyed by boys and girls.
"Joan of Arc," written and illustrated by M. Boutet de Monvel.

A very fine interpretation of the life of this great heroine. A book to be owned by every boy
and girl. "When Knights Were Bold," by Eva March Tappan.

Telling of the training of a knight, of the daily life in a castle, of pilgrimages and crusades,
of merchant guilds, of schools and literature, in short, a full picture of life in the days
of chivalry. A good book to supplement the romantic stories of the time.

Adventurers in New Worlds

"A Book of Discovery," by M. B. Synge, fully illustrated from authentic sources and with maps.

A thoroughly fascinating book about the world's exploration from the earliest times to the
discovery of the South Pole. A book to be owned by older boys and girls who like true tales
of adventure. "A Short History of Discovery From the Earliest Times to the Founding of the
Colonies on the American Continent," written and done into colour by Hendrik Willem van Loon.

"Dear Children: History is the most fascinating and entertaining and instructive of arts."
A book to delight children of all ages. "The Story of Marco Polo," by Noah Brooks. "Olaf the
Glorious," by Robert Leighton.

An historical story of the Viking age. "The Conquerors of Mexico," retold from Prescott's "Conquest
of Mexico," by Henry Gilbert. "The Conquerors of Peru," retold from Prescott's "Conquest of
Peru," by Henry Gilbert. "Vikings of the Pacific," by A. C. Laut.

Adventures of Bering the Dane; the outlaw hunters of Russia; Benyowsky, the Polish pirate;
Cook and Vancouver; Drake, and other soldiers of fortune on the West Coast of America. "The
Argonauts of Faith," by Basil Mathews.

The Adventures of the "Mayflower" Pilgrims. "Pathfinders of the West," by A. C. Laut.

The thrilling story of the adventures of the men who discovered the great Northwest.

"Beyond the Old Frontier," by George Bird Grinnell.

Adventures of Indian Fighters, Hunters, and Fur-Traders on the Pacific Coast. "A History of
Travel in America," by Seymour Dunbar, illustrated from old woodcuts and engravings. 4 volumes.

An interesting book for children who wish to understand the problems and difficulties their
grandfathers had in the conquest of the West. This is a standard book upon the subject of early
travel, but is so readable as to be of interest to older children.

"The Golden Book of the Dutch Navigators," by Hendrik Willem van Loon. Fully illustrated from
old prints.

The World's Progress in Invention--Art--Music.

"Gabriel and the Hour Book," by Evaleen Stein.

How a boy learned from the monks how to grind and mix the colours for illuminating the beautiful
hand-printed books of the time and how he himself made books that are now treasured in the
museums of France and England. "Historic Inventions," by Rupert S. Holland.

Stories of the invention of printing, the steam-engine, the spinning-jenny, the safety-lamp,
the sewing machine, electric light, and other wonders of mechanism. "A History of Everyday
Things in England," written and illustrated by Marjorie and C. V. B. Quennell. 2 Volumes.

A most fascinating book, profusely illustrated in black and white and in colour, giving a vivid
picture of life in England from 1066-1799. It tells of wars and of home-life, of amusements
and occupations, of art and literature, of science and invention. A book to be owned by every
boy and girl. "First Steps in the Enjoyment of Pictures," by Maude I. G. Oliver.

A book designed to help children in their appreciation of art by giving them technical knowledge
of the media, the draughtsmanship, the composition and the technique of well-known American
pictures.
