"There is, in short, no country in Europe, not the language, in which the exploits of Charlemagne and Roland have not once been told and sung." This book serves as a good introduction to a fine heroic character. 

"Froissart sets the mind of the boy into adulthood and the mind of man on children." A fund of incalculable value for future study of history. "The child of Percy," being old ballads of War, Adventure and Love Percy relics of ancient English Poetry, edited by Sidney Lanier. "Canterbury Tales the pilgrims, counting from Chaucer and others by E. H. J Darton. 

"At times it seemed a pilgrimage nothing more than an excuse for fun and enjoyable holiday, and travelers often became very happy on the road, with his jokes and songs, and their flutes and fiddles and bagpipes." A good prose version of both boys and girls enjoy. "Joan of Arc", written and illustrated by M. Of Monvel Boutet. 

A very fine interpretation of the life of this great hero. A book that will be owned by every child. "When knights were bold," by Eva March Tappan. 

Ie the formation of a gentleman, of everyday life in a castle, of pilgrimages and the crusades, the guilds of merchants, schools and literature, in short, a complete picture of life in the days of the cavalry. A good book to complement the romantic stories of the day. 

Adventurers in the New World 

"A Book of Discovery", by MB Synge, fully illustrated from authentic sources and maps. 

A truly fascinating book on the exploration of the world since the early days of discovery of the South Pole. A book to be owned by older children who like true stories of adventure. "A Brief History of the discovery of the early days of the founding of the colonies in the Americas," written and produced in color by Hendrik Willem van Loon. 

"Dear children: The story is the most fascinating and entertaining and instructive of arts." A book to delight children of all ages. "The story of Marco Polo" by Noah Brooks. "Olaf the Glorious" by Robert Leighton. 

A historical account of the Viking Age. "The conquerors of Mexico," Prescott told from "Conquest of Mexico" by Henry Gilbert. "The Conquerors of Peru," Prescott told from "Conquest of Peru", by Henry Gilbert. "Vikings of the Pacific", by AC Laut. 

Adventures of Bering, Danish, hunters outlaw Russia; Benyowsky, the pirate of Poland; Cook and Vancouver, Drake, and other soldiers of fortune on the west coast of America. "The Argonauts of Faith", by Basil Mathews. 

The adventures of the Mayflower, "" Pilgrims. "Conquerors of the West," by AC Laut. 

The exciting story of the adventures of the men who discovered the great Northwest. 

"Beyond the old frontier," by George Bird Grinnell. 

Adventures of Fighters Indians, hunters and fur traders on the Pacific coast. "A history of travel in the United States," Seymour Dunbar, illustrated by wood engravings and antique prints. 4 volumes. 

An interesting book for children who wish to understand the problems and difficulties that their grandparents were in the conquest of the West. This is a standard book on the subject of travel early, but is as readable as to be of interest to older children. 

"The Golden Book of the Dutch Navigators," by Hendrik Willem van Loon. Fully illustrated by old engravings. 

World Progress in the invention - Art - Music. 

"Gabriel and the Book of Hours," by Stein Eval. 

How does a child learn from the monks to grind and mix the colors for the lighting of the beautiful hand-printed books of the time and how he made the books that are treasured in museums in France and England. "Historic Inventions," by Rupert S. Netherlands. 

Stories from the invention of the printing press, steam engine, Jenny, the safety lamp, the sewing machine, lamp, and other wonders of the mechanism. "A history of everyday things in England," written and illustrated by Marjorie Quennell and CVB. 2 vols. 

A fascinating book, profusely illustrated in black and white and color, giving a vivid picture of life in England from 1066 to 1799. Talk of war and home life, entertainment and occupations, art and literature, science and invention. A book that will be owned by every child. "Getting Started in the enjoyment of pictures," by Maude IG Oliver. 

A book designed to help children in their appreciation of art, giving them the expertise of the media, drawing, composition and technique well-known American image.
