"There is, in short, no country in Europe, not the language, in which the exploits of Charlemagne and Roland have not once been told and sung." This book will serve as a good introduction to a fine heroic character. 

"Froissart puts the mind of the child until adulthood and the human mind in children." A fund of incalculable value for future study of history. "Percy's son," being old ballads of War, Adventure and Love Percy relics of ancient English poetry, edited by Sidney Lanier. "Canterbury Tales pilgrims, dating from Chaucer and others by EH J Darton. 

"At times it seemed a pilgrimage nothing more than an excuse for fun and spend a pleasant holiday, and travelers often became very happy on the road, with his jokes and songs, and their flutes and fiddles and bagpipes." A good prose version of both boys and girls enjoy. "Joan of Arc", written and illustrated by M. De Monvel Boutet. 

A very fine interpretation of the life of this great hero. A book that will be owned by all children. "When knights were bold, by Eva March Tappan. 

That is, the formation of a gentleman, of everyday life in a castle, of pilgrimages and the crusades, the guilds of merchants, schools and literature, in short, a complete picture of life in the days of chivalry. A good book to complement the romantic stories of the day. 

New World Adventurers 

"A Book of Discovery", by MB Synge, fully illustrated from authentic sources and maps. 

A truly fascinating book exploring the world since the early days of discovery of the South Pole. A book that will be owned by older children who like true stories of adventure. "A brief history of the discovery of the early days of the founding of the colonies in the Americas", written and produced in color, Hendrik Willem van Loon. 

"Dear children: The story is the most fascinating and entertaining and instructive of arts." A book to delight children of all ages. "The story of Marco Polo" by Noah Brooks. "Olaf the Glorious" by Robert Leighton. 

A historical account of the Viking Age. "The conquerors of Mexico," said Prescott, "Conquest of Mexico" by Henry Gilbert. "The Conquerors of Peru," said Prescott's "Conquest of Peru", by Henry Gilbert. "Vikings of the Pacific", by AC Laut. 

Adventures of Bering, Danish, hunters will outlaw Russia; Benyowsky, the pirate of Poland; Cook and Vancouver, Drake, and other soldiers of fortune on the west coast of America. "The Argonauts" Faith, by Basil Mathews. 

The adventures of the Mayflower, "" Pilgrims. "The conquerors of the West," by AC Laut. 

The exciting story of the adventures of the men who discovered the great Northwest. 

"Beyond the old frontier" by George Bird Grinnell. 

Adventures of Fighters Indians, hunters and fur traders on the Pacific coast. "A history of travel in the United States," Seymour Dunbar, illustrated by woodcuts and old prints. 4 volumes. 

An interesting book for children who wish to understand the problems and difficulties that their grandparents were in the conquest of the West. This is a book series on the subject of travel early, but is as readable as to be of interest to older children. 

"The Golden Book of the Dutch Navigators," by Hendrik Willem van Loon. Fully illustrated by old engravings. 

Global progress in the invention - Art - Music. 

"Gabriel and the Book of Hours" by Eval Stein. 

How does a child learn from the monks to grind and mix the colors for the lighting of the beautiful hand-printed books of the era and how did the books that are treasured in museums in France and England. "Historic Inventions," by Rupert S. Netherlands. 

Stories from the invention of the printing press, steam engine, Jenny, the safety lamp, the sewing machine, a lamp, and other wonders of the mechanism. "A history of everyday things in England," written and illustrated by Marjorie Quennell and CVB. 2 vols. 

A fascinating book, profusely illustrated in black and white and color, giving a vivid picture of life in England from 1066-1799. Talking about the war and home life, entertainment and jobs, art and literature, science and invention. A book that will be owned by all children. "Getting Started in the enjoyment of pictures," by Maude IG Oliver. 

A book designed to help children in their appreciation of art, giving them the skills of media, drawing, composition and technique of the well-known American image.
