Even though the climate is cold, it is healthful and free from pestering fogs which we had regularly in Monterey. Here the fogs barely reach the entrance of the port and the weather is very clear once inside the harbor. The best advantage is that the heathen Indians around here are so friendly and so mannered, that I received them on board with delight many times, and I had the sailors frequently visit with them on land. From the first to the last day, their behavior was consistent. This made me present them food and gifts; which they learned how to ask for in our language.
This good friendship was a great comfort to us without a doubt, allowing us to more easily handle the inspection that was required of me. Although in a letter written by Your Excellency to my predecessor, Don Miguel Manrique, dated January 2d, I read that it was feasible that we might find the land expedition undertaken by Captain Don Juan de Anza in San Francisco. Due to this I did not refuse the offer of another expedition of small land which the Captain of Monterey, Don Fernando de Rivera, made me. I had not seen either of them while in port and I did not delay the reconnaissance. I was recovering from a serious injury to my right foot, received April 3d by the accidental discharge of a double-barrel pistol, which Don Miguel Manrique had left loaded in the cabin, so I could not do all of this in person. In spite of this, I am satisfied that Don José Cañizares completed with his usual ability all that I had entrusted to his care. Therefore, I state to Your Excellency (in order that the merit of his work may not be ignored), that in the entire time he was with me, he showed such excellence in his vocation in addition to his constant honesty, that during my ordeals, I found him trustworthy with the more delicate points of my work.
On September 7th, I left the Port of San Francisco, as the reconnaissance had been completed. In doing this, there was no wind and I was carried to some rocks by the strong current, injuring the rudder and breaking three bolts, two female and one male. This forced me to enter a cove so that I could repair the accident as best I could, and again tried to continue on, a light breeze from the north (the only in the forty-four days) assisting the sailing. On the 18th, due to the injured rudder and those who had warned of the severe seasonal weather, I determined to pass the Equinox at Monterey, and arrived on the 19th. At this port I found the frigate Santiago. The schooner came October 7th, and I left for San Blas on the 13th, where I am sick because of my foot, but always ready to obey Your Excellency.
I pray the Lord that Your Excellency prospers for many more years.
