Its climate
though cold, is healthful and free from those troublesome fogs which we had daily in Monterey,
because the fogs here hardly reach the entrance of the port, and once inside the harbor, the
weather is very clear. To these many advantages is to be added the best: and this is that the
heathen Indians around this port are so constant in their good friendship and so gentle in
their manners, that I received them with pleasure on board several times, and I had the sailors
frequently visit with them on land; so that from the first to the last day, they remained the
same in their behavior. This made me present them with trinkets, beads, and biscuit; the last
they learned to ask for clearly in our language.

There is no doubt that this good friendship was a great comfort to us, enabling us to make
with less fear the reconnaissance that was ordered of me. Although in a letter written by Your
Excellency to my predecessor, Don Miguel Manrique, dated January 2d, I read that it was possible
we might find in San Francisco the land expedition undertaken by Captain Don Juan de Anza;
I did not on that account refuse the offer of another small land expedition which the Captain
of Monterey, Don Fernando de Rivera, made me. I did not see either of them while I remained
in that port, but I did not, on that account, postpone the reconnaissance. I could not do all
of this in person, because I was convalescing from a serious wound in my right foot, received
April 3d by the accidental discharge of a double-barrel pistol, which Don Miguel Manrique had
left loaded in the cabin. Notwithstanding this, I am satisfied that Don José Cañizares executed
with his usual ability everything I entrusted to his care. I therefore state to Your Excellency
(in order that the merit of his work may not be ignored), that as long as he was with me, he
acted not only with his usual honesty, but showed such great talent in his profession that
in the midst of my troubles I found him one to entrust with the more delicate points of my duty.

On September 7th, I decided to leave the Port of San Francisco, as I considered the reconnaissance
completed, and in doing this, having no wind, I was carried by the strong current against some
rocks, injuring the rudder and breaking two female and one male bolts. This obliged me to enter
a cove, where I repaired as well as possible the accident, and again tried to sail forth, a
light breeze from the north (the only one I noticed in the forty-four days) aiding the sailing.
On the 18th, because the rudder was injured, and those who had been on this coast before had
warned me that at this time of year the weather was very severe, I determined to pass the Equinox
at Monterey, and arrived there on the 19th. At this port I found the frigate Santiago. The
schooner came October 7th, and I left for San Blas on the 13th, where I am sick of my foot,
but always desirous to obey Your Excellency.

I pray the Lord to keep the life of Your Excellency many years.
