Again there was silence, and in that Jeannie openly dry the tears on her face. They had been crying, no doubt. 
"I had to tell you, dear Alice," they said finally. "I could not bear alone. Do you see why it is impossible, beyond the limits of expression that was going to marry Daisy." Ll also see why I thank God who loves him. At all costs, , Daisy is not to know what is impossible. That was my promise to Diana when they was dying. "Would do anything within my reach and limits of expansion outside of it to prevent her knowing. Diana, the poor, who loved him. The last request was made. It is sacred to me, as sacred as my honor." 
"You mean to tell you?" "Alice said. 
"I hope not. I require to keep secret the poor Diana as close as can be. And I am not sure, from what I do know of him, that would be valueless. For Daisy, do you think would be a man like that get in your way? No, they must do better than that. Now they is in love along with her? " 
"I can not say. It is clear, however, who desires to marry her. It is been in love so often that one doubts if it's been in love at all. ----" N 
"Oh, spare me the list of his conquests. Has been in love lots of times. That is ." 
"Enough for what?" 
"For the plan occurred to me as feasible. I do not say simple, I am not saying it is all right, but they would like, above all, keep secret dreadful poor Diana, that no one, if feasible - and, above all, Daisy - knowing that they was his brother who lived those years in Paris, and in that way. " 
Jeannie got up. 
"Clearly, the simplest way to get what they would like is to think that Daisy has only been flirting with him," - "not serious. HURT the poor girl, I do know, but if they was in love with him, I do not think it hurts much, much more. Therefore, they must lose no time. Any day, any time you can fall in love with him. They is stunning. " 
"Do you mean that Daisy is flirting along with her?" Asked Alice. 
"No, that would not help. They did not think it. Moreover, any day may also propose to her. You require to be more convincing than that." In case of seeing what convinces you that is not serious. They must do in the event you can, under the noses of Daisy, flirt with another person. They must cease. I have no idea in the event you can do, but they must try. At least I can think of no other plan that Daisy did not involve us all who require to keep. " 
"But how -" who? "Alicia asked. 
"This is Bray - Mr Lindfield, I mean? 
"Yes, they comes tomorrow night with others." 
Jeannie front of a mirror, took a long look at himself, and spoke of the picture there. 
"Yes, but passable - barely passable, though," they said to herself. 
Nottingham Lady rose and crossed the room along with her. 
"Jeannie, what do you mean?" I asked.
