
Again there was silence; and in that Jeannie openly dried the tears that were on her face.
She had been crying: there was no question about that.

"I had to tell you, dear Alice," she said at length. "I could not bear it alone. You see why
it is impossible, beyond the bounds of speech, that Daisy should marry him. You see also why
I thank Heaven that she does not love him. At all costs, also, Daisy must not know why it is
impossible. That was my promise to Diana when she was dying. I would do anything within my
power and the stretched-out limits of it to prevent her knowing. Diana, poor darling, wished
for that. It was the last request she made. It is sacred to me, as sacred as my honour."

"Do you mean to tell him?" asked Alice.

"I hope not to. I want to keep poor Diana's secret as close as can be. And I am not in the
least certain, from what I know of him, that it would do any good. If he wants Daisy, do you
think a man like that would let that stand in his way? No, we must do better than that. Now,
is he in love with her?"

"I can't say. It is clear, however, that he wants to marry her. He has been in love so many
times that one doubts if he has been in love at all. There was----"

"Oh, spare me the list of his conquests. He has been in love many times. That is sufficient."

"Sufficient for what?"

"For the plan that has occurred to me as possible. I don't say it is easy; I don't say it is
nice; but we want, above all things, to keep poor Diana's dreadful secret, to let no one, if
possible--and, above all, Daisy--know that it was her sister who lived those years in Paris,
and in that manner."

Jeannie got up.

"Clearly the easiest way of arriving at what we want is to make Daisy think that he has only
been flirting with her," she said--"that he is not serious. It will hurt the poor child, I
know; but if she were in love with him, which you think she is not, it would hurt her far,
far more. Therefore, we must waste no time. Any day, any moment, she may fall in love with
him. He is extremely attractive."

"Do you mean you will tell Daisy that he has only been flirting with her?" asked Alice.

"No, that would do no good. She would not believe it. Besides, any day also he may propose
to her. No, it must be more convincing than that. She must see that which convinces her that
he is not in earnest. We must make him, if we can, under Daisy's very nose, flirt with somebody
else. We must make him neglect her. I don't know if it can be done, but we must try. At least,
I can think of no other plan which will not involve telling Daisy all that we want to keep
from her."

"But how--who?" asked Alice.

"He is coming to Bray--Lord Lindfield, I mean?"

"Yes; he is coming to-morrow evening with the others."

Jeannie paused in front of a mirror, looked long at herself, and spoke to her image there.

"Yes, passable yet--just passable yet," she said to herself.

Lady Nottingham got up and came across the room to her.

"Jeannie, what do you mean?" she asked.
