Once more there was no noise to be heard; meanwhile, Jeannie wiped away her tears.  It was obvious she had been sobbing.

After awhile she stated, "Alice, I had to let you know.  I could not keep it to myself any longer.  Now you understand why Daisy absolutely cannot marry this man and why I am so thankful that she doesn't love him.  Regardless, though, Daisy cannot ever know why she mustn't marry him because I promised Diana before she died that, as much as it was within my power to prevent it, Daisy would not ever find out.  That was Diana's dearest wish and her last request to me, so my promise is sacred.

Alice inquired, "Are you going to let him know?"

"I hope I never have to.  I want to keep the whole thing as quiet as possible.  I don't even know if it would make any difference if he did know.  Someone like him probably would do what he wanted to anyway.  We must go about this a different way.  Do you think he really loves her?

"I don't know.  What I do know for sure is that he is determined to marry her.  He has loved so many women that I doubt he even understands what love really is.  One time..."

"I don't want to hear about his past loves.  It is enough just for me to know there have been so many."

"What do you mean- enough for you to know?"

"It's enough for me so that I can make my plan work.  It won't be simple and it definitely won't be pretty; however, all I'm worried about is making sure I keep my promise to Diana.  Hopefully nobody, but especially not Daisy, must ever find out that her sister lived like she did in Paris."

Jeannie stood. 

"Obviously,the best way to accomplish what we need to is to convince Daisy that he has only been toying with her," she proposed. "We need to convince her he has never been serious about her at all.  I'm sure it will bruise her ego somewhat, but if it indeed true as you say that she really doesn't love him, it won't hurt nearly as badly.  We must act now.  Because he is so handsome, she could end up falling in love with him after all at any time.

"Are you telling me that you are going to inform Daisy that he has just been flirting all this time?" Alice inquired.

"No, that wouldn't work.  She would never believe me.  Something has got to convince her because he could ask her to marry him most any day now.  She has got to see something with her own eyes in order to believe he isn't serious about her.  We've got to set him up.  I don't know if it will work, but it's worth a try.  We must somehow get him to flirt with someone else right in front of Daisy.  I can't think of anything else that might accomplish what we want without telling Daisy everything-- and I just can't do that."

"Who are we going to get him to flirt with?" Alice queried.

"Is Lord Linfield coming to Bray?" 

"He's supposed to come with everybody else tomorrow night."

Jeannie stopped and stared critically at herself in the mirror, before finally remarking aloud to herself, "Maybe I'll do. Just barely, but maybe."

Lady Notthingham arose quickly and strode toward her.

"What are you talking about?" she cried.
