When he took part in the battle to attack upon Navarin under the leadership of Orlóff, finally he died.  During this battle, he had been attached on with a long and eminent career of service.  He tried hard to see his new country with family of Annibáloff and with Púshkin who was the most distinguished ornament among the poets.  He was considered as an admired personality among poets due to his personal appearance and in mental stability.  For the memory of this singular progenitor, Pushkin has given one of his smaller works and it was considered as so sacred and it has mixed frequently with the African blood and it was inherited from the admiral. 

In 1811 because of the interest of Turgénieff, to whom Russia is thus, in some sort, indebted for her great poet, Púshkin got admission with great respect into the Imperial Lyceum of Tsárskoë Seló.  There he was admitted for his well to do education and also to create and maintain a great form of friendships.    So there he had been getting a better superb chance to promote his all literary productions of his whole career and they were all highly enriched with colorful matchless modification to a considerable extent.  He made work especially with the personal character of the poet.  Then this institution was recently established by the Emperor Alexander. Also it was highly honored by the strange favors and protections of its memorable founder. Again it was further remodeled by the plan of lycees by the genius of Napoleon.    He gave more remarkable attention for people for their advantage of a complete encyclopedic education.  He was intended not only to promote the preparatory or school educational course but also he was keenly tried to make better the all academic curriculum of a university.   Also he was insisting the students, when they were finishing their courses and related trainings successfully immediately to take part into active life. The Lyceum was functioning matchlessly and undoubtedly and it was keenly considered and nursed in its bosom for a greater number of distinguished men than any other educational institution in the country.  Our readers are especially judged about the peculiar privileges which were enjoyed by this establishment. The primary object of this foundation was just too remarkably furnishing the higher civil departments in the government and to the ministry of foreign affairs in particular way for particular purpose. It was very keen in supplying adequate staff for such needs.  In fact they were all appointed by the emperor in a wing of the palace of Tsárskoë Seló--the favorite summer residence of the Tsars of Russia since the time of Catharine II.
It is also finally praised as sovereign due to its matchless responsible dedication and also it has become so well known to travelers.  They considered it as their own celebrated place because of its splendid palace and magnificent gardens.  Also it had been considered as one of the most striking objects and it had been admired the stranger's curiosity in the environs of St Petersburg. 
The students of the Lyceum are almost always youngsters and they came from highly most distinguished families among the Russian nobility.  They had been selected from themselves only and particularly from among the most intellectual and brilliant status. 

The system of education was mainly based on its walls of the most complete nature, partaking.  Moreover, it has been concluded and determined from what we have said, of both a scientific and literary character.  At a first single glance at a list of the first course in which Púshkin was a member it had been highly and adequately packed with so many members and with many names destined to high distinction.
