Judy and Charley accompanied Mr. Lawrence to the rooms. When Judy arrived there found a number of strange-looking men who appeared to be seriously talking about a subject which interested Mr. Lawrence deeply. But nothing suspicious Judy, and had begun to organize things so I could take more conveniently, when the captain turned to her and said: 
"'Judy, who was satisfied with me, and I have a new master." 

"Judy was frightened and tried to flee, but one of them caught her, and pulling a trap door, let her down. Charley bit, not knowing what had happened to her mother, began to mourn, but one of the men held him and told to stop making so much noise. 

"Judy was kept in the basement until a ship arrived, and was carried out, and a handkerchief tied tightly over her mouth to prevent him from shouting or making noise. She was then rushed to board the boat with a cargo of slaves bound for the far south. Now it seemed as if their "cup of bitterness was full." When I was on deck, in pain and terror, he heard someone asking "Mother, mother!" And he looked up, there was his beloved son. She asked how he got there, he responded: 

"'A bad man is put in the basement led me to his house and locked me up, and then brought me here. 

"Poor Judy! He met at a moment when both were to be sold, and no language can describe their anguish, their free papers are left behind, and another of his sons, his daughter Fanny. I did not know what became of it, or where it's headed. After sailing for several weeks, came to a place she thinks was called Vicksburg, here they were taken from the ship, and led to the auction rooms, where the sale was then passing. In a little while after he entered, a gentleman approached them, and after watching the little Charley, placed it on the block. Poor Judy's heart was almost bursting, but when he saw a man buys and take pride and joy of his heart, he became frantic and yelled after him, but was picked up and taken out of sight. It was too much for her, everything was a haze in a moment, and sank senseless to the ground. When she revived was found lying in an old pile of cotton in one corner of the auction houses. The auctioneer, as it had emerged, he ordered his place in the pen, along with the other black. Judy mechanically obeyed, and took his place with others, and sat as if in a dream, when she was awakened by a man hit in the back. 

"" Come, look fast, old, "he said. 

"Could you look agile, massa, if his son, his beloved son and his life was taken from you? Oh God! "She said, hiding his face in his hands, 'have mercy on me and help me to resign. 

"'Yes, I will make resigning, he said, sarcastically, hitting back." Now you follow me and not let me hear a word from the head. "
