Judy and
Charley accompanied Mr. Lawrence to the rooms. When they arrived there Judy observed a number
of strange-looking men who appeared to be earnestly conversing on some subject which interested
Mr. Lawrence deeply. But Judy suspected nothing, and had begun arranging the things so that
she could carry them more conveniently, when her master turned round to her and said:

"'Judy, you have become dissatisfied with me, and I have got you a new master.'

"Judy was frightened, and attempted to run, but one of them caught her, and dragging her to
a trap door, let her down. Little Charley, not knowing what had become of his mother, began
to cry, but one of the men held him and told him to stop making such a noise.

"Judy remained in the cellar until a vessel came along, and she was then taken out, and a handkerchief
tied tightly over her mouth to prevent her from screaming or making any noise. She was then
hurried on board of the boat, with a cargo of slaves bound for the far South. It seemed now
as if her 'cup of bitterness was full.' As she was on the deck, in grief and terror, she heard
some one calling 'Mother! mother!' and on looking up, there was her darling boy. She asked
him how he came there; he answered:

"'A naughty man that put you down in the cellar carried me to his house, and locked me up,
and then brought me here.'

"Poor Judy! she knew in a moment that both were to be sold, and no language can describe her
anguish; her free papers were left behind, and another one of her children, her little daughter
Fanny. She did not know what would become of her, or where she was going. After sailing for
several weeks, they arrived at a place which she thinks was called Vicksburg; here they were
taken off the boat, and carried to the auction rooms, where a sale was then going on. In a
little while after they came in, a gentleman walked up to them, and after looking at little
Charley, placed him on the block. Poor Judy's heart was almost bursting; but when she saw a
man buy and carry away the pride and joy of her heart, she became frantic, and screamed after
him, but he was picked up and carried from her sight. It was too much for her; all was a mist
in a moment, and she sank senseless to the floor. When she revived she found herself lying
on an old pile of cotton in one corner of the auction rooms. The auctioneer, seeing that she
had arisen, bade her stand in the pen, along with the other negroes. Judy mechanically obeyed,
and took her place with the others, and was sitting like one in a dream, when she was aroused
by a man slapping her on the back.

"'Come, look spry, old woman,' said he.

"'Could you look spry, massa, if your child, your son you loved as well as your life, was torn
away from you? O God!' said she, burying her face in her hands, 'have mercy on me, and help
me to be resigned.'

"'Yes, I'll make you resigned,' said he, sneeringly, slapping her across the back. 'Now you
follow me, and don't let me hear a word out of your head.'

