Mr. Lawrence was accompanied by Judy and Charley to the rooms. On arrival, Judy observed a number of strange-looking men who appeared to be dicussing on something in which Mr. Lawrence seemed to be deeply interested. Judy begun rearranging the things so that it will be more convenient for her to carry them as she didn't suspect anything and that is when her master turned to her and said:

"Judy, I have got you a new master because you have become dissatisfied with me."

"Judy attempted to run as she was frightened but one them let her down by catching her and then dragging her to a trap door. One of the men held Little charley and told him to stop making such a noise who by now was not aware of what had become of his mother and was crying.

"Till the time a vessel came along, Judy remained in the cellar . Then she was taken out and was prevented from screaming or making any kind of noise by a handkerchief tied tightly over her mouth. She was then hurriedly put on board a cargo which was full of slaves and was bound for the far south. It seemed now as if her 'cup of bitterness was full.' She heard someone calling 'Mother! mother!' when she was on the deck in grief and terror. On looking up, she saw her darling boy and she asked him how he came here; he answered:

"A naughty man who had put you down in the cellar brougth me here after carrying me to his house and locking me up."

"Poor Judy was feeling so much anguish as she became aware that both were to be sold; her free papaers were left behind, and she did not know what would become of her little daughter fanny, another one of her children. They arrived at a place after sailing for several weeks, which she thinks was called Vicksburg; here they were carried to auction rooms after being taken off the boat, where a sale was further going on. A gentleman walked up to them in a little while after they came in and placed Charley on the block after looking at him. Poor Judy's heart was almost bursting but she became frantic and screamed after the man when she saw him buy and carry away the pride and joy of her heart but he was picked up and carried from her sight. She sank senseless to the floor as this was too much for her and everything seemed like a mist in that moment. She found herself lying on an old pile of cotton in one corner of the auction rooms when she revived. The auctioneer bade her stand in the pen alognwith other negroes after seeing that she had arisen. Judy took her place with the others as if mechanically operated and was sitting like one in a dream, when a slap on her back by a man aroused her.

"'Come, look spry, old woman,' said he. 

"'Could you look spry, massa, if your child, your son whom you you loved as well as your life, was torn away from you? O God!' said she, burying her face in her hands, 'have mercy on me, and help me to be resigned.' 

"'Yes, I'll make you resigned,' said he, sneeringly, slapping her across the back. 'Now you follow me, and don't let me hear a word out of your head.'
