The Jews were looking for Messiah: the Romans thought
          of Vespasian.

THE END OF THE GERMAN REVOLT

After the severe reverse at Trier[518] Civilis recruited his army       14 in Germany, and
pitched his camp near Vetera. The position was a safe one, and he hoped to inspirit his native
troops with the memory of their former victories there.[519] Cerialis followed in his footsteps,
with forces now doubled by the arrival of the Second,[520] Thirteenth, and Fourteenth legions,
besides auxiliary troops, both horse and foot,[521] who had long received their summons and
came hurrying on the news of victory. Neither general was dilatory, but a vast plain lay between
them. It was by nature swampy, and Civilis had built a dam projecting into the Rhine, which
stemmed the current and flooded the adjacent fields. The treacherous nature of the ground,
where the shallows were hard to find, told against our men, who were heavily armed and afraid
of swimming. The Germans, on the other hand, were used to rivers, lightly armed, and tall enough
to keep their heads above water.

Provoked by the Batavi, the bravest of our troops opened the            15 engagement at once,
but soon fell into a panic when their arms and horses began to sink in the deep marshes. The
Germans, who knew the fords, came leaping across them, often leaving our front alone and running
round to the flanks or the rear. It was not like an infantry engagement at close quarters,
but more like a naval battle. The men floundered about in the water or, finding firm foothold,
strove with all their might for possession of it. Thus, wounded and whole, those who could
swim and those who could not, struggled helplessly with each other and perished all alike.
However, considering the confusion, our loss was less than might have been expected, for the
Germans, not daring to venture out of the marsh, withdrew to their camp. The result of this
engagement gave each of the generals a different motive for hastening on a decisive battle.
Civilis wanted to follow up his success, Cerialis to wipe out his disgrace. Success stimulated
the pride of the Germans; the Romans thrilled with shame. The natives spent the night singing
uproariously, while our men muttered angry threats.

At daybreak Cerialis formed up his cavalry and the auxiliary            16 cohorts on his front,
with the legions behind them, while he himself held a picked body in reserve for emergencies.
Civilis did not deploy his line, but halted them in columns,[522] with the Batavi and Cugerni[523]
on his right, and the forces from across the Rhine[524] near the river on the left. Neither
general followed the usual custom of haranguing the whole army. They rode along and addressed
their various divisions in turn. Cerialis spoke of the ancient glory of the Roman name and
of all their victories old and new. He urged them 'to blot out for ever their treacherous and
cowardly enemy whom they had already beaten. They had to punish not to fight them.
