The Jews were looking for the Messiah: the Romans thought of Vespasian. 
THE END OF THE REBELLION OF GERMANY 

After the severe setback in Trier [518] Civilis recruited his army from 14 in Germany, and pitched his camp near Vetera. The position was safe, and hopes to encourage his troops native to the memory of past victories there. [519 Cerialis] followed suit, with forces now doubled with the arrival of the Second, [520] Thirteenth and fourteenth legions, besides auxiliary troops, both on foot and on horseback, [521] he had received much of its summons and came running at the news of victory. General or dilatory, but a vast plain stretched between them. It was by swampy nature, and Civilis had built a dam that is projected towards the Rhine, which the current and flooded the adjacent fields. The treacherous nature of the land, where the shallow waters were hard to find, said against our men, who were heavily armed and afraid of swimming. The Germans, on the other hand, used the rivers, lightly armed, and tall enough to keep their heads above water. 

Provoked by the Batavian, the bravest of our soldiers opened participation while 15, but soon fell into a panic when their arms and horses began to sink deep in the swamps. The Germans, who knew the fords, came leaping through them, often leaving our front alone and running from side to side or backwards. It was a commitment by infantry, but more as a naval battle. The men broke into the water or, as the fulcrum to find the company, strove with all his might for the possession of it. Thus, injured and all those who could swim and those who could not, fought desperately with each other, killing all alike. However, bearing in mind the confusion, our loss was lower than might be expected, for the Germans, not daring to venture out of the swamp, they retreated to their camp. The result of this commitment gave each one of the generals a different reason to speed in a decisive battle. Civilis wanted to continue with its success, Cerialis to end his misery. The success encouraged the pride of the Germans, the Romans delighted with shame. The natives spent the night singing out loud, while our men muttered angry threats. 

At dawn Cerialis formed their cavalry and 16 auxiliary cohorts in front, with the legions behind them, while he himself has maintained a body got in reserve for emergencies. Civilis did not open his line, but stopped in columns, [522] with the Batavian and Cugerni [523] to his right, and the forces of all the [Rin 524] near the river on the left. General not followed the custom of haranguing the army. They rode along and went to their different divisions, in turn. Cerialis spoke of the former glory of the Roman name and all its old and new victories. He urged them to erase forever the enemy traitor and a coward who had already defeated. They had to fight not to punish them.
