Coffee, too. Their coffee was parts of meal, corn and so on. Work all week and
that's what they had for coffee.

"We used to sing, 'Swing low, sweet chariot'. When our folks sang that, we could really see
the chariot.

"Once, Jim Ferguson, a colored man, came to teach school. The white folks beat and whipped
him and drove him away in his underwear.

"I wanted so hard to learn to read, but I didn't even know I was free, even when slavery was ended.

"I been so exhausted working, I was like an inch-worm crawling along a roof. I worked till
I thought another lick would kill me. If you had something to do, you did it or got whipped.
Once I was so tired I couldn't work any more. I crawled in a hole under the house and stayed
there till I was rested. I didn't get whipped, either.

"I never will forget it--how my master always used to say, 'Keep a nigger down' I never will
forget it. I used to wait on table and I heard them talk.

"The only fun we had was on Sunday evening, after work. That was the only chance we got. We
used to go away off from the house and play in the haystack.

"Our folks was so cruel, the slaves used to whisper 'round. Some of them knew they was free,
even if the white folks didn't want 'em to find out they was free. They went off in the woods
sometimes. But I was just a little kid and I wasn't allowed to go around the big folks.

"I seen enough what the old folks went through. My sister and I went through enough after slavery
was over. For twenty-one long years we were enslaved, even after we were supposed to be free.
We didn't even know we were free. We had to wash the white people's feet when they took their
shoes off at night--the men and women.

"Sundays the slaves would wash out their clothes. It was the only time they had to themselves.
Some of the old men worked in their tobacco patches. We never observed Christmas. We never
had no holidays, son, no, sir! We didn't know what the word was.

"I never saw any slave funerals. Some slaves died, but I never saw any of them buried. I didn't
see any funerals at all.

"The white folks would come down to the cabins to marry the slaves. The master or mistress
would read a little out of a book. That's all there was to it.

"We used to play a game called 'Hulgul'. We'd play it in the cabins and sometimes with the
white children. We'd hold hazelnuts in our hands. I'd say 'Hulgul' How many? You'd guess. If
you hit it right, you'd get them all and it would be your turn to say 'Hulgul'. If you'd say
'Three!' and I only had two, you'd have to give me another to make three.

"The kids nowadays can go right to the store and buy a ball to play with. We'd have to make
a ball out of yarn and put a sock around it for a cover. Six of us would stay on one side of
a house and six on the other side. Then we'd throw the ball over the roof and say 'Catch!'
If you'd catch it you'd run around to the; other side and hit somebody, then start over. We
worked so hard we couldn't play long on Sunday evenings.
