"Coffee, as well. They made coffee derived from meal and corn, etc. They would work all week, and then they'd have that for coffee."

"When our folks would sing "Swing low, sweet chariot." We could actually see the chariot."

"At one point a colored man named Jim Ferguson came to teach at the school.  The white people there ran him out of town in his underwear, but not before they beat and whipped him."

"I had a strong desire to read, but even after slavery had ended, I still didn't realize that I was free."

"I was so tired form working that I felt like an inch-worm crawling on a roof. I worked until I thought any more work would be the death of me. If you had a job to do, you'd do it or you'd be whipped. One time I was so exhausted that I just couldn't work any further. I hid myself away, crawling into a hole under the house, and I remained there until rested. I didn't even get whipped for it."

"One thing I will never forget is that my masters would talk about "keeping a nigger down". That will remain with me always. I'd listen to them speak to one another during the times I was serving them at their tables."

"Our only fun was playing in the haystack on Sunday evening, after work.  That was the only time we could have fun."

"Our folks were cruel people the slaves would say in hushed tones to one another. Some of them were aware of their freedom, even if the white people tried to keep it from them. They would sneak off into the woods at times.  I wasn't allowed to go with them, because I was only a child."

"I saw a lot of the torment that the old folks endured there. My sister and I endured a lot after slavery was over. Even once we were supposed to be free, we remained enslaved for 21 long years. We didn't even realize it at the time. We were washing white folk's feet at night, and all the time we were supposed to be free."

"We'd wash our clothes on Sunday. It was the only time we would get for ourselves. There was older men who worked in the tobacco fields.  We never heard the words 'Christmas' or 'holiday'.  Those didn't exist in our world."

"We didn't have funerals for the slaves who died serving their masters. We knew some of them died, but we never saw them be buried."

"White people came down sometimes to marry slaves. The slaves owner would read from a small book and leave. That was all there was for the wedding."

"Sometimes we'd play a game with hazelnuts we called 'Hulgul'. We'd take them in our hands inside the cabins, and I'd say 'Hulgul'. You'd have to guess how many there were and if you got it right, then it was your turn to hold them.  If you got it wrong, you'd have to give me some of your hazelnuts until the amount I had matched the amount you'd guessed. We'd even play it with the white kids sometimes."

"These days if you want to play with a ball you can go to a store and buy one.  Back then, we'd have to make our own ball to play with from yarn and a sock. We would throw the ball over the roof, half of us on one side and half on the other. We'd throw it and say 'Catch!'.  If you caught the ball, you'd have to run around to the other side of the house and tag someone to go take your place.  We worked so hard, though, that we couldn't play long on Sunday evenings, because we were too tired."
