I crept upon my hands into a hole in a rock. The echo frequently caused the voice
of my barbarous master to resound in my ears; he had come again a little after in quest of
me, or at least to see what was become of me. Not having fallen upon the place where he thought
he left me expiring, he called upon me on all sides; but I would not answer him. I had resolved
with myself, either to perish with hunger, or to reach the borders of the sea, in hopes of
seeing some ship. I arrived at length, after ten days travel, having nothing to support me
but snails, and urine for my drink. The sight of a little fishing smack, which had anchored
near the land, redoubled my strength. I ran as fast as I could by the water's edge, endeavouring
to make them observe me by signs, and to get the captain to send a boat for me. But I had scarcely
entered upon the rocks which border on the sea, when I was seized by two young Arabs,[28] who
dragged me to some distance from the sea-coast. The fright occasioned by having fallen into
their hands, disappointment in having failed in my enterprise, and particularly hunger, had
altogether reduced me to such an extremity, that I would certainly have expired, had not they
very quickly given me some support. They took very great care of me, and from that day became
my masters. I had the charge of keeping their goats, for they have no other flocks, nor any
other livelihood but what they procure by means of their fish. They appeared to be a much more
pleasant people than those who inhabit the inland part of the country; they are more industrious.
About fifteen days afterwards, they informed me they were to conduct me to the Sultan; and
if they carried me thither, I believed they would meet with your master at the rendezvous,
and inform him that they had arrested me. I much wished, Sir," added he, "that you had been
with me, well convinced that you would have been happier, for I found no cause to be displeased
with these people. They often spoke to me about you; it appeared that they all had known of
you.[29] But at last we have met. What are they to do with us? Are they to conduct us to the
Emperor of Morocco?"

    [Footnote 28: The Arabs who dwell along that coast live upon their
    fish. They are exceedingly poor, but of much milder manners than
    the inhabitants of the interior parts, by whom they are greatly
    despised.]

    [Footnote 29: The jewels which I had given Sidy Mahammet had made
    so much noise through all the country, that the travelling Arabs
    who passed through our districts asked frequently at my companions
    in misfortune, when they met me--Es Brisson?]

After having heard the baker's history, I answered his inquiries to this purpose, that we were
to set out to Morocco, but that we had a very long journey to make. "We have much to suffer,"
added I, "as we must follow the track of the camels; I know not, besides, on what we are to
subsist, for we have no she-camels, and of consequence can have no milk.
