I crawled into a hole in a rock. My masters voice reverberated in my ears because of the echo. He came looking for me to check on my condition. He found me missing from the place he left me and started calling for me. I did not answer him as I decided to rather starve of hunger or find a ship at the borders of the sea. I survived for ten days on a diet of snails and urine. Finally I found an anchored fishing smack. This gave me a boost in my strength. I ran franatically towards the waters signing towards the boat in the hope to get the captain notice and send a boat to fetch me. But suddenly to my surprise I was grabbed by two not so old Arabs even before I barely reached the waters. The fear of falling into their hands and the dissappointment of failing in my attempt together with the hunger make me feel that I would not survive anymore. But due to the care and support of the Arabs I was still alive. They were my new masters now. I took care of their goats as there was no one to do it or as there was nothing else to do. They are hard working people and are more generous than the other people who lived in deep in the country. Finally two weeks later I was told that they were to conduct me to the sultan. I thought that they would randevous with your master and inform him about me. They would tell him about me. I had no reason to not be pleased with these men. It seems that they all knew you as they spoke about you often. So what are they going to do with us. Will they conduct us to the Moroccon emperor.


[Footnote 28: The Arabs who dwell along that coast live upon their fish. They are exceedingly poor, but of much milder manners than the inhabitants of the interior parts, by whom they are greatly despised.]

[Footnote 29: There was a great noise all over the country made by the jewels given to Sidy Mahammet by me. So Arabs who passed though our discticts taked to my companions about me.]

I heard the baker's history. In reply to his inquiries regarding his purpose I told him that we were to make a very long journey to Morocco. I said "We are going to suffer a lot, as we must follow the tracks of the camels. But as we have no she-camels, we have no milk and I dont know on what we are going to survive on.
