
"Dental student."

"How old are you?"

"Twenty-six."

"Married or single?"

"Single."

"Where were you born?"

"In Maine."

"What's the charge against this man?"

"Murder," replied Bulmer.

"Is that right?" asked Corbin, looking the prisoner in the eye.

"I believe that's what they say," replied Jackson.

Illustration: Between sobs and cries of "My Pearl, my Pearl," Mrs. Bryan identified the clothing.

Among other things found in Jackson's pockets were two carriage tickets on the Central Newport
Bridge. The tickets may prove to be of a great importance in the case, as it shows that the
prisoner was in the habit of crossing the bridge.

After Jackson had been searched he was led back to his cellroom by Detective Bulmer and Officer
Jake Bernhart.

Jackson had been locked in his cell but a few moments when Detectives Bulmer and Witte walked
into the station and suggested to Lieutenant Corbin that the prisoner be taken into the room
behind the receiving desk and thoroughly searched. The suggestion was acted upon at once, and
what may prove to be most startling evidence was discovered.

The clothing of the prisoner was all removed and two scratches were found on his right arm.
One scratch begins just below the elbow and extends almost to the wrist. It is almost three
inches long. The other scratch is much shorter and is on the wrist.

Spots of blood were also noticed on the right sleeve of the prisoner's undershirt. From the
appearance of the sleeve attempts had been made to remove the blood from the shirt.

"Where did that blood come from?" asked Lieutenant Corbin.

"I was bothered with bugs the other night and I scratched myself," answered the prisoner.

Jackson then said he had been troubled with some sort of a skin eruption for some time past,
and he pointed to some abrasions on his breast to confirm his story.

Nothing was discovered in neither garments of the man that would show that he had attempted
to conceal any papers or other evidence after his arrest.

WALLING ARRESTED

Alonzo Walling, Jackson's roommate, was arrested, at 3:30 Thursday morning, by Lieutenant Corbin,
and locked up at Central Station. It was thought when Jackson was arrested that night that
Walling had no connection with the matter, but later developments went to show that he knew
far more than either had admitted.

It was ascertained that the two men had been very intimate, and that they were together on
the night of the murder. It was also discovered that Walling had been intimate with a girl
in Louisville with whom Jackson was on more than friendly terms, and that both men had corresponded
with her.

The cause for Wallings arrest was a chance remark made by Jackson about two o'clock in the
morning. Shortly after being locked up Jackson called Turnkey Curren to him and said:

"I want you to get a chair and sit in front of my cell all night," said Jackson, who then exhibited
the first sign of appreciating his position.

"Are you afraid of getting lynched?" asked the turnkey.
