"I'm in dental college."

"Can I ask you your age?"

"I'm twenty'six."

"Are you married?"

"No, single."

"Where were you raised?"

"Maine."

"What did this man do?"

"He's accused of murder." replied Bulmer.

"Oh really?" Corbin questioned. Looking at the prisoner dead in the eyes.

"That's what I'm told." replied Jackson.

Illustration: As she cried "My Pear, my sweet Pearl," Mrs. Bryan identified the victims clothing.

Two carriage tickets were found in Jackson's pockets, for the Central Newport Bridge.  He obviously frequented this bridge, and it could be of great help to this case.

Detective Bulmer and Officer Jake search Jackson. Then lead him to his cell.

Right when Jackson arrived, it was suggested to Lieutenant Corbin that he be taken and immediately searched.  This tip may have ensured his conviction.

The prisoner had been scratched twice.  A small scratch on the wrist and another that goes the length of his forearm.

Blood was also noticed on the man's shirt. It looked as though he had tried to remove the sleeves as to get rid of any evidence against him.

"Can you tell me where that blood on your shirt came from?" asked Lieutenant Corbin.

The prisoner,"The bugs wouldn't quit pestering me and I scratched myself up pretty bad."

"I have a lot of scratches on me as you can see. I've had some sort of aliments on my breast here, you see, the blood doesn't prove anything."

It didn't seem as the man tried to hide the papers that were confiscated from him during his incarceration.

WALLING ARRESTED

Jackson's roommate,Alonzo Walling, apparently knew more than he had led on. He was arrested at 3:30 Thursday morning. When Jackson was arrested it was assumed Walling knew nothing of the incident, but evidence has proven different.

The two men had been intimate with the same woman from Louisville. They were also known to have been very intimate with each other as well.

Jackson's remark at two o'clock in the morning is what set sights on Walling. Right after he had been locked up Jackson called Turnkey Curren and said:

Could you please sit in front of my cell for me? I'd feel much safer if you did."

"Think you'll be hung?" replied the turnkey.
