Court of; changes in power of.
A'res (same as Mars).
Arethu'sa, fountain of.
A're-us, King of Sparta.
Ar'gives, the.
Ar'go, the ship.
Argol'ic Gulf.
Ar'golis.
Argonau'tic expedition, the.
Ar'gos, city of.
Ari'on, the poet.
Aristi'des, the Athenian general and statesman. At Marathon;
  rise of, in Athenian affairs; banishment of, and return to
  fight at Salamis; leadership and death of.
Aristi'des, a painter.
Aristoc'rates, King of Arcadia.
Aristode'mus, one of the Heraclidae.
Aristogi'ton. Conspiracy of, against the Pisistratidae, and death
  of; tribute to.
Aristom'enes, a Messenian leader.
ARISTOPH'ANES, the comic poet. Life and works of. Extracts from:
  The Wasps; Cleon the Demagogue; The Clouds; The Birds.
Aristot'le, the philosopher. Life and works of.
ARNOLD, EDWIN.--The Academia.
Ar'ta, Gulf of.
Artaba'nus, uncle of Xerxes.
Artapher'nes, Persian governor of Lydia.
Artaxerx'es Longim'anus.
Artaxerxes Mne'mon.
Ar'temis. (See Diana.)
Artemis'ia (she-a), Queen of Carin.
Artemis'ium. Naval conflict at.
Arts. (See Literature.)
As'cra. Birthplace of Hesiod.
A'sius (a'she-us). A marshy place near the river Ca-ys'ter,
  in Asia Minor.
Aso'pus, the river, in Boeotia.
Aspa'sia (she-a). Attacks upon.
Asty'anax, Hector's son. Fate of.
A'te, goddess of revenge.
Athe'na. (See Minerva.)
Athenodo'rus, a Rhodian sculptor.
Athens, and the Athenians; founding of the city; early history
  of; legislation of Draco and Solon; usurpation of Pisistratus;
  birth of democracy at; battle of Marathon; affairs of, under
  Aristides and Themistocles; war of, with AEgina, and settlement
  of; abandonment of city; successes of, at Artemisium and Salamis;
  at Plataea; empire of Athens; Athens rebuilt; affairs of, under
  Cimon; at battle of Eurymedon; jealousy of Sparta against;
  affairs of, under Pericles; changes in Constitution of; war
  of, with Sparta; reverses of, in Egypt, decline of, and thirty
  years' truce of, with Sparta; the "Age of Pericles"; war of,
  with Sparta; the plague at; violates the Peace of Nicias;
  Sicilian expedition of; war of, with Sparta, and revolt of
  allies; reverses and humiliation of; fall of Athens; the rule
  of the Tyrants; lead of, in intellectual progress; literature
  and art of; adornment of; glory of; alliance of, with Sparta;
  engages in the Sacred War; leads against Macedon; censured by
  Demosthenes; allies of, defeated by Philip; first open rupture
  with Macedon; alliance of, with Thebes, and defeat at Chaeronea;
  revolt of, against Alexander; captured by Antigonus; late
  architecture, sculpture, and painting of; immortal influence
  of; the Duchy of Athens; captured by Turks and Venetians;
  revolution at, against Otho.
A'thos, Mount, in Macedonia.
Atos'sa, mother of Xerxes.
Atri'dae, the. A term meaning "sons of Atreus," and applied by
  Homer to Agamemnon and Menelaus.
Attica.
"Attic Wasp," the.
Augustus, the Roman emperor.
Au'lis, on the Euripus.
Auso'nian, or Au'sones. An ancient race of Italy.
Aver'nus, lake of.
