
And what is the end of the ordinary friendship of neighbourhood? One of the girls leaves the
place and gets elsewhere a new set of the little social interests that bound them together.
They are not worth writing about, though they might have taken hours to talk them over, and
having less and less in common, her friends drift apart through lack of a strong tie to bind
them together, though, perhaps, they never quite drop.

A third and somewhat higher class of friendship is that formed over association in work, or
some deep common interest.

This will occur when girls meet to study some subject of real interest to both, not for the
mere sake of "doing something" after their school life has closed, but for the earnest use
to which they intend to put their requirements.

It may be art in one of its branches, or music, which, indeed, is art, too. One of the most
delightful of friendships I ever heard of was cemented over the task of acquiring the "accomplishment
of verse."

Or two girls may throw themselves heart and soul into benevolent Christian work, not, as I
said before, for the mere sake of "doing something," but because they really long to help their
fellow-creatures physically, morally, spiritually, for Christ's sake. Meeting in this way,
and fitted by natural character to be friends, they will probably become so, and, unless some
quarrel arise, caused by earnest difference of opinion, will, I think, remain so longer than
any I have mentioned before.

And now I come to speak of what I must consider the most perfect method on which a friendship
can be formed. I mean the elective friendship which depends on no accident of association or
neighbourhood, and is, to my mind, the most satisfying of all.

We cannot say what drew us to our friend. We met her for a few days at a country house, or
were introduced to her casually at a dinner-party. Nothing in ordinary circumstances would
have been more likely than to part and meet no more. But we did not part; something had united
us--we felt we must see more of each other.

This attracting something lends a strange charm to friendship, and, whether the two are alike
or unlike, it matters little--they are sure to be helpers and sympathisers, because, it seems
to me, and I say it with all reverence, this something which we cannot define is a God-given
bond of union. The two are meant to be friends--meant to act beneficially upon each other;
and, perhaps, because they cannot understand it or reason over it, the tie proves stronger
than they or anyone can break.

They may be thrown together in any of the ways I have suggested, but with a difference; then
neighbourhood, association, was the primary element in the formation of the friendship; now
it is secondary to the elective attraction. Both feel that their souls would have come together
in whatever circumstances they had met.

I cannot think these elective friendships ever really cease, though a quarrel, a misunderstanding
may break them seemingly for ever.
