The Boxers had changed their plans on finding that they couldn't carry the mission buildings by assault, and now attempted to starve out the defenders. It wasn't often a single Boxer was to be seen, even though there were hundreds within a stone's-throw. Every building that could be spotted from the mission had a Boxer flag on it, and every house facing it had been strengthened. From these houses the Boxers, fired on the mission, the residential part of which was in a ruined condition. To get from the platforms to the mission house was a work of danger, for some trained Chinese soldiers, they could look down into the enclosure, they fired every time of the defenders was seen. They used excessive amounts of ammunition, but without drawing the fire of the missionaries and their friends.

Another week went by--quite possibly there worst week yet. Two more died from fatigue or starvation. The mule which had drawn the missionaries' trap for some years, had been killed and skinned, and in the course of two or three days the last of it would be eaten. When that was gone there would not be aminiscule amount of food left. If it had not been for the women and children, the men would have made a sortie and died.

'We must remain where we are for their sake,' Barton declared, and no one argued with him. Then they tried to find a way to stretch what little mule flesh was left; but the rations were already so small that it seemed impossible.

'What's that?' Charlie announced, suddenly. 'Didn't you hear anything?'

'only the shots those boxers fired off,' Fred replied.

'No, not that. I thought I heard someone cheering.'

'Imagination, I'm afraid,' Barton said, sorrowfully, but he had uttered the words when the sound of firing in the distance was heard.

'Relief!' Charlie declared, excitedly. 'I'm certain it was an English cheer which I heard.'

'The firing is not in the town,' Ping Wang remarked, 'and look the boxers are leavin.'

The sound of the firing had clearly caused the most excitement among the Boxers. They streamed out of the houses and ran off towards the gates through which the advancing force, would have to enter the town.

The sound of shots in the distance was now becoming louder, and a fierce fight was raging somewhere near the town gates. Soon they knew that the force attacking the town was winning, Severeal scared Chinamen ran off to find a place to hide.

three fourths of an hour after the first sound of firing was heard by Charlie and his friends, a loud, undeniable British cheer rang through the air.

'They've come into the town,' Fred exclaimed, and cheered excitedly."
