The Boxers had altered their plans on finding that they could not carry the mission buildings
by assault, and now relied upon starving out the defenders. By day or by night scarcely a single
Boxer was to be seen, although hundreds were within a stone's-throw. Every building that could
be seen from the mission had a Boxer flag planted on it, and every house facing it had been
fortified. From these houses the Boxers, day and night, fired on the mission, the residential
part of which, except the basement, was in a ruined condition. To cross from the platforms
to the mission house was a work of danger, for some trained Chinese soldiers, who had joined
the Boxers, were by no means bad shots, and, as they could look down into the enclosure, they
fired every time that one of the defenders was seen. They used a large amount of ammunition,
but without drawing the fire of the missionaries and their friends.

Another week passed--the most disastrous that the besieged had gone through. Two more of them
had died from fatigue, fever, and want of proper food. The mule which had drawn the missionaries'
trap for some years, had been killed and skinned, and in the course of two or three days the
last of it would be eaten. When that was gone there would not be an atom of food left. If it
had not been for the women and children, the men would have made a sortie and died facing overwhelming
odds.

'We must remain where we are for their sake,' Barton declared, and the rest agreed with him.
Then they discussed how to make the remainder of the mule-flesh last a day or two longer than
they hoped; but they were already on such short rations that it was almost impossible to reduce
them.

'What's that?' Charlie exclaimed, suddenly. 'Didn't you hear anything?'

'Only those two shots which the Boxers fired,' Fred replied.

'No, not that. I thought I heard a cheer.'

'Imagination, I'm afraid,' Barton said, sorrowfully, but he had scarcely uttered the words
when the sound of firing in the distance was heard distinctly.

'Relief!' Charlie declared, excitedly. 'I'm certain it was an English cheer which I heard.'

'The firing is outside the town,' Ping Wang remarked, 'and the Boxers have heard it. Look,
they're leaving their shelter.'

The sound of the firing had evidently caused the greatest excitement among the Boxers. They
streamed out of the houses and ran off in the direction of the gates through which the advancing
force, whether friend or foe, would have to enter the town.

The sound of firing in the distance now became louder, and it was plain that a fierce fight
was raging somewhere near the town gates. Soon they knew that the force attacking the town
was winning, for several terror-stricken Chinamen rushed past the mission, seeking some place
in which to hide.

Three-quarters of an hour after the first sound of firing was heard by Charlie and his friends,
a loud, unmistakably British cheer rang through the air.

'They've entered the town,' Fred exclaimed, and cheered wildly.
