He wrote: "Mr. Adams shows
more calmness and good sense than any of the American Ministers abroad." (Russell Papers. To
Russell, Dec. 12, 1862.)]

[Footnote 842: Russell Papers. Lyons to Russell, Dec. 22. 1862.]

[Footnote 843: Lyons Papers. Russell to Lyons, Jan. 3, 1863.]

[Footnote 844: December 1, Brunow related an interview in which Russell expressed his "satisfaction"
that England and Russia were in agreement that the moment was not opportune for a joint offer
to the United States. Russell also stated that it was unfortunate France had pressed her proposal
without a preliminary confidential sounding and understanding between the Powers; the British
Government saw no reason for changing its attitude. (Russian Archives. Brunow to F.O., Dec.
1, 1862 (N.S.), No. 1998.) There is no evidence in the despatch that Brunow knew of Russell's
preliminary "soundings" of France.]

[Footnote 845: Various writers have treated Roebuck's motion in 1863 as the "crisis" of intervention.
In Chapter XIV the error of this will be shown.]

CHAPTER XII

THE EMANCIPATION PROCLAMATION

The finality of the British Cabinet decision in November, 1862, relative to proposals of mediation
or intervention was not accepted at the moment though time was to prove its permanence. The
British press was full of suggestions that the first trial might more gracefully come from
France since that country was presumed to be on more friendly terms with the United States[846].
Others, notably Slidell at Paris, held the same view, and on January 8, 1863, Slidell addressed
a memorandum to Napoleon III, asking separate recognition of the South. The next day, Napoleon
dictated an instruction to Mercier offering friendly mediation in courteous terms but with
no hint of an armistice or of an intended recognition of the South[847]. Meanwhile, Mercier
had again approached Lyons alleging that he had been urged by Greeley, editor of the New York
Tribune, to make an isolated French offer, but that he felt this would be contrary to the close
harmony hitherto maintained in French-British relations. But Mercier added that if Lyons was
disinclined to a proposal of mediation, he intended to advise his Government to give him authority
to act alone[848]. Lyons made no comment to Mercier but wrote to Russell, "I certainly desire
that the Settlement of the Contest should be made without the intervention of England."

A week later the Russian Minister, Stoeckl, also came to Lyons desiring to discover what would
be England's attitude if Russia should act alone, or perhaps with France, leaving England out
of a proposal to the North[849]. This was based on the supposition that the North, weary of
war, might ask the good offices of Russia. Lyons replied that he did not think that contingency
near and otherwise evaded Stoeckl's questions; but he was somewhat suspicious, concluding his
report, "I cannot quite forget that Monsieur Mercier and Monsieur de Stoeckl had agreed to
go to Richmond together last Spring[850]."
