The gentleman recorded in his own hand: "The Honorable Mr. Adams demonstrates more composure and level-headedness than the whole of the coterie of American ministers oversees." (Russell Papers. Addressed to Russell,  12 December 1862)]

[Footnote #842: Russell Papers. To:Lyons. From:Russell, 22 Dec 1862.]

[Footnote #843: Lyons Papers. To:Russell. From:Lyons, 3 Jan 1863.]

[Footnote #844:December 1st, Brunow shared the jist of an interview in which Russell conveyed his "satisfaction" that England and Russia concurred that the time was not right for a mutual overture to the United States. In addition, Russell opined that it was lamentable that France had pursued its proposition without an exploratory plumb and concord between the Powers; the British Government perceived no development that should change its collective attitude. (Russian Archives. To:F.O. From:Brunow, 1 Dec 1862 (N.S.), No. 1998.)  There is nothing in the despatch to indicate that Brunow was aware of Russell's exploratory "plumbing" of France. 

[Footnote #845: Sundry writers have portrayed Roebuck's motion of 1863 as the "catastrophe" borne of interference. In Chapter 14, I will show how this is wrong.]

CHAPTER 12

THE EMANCIPATION PROCLAMATION

The irrevocablility of the British Cabinet  resolution in November, 1862, regarding the motions for mediation and intervention, was not understood at the juncture but over time proved that it would not go away. The British newspapers were rife with insinuations that the initial trial might more graciously have issued from France as she was believed to be on more cordial terms with the United States[#846]. Other individuals, conspicuously Slidell in Paris, agreed with this assessment, and on January 8, 1863, sent a memo to Napoleon the 3rd, requesting separate acknowledgement of the South. The following day, Napoleon gave instructions to Mercier proposing non-hostile mediation in gracious language, but with no reference to a possible truce or aim to recognize the South[#847]. In the meantime, Mercier had once again cornered Lyons claiming that he had been beseeched by Greeley, the New York Tribune editor, to advance an independent offer to France, but that he thought that this might be counter to the tight accord heretofore enjoyed in Anglo-French relations. However, Mercier continued that if Lyons were not inclined to the proposal for intercession, he meant to advocate to his Government its granting him the right to proceed solo[#848]. Lyons said nothing to Mercier about it, but then sent a communication to Russell, saying "I'll not mince words, I want the contest to be settled without interference from England."

Seven days later, the Russian Minister, Stoeckl, also visited Lyons anxious to find out how England would feel if Russia were to go it alone, or team with France, excluding England from the proposal to the North[#849]. The basis for this was the belief that the North, tired of the struggle, might request the auspicious services of Russia. Lyons answered that he doubted that undertaking would happen anytime soon, and moreover dodged Stoeckl's further inquiries; nevertheless, he was rather wary, ending his report with the note, "I am not able to quite put out of my mind that Mssrs. Mercier and de Stoeckl had assented to travel together to Richmond last vernal season[850]."
