"Why, sir," said the mate, "I'd no idea you were a sailor at all! What would you do yourself now, if you are  supposed to be in the case you put a while ago? "Well, sir, "said Mr. Collins," I shall tell you at once, if you will do it." 

At this stage in old Jack' story, the cabin-boy boy came after her, and said, that the captain called him. Old sailor knocked his pipe to drop the ash, that he had smoked regularly in short puffs, kept it in his pocket of the jacket, and exited from the windlass end. Man-o-war's-man said, "Why, old ship!" and "you are going to leave us stranded with short wire?" "I can not help it, bo," said old Jack, "orders should be obeyed", you know, 'and off he went. "Well, guys," said one, "which was a picture of the time, if the yarn has been renewed already? I have not heard it myself." "would be blessed if I know," said many - "Old Jack did not prime the last time he got now." Man-o-war's-man said "More good luck!" "Oh, I hope he comes ready next time." 

From Fraser Magazine in June. 

Something About the murder. 

Founded on facts. 

Barbara Comyn was a fair and gentle girl, the only daughter of the sternest and strictest old ministers that were close to Calvin. Yet Mr. Comyn was  conscientiously thorough in all his views, and when he frowned, he has not noticed through the love of frowning, but that he wanted the gathering clouds, over his eyebrows, so down to those eyes, he frowned as showers of repentance than the refresh and give the green soul of sin and withered from the sere hard and hot suns of vice. He is a true, noble and good man, a little narrow mind and hypocritical religion, it can be, but completely incapable of guilty ungenerous or dishonorable act. Yet much he loved winsome daughter, because he prized him for dead woman's sake, that so long as he lay on his chest, had brought comfort, and joy to him, and honor, he was something too hard and his tight-fisted efforts and caresses, and the liberal gift of unnecessary reprimand. Very difficult, so was discontent when he confessed to her, and many blushes, that he loved a young relative of the Episcopal, John Percival. 

Cousins have not been brought together, nor does it have not even met before their age had passed his twenty-fifth, a girl in her nineteenth year. But we do not believe that young people are more prone to fall in love during their education period together with a sort of family home life. These facts argued with fictional event, but realities have convinced us that such things rarely happen, and if we are lucky enough to have their own children, and will welcome a daughter or son marry a particular individual, we must take good care not just to conceal our intentions , but keep a couple apart from all the brother and sister of communism, until every heart begins to be a natural desire for a comfortable life, - when the sooth, it looks to the other as brothers and sisters dwell.
