"Why, sir," says the mate, "I'd no notion you was a seaman at all! What would
you do yourself now, supposin' the case you put a little ago?" "Well, sir," says Mr. Collins,
"if you'll do it, I'll tell ye at once."

At this point of old Jack's story, however, a cabin-boy came from aft, to say that the captain
wanted him. The old seaman knocked the ashes out of his pipe, which he had smoked at intervals
in short puffs, put it in his jacket-pocket, and got off the windlass end. "Why, old ship!"
said the man-o'-war's-man, "are ye goin' to leave us in the lurch with a short yarn?" "Can't
help it, bo'," said Old Jack; "orders must be obeyed, ye know," and away he went. "Well, mates,"
said one, "what was the up-shot of it, if the yarn's been overhauled already? I didn't hear
it myself." "Blessed if I know," said several--"Old Jack didn't get the length last time he's
got now." "More luck!" said the man-o-war's-man; "'tis to be hoped he'll finish it next time!"

From Fraser's Magazine for June.

SOMETHING ABOUT A MURDER.

FOUNDED ON FACT.

A Fair and gentle girl was Barbara Comyn, the only daughter of one of the strictest and sternest
old ministers that ever adhered to Calvin. Yet Mr. Comyn was thoroughly conscientious in all
his views; and when he frowned, he did it not through love of frowning, but that he hoped,
by gathering a cloud upon his brows, to bring down from those eyes upon which he frowned such
showers of repentance as refresh and make green the soul sin-withered and sere from the harsh
and hot suns of vice. He was, in truth, a worthy and good man; somewhat narrow of mind and
bigoted of creed, it may be, but utterly incapable of committing an ungenerous or dishonorable
action. Still, greatly as he loved his winsome daughter, much as he prized her for that dead
woman's sake, who, as long as she lay in his bosom, had brought him comfort, and happiness,
and honor, he was something over-harsh with her, niggardly in the bestowing of caresses, and
liberal in the gift of unnecessary rebuke. Very severe, then, was his displeasure, when she
confessed to him, with many blushes, that she loved her young Episcopalian kinsman, John Percival.

The cousins had not been reared together, nor had they even met before the youth had passed
his twenty-fifth, the girl her nineteenth year. But we are not of the opinion that young people
are the more prone to fall in love with each other for the being educated together in a sort
of family domesticity. Such facts are contended for in fiction, but realities have convinced
us that such things seldom happen; and if we ever have the fortune to possess children of our
own, and wish a son or daughter to wed a particular individual, we shall take good care, not
only to conceal our intentions from them, but to keep the pair apart from all brother-and-sister
communism, until such time as each heart begins to have its natural craving for a congenial
spirit,--when, in sooth, it looks for others than brothers and sisters to cling to.
