Have you ever happened to witness a steam-boat pulling a row-boat which has a man in the bow? If you ever do in the future, you will notice that it is only a matter of time before he falls overboard. Any kind of boat will stumble all over everything if you tow it with a man standing there in it. Just sit someone heavy up in the stern, and it'll clear its way under any bridge you throw at it."

The young men heeded the old man's words graciously. Oncethe boat was baled out and dry, they brought the rope down, and when it was tied up tight, Tom Schuyler, the heaviest among them, offered man the stern. Because of him sitting there, the bow of the boat sipped out from the water, and the whole thing was towed easily all the way through. The boys manned their positions right after Harry put on some dry clothes, and after a quick and painless rowing, floated underneath the Spuyten Duyvel railway bridge, where they found themselves drifting easily down the majestic and sprawling Hudson River. Rowing for about a mile, they found a cove. They decided to run the boat aground and then wentup onto dry land for a good rest. After some swimming, which arelaxed and soothed all of them, including Harry.  He had said that his recent dip at Farmersbridge shouldn't be counted, as it was more of a necesity than a pleasure at the time. They all plopped down to eat the cold ham sandwiches Mrs. Wilson made for them earlier. After satiating their hunger, they stretched out lazily under some trees.

"Let's see here, fellas," started Harry, "we made a huge blunder at that bridge back there; but we learn from our mistakes, right? We're not gonna get the boat that swamped like that again."

"I owe a lot to Harry for jumping in for me when I went overboard," said Joe. "But, honestly, it's the first time captain jumped over after one of his sailors, as far as I know. When a sailor takes a trip overboard, the captain usually stands onboard and looks around, as if he's not paying any attention. Meanwhile, a second mate or someone jump into a lifeboat and rescue the poor guy. That's how it's supposed to go down. I know this one guy that saw a man go overboard on an old steam-boat, and he told me that that's exactly how it all happened."

"OK, fine," said Harry. "If you want, next time I won't jump in after you, Joe. See, guys, The fact of the matter is that I shouldn't have gone in without first finding out if tJoe was fine or not. I'll tell you what's gonna happen next time: Joe can swim pretty well, so we'll make it a rule that whenever somebody jumps into the river, for any reason, Joe'll do it. How's that sound?"

"Sounds good to me," said Joe. "It doesn't bother me who jumps, unless it's the captain. It doesn't look good if we have the captain jumping overboard just to save somebody al the time."

"You know what would be better?" asked Tom "If no one ever fell overboard! That'd be a better rule to follow."

"I would like to add something to that," shouted Jim, "We should forbid any accidents from happening right out."

"But, that's impossible!" said Tom. He never did understand a good joke. "If people could help themselves, there'd never be any accidents!"

"Well," Harry said, "if you all promise not to fall off the boat, then I'll promise that I, as captain, will not jump in after you. Now, if we're all ready, we should get a move on.
