In a lot of places around here, the streams being dammed up, and the schmendricks fishing with nets and stuff, had started to hurt the bunches of them, but it wasn't til modern times that the factory activities out in the boonies really started to hog the water power of the the bigger rivers and to block them up with big ole dams so that the salmon couldn't get to the places they went to park (wink, wink, nudge, nudge). The blokes putting up the dams didn't waste any time doing just that, and they had a darn good excuse when the people in the population explosion were carping about not having enough grub.

In 1865, the fishermen who prefered salmon were nowhere to be found in 25-26 of the thirty odd rivers that had been the government-funded housing for them fish until recently. In a lot of these cricks, someone had just caught the last of the buggers, and in others of them, you could find a salmon maybe if it was leap year Februrary 29. If you have to have specifics, well, those watrerholes that ran out of uncanned salmon included the Connecticutt (not the state) at nearly 380 miles long; the Merrimack (not the boat), 180 miles long; the Saco, 120 miles longl the Androscoggin, 220 miles long; and twenty others your author here is too lazy to list. People were still making a living fishing the pink fish in these rivers coming now: the Penobscot, the Kennebac, the Denny's (not the breakfast chain), the East Machias, the Saint Croix, and the Aroostook, which contributes to the Saint John (although I hear tell he ain't no saint). You could get the biggest catches in the Penobscot, I'm talking 5000, to twice that, of the fishy-poos in just a year. That there Kennebec sometimes would let go of 1200 from January to December, but that's a big chunk less. Them other streams was even stingier.
 
The mob clamoring for building up the fishermen's operations in this area came together as a result of some stuff done in the law house of New Hampshire (God help us), and muscled over by some racketeering done by Massachusetts, followed by heavy breathing, coz the both of them were looking at the boys fishing the Merrimack (not the boat) and Connecticutt (not the state) Rivers. That Merrimack sleazes along in the bounds of New Hampshire and Massachusetts en total, the Connecticutt, that's a different story: it's oozes partly in the state of the same name, and many of its offshoots are in Vermont state. So these here two states were hankering early on to get in on the racket, and their promotions got some of the other dudes to working early on -- I be talking about Rhode Island (not the rooster) and Maine (mmm, lobsters). Inside of the half dozen states I just got through yammering about, known by some round here as "New England" (duh), are all the USA rivers that the cruising Salmo salar pissed in, excepting maybe a few rivers I won't mention, plus the tributary to the Saint Lawrence (the less said about Larry, the better), up in the highlands of New York (I heart).

The governors of these states had gone and ginned up some boards with commissioners and that type of carp (I'm dyslexic) who's was to get on dumping a lot of salmon from elsewhere into those fishless waterways. Other states (the copycats) followed on doing the same damn things, and before you knew it (1872 to be specific), the US Gubberment made its own commission to snoop in on how the fisheroos were doing and what they was wanting for medicinal purposes, and they gave themselves the juice to get all up in the fish faces and get them to propogate (wink, wink, nudge, nudge) for the sake of dinners for us humans.

The gangsters, er, commissioners from New England focused their laser beams toute suite on a couple of other fishies that liked to move around (and were tasty too), the salmon (no wait, I thought we had already talked about those) and the shad. The rubbing out (with prejudice) of the salmon that used to cruise most of the states' rivers was really sticking in their craw, and they wasn't going to stand still for doing nothing about it, so they gets this idea: let's figure out a primo way to steal a bunch of them from the Limeys or Frenchies, over across the Big Pond, to put in our fish ghettos.
