Both sides received excellent practice during our stay. On the 26th one of our gun shells hit a Boer water-cask, consequently shattering it; the next day a Boer shell fell directly into a party of Lancers and fatally injured four horses. Another day I heard more than fifty shells falling around the 4.7 gun, and as the shooters wanted to find safety, the gun remained intact. 

With the exception of our gunfights, the camp was untouched. The trenches, of course, were manned day and night, but we played numerous games during our spare time. Goal posts had been set up sporadically, and Lord Methuen’s proposition of a football (or soccer, as the Americans would call it) match led to healthy, but enthusiastic, competition among us.

Many sick and wounded men headed to Wynberg hospital joined our ranks; they were more lucky than Colonel Downman, Lieutenant Campbell, Lieutenant Fox, and a Swede whose name I believe was Olaf Nilsen—I passed their graves just before we left. At their graves, more than a hundred yards from the front line, I observed unadorned wooden crosses. 

Not too long after we left the Modder a great storm approached, forcing the birds into hiding and the crickets to finally quiet. The thunder shook my eardrums, the lightning blinded my eyes, and the rain was so torrential that I couldn’t see but two meters in front of me. 

We paused at Orange River, and while someone suggested we hunt snakes along the riverbed, everyone knew they were to be avoided. The rinkhals in that area are incredibly venomous; I recall a Kaffir who once told me that he watched his brother die within two hours of being bitten. Tragically, his mother and sister were there as well.

When we arrived at Enslin we heard tales of a sergeant and a private who had been accidentally shot by a sentry in their own regiment, and I became thankful that we were not so careless. 

A while later we witnessed an incident for ourselves, as one of our corporals from Johannesburg ran across three volunteer recruits from Uitlander. They didn’t recognize him in his uniform, and he played a dirty joke on them by making them believe they were privy to a medical inspection. However, in the end all he exclaimed was, “salute your general!”
