During our stay on this occasion some excellent
practice was made on both sides. On the 26th a shell from our gun struck a Boer water-cask
and smashed it to bits; next day a Boer shell fell plump into a party of Lancers and killed
four horses. On another occasion more than fifty shells--so I heard--fell round the 4.7 gun,
and although the gunners were compelled to seek cover the gun was absolutely uninjured.

Apart from this interchange of artillery fire the camp was undisturbed. The trenches were of
course manned day and night, but spare time was filled up to some extent by various games.
Goal posts were visible here and there, and Lord Methuen had offered a challenge cup for "soccer"
football, the ties of which were being keenly contested.

We took on board a fresh load of sick and wounded men--chiefly the former--bound for Wynberg
hospital. Just before we left I walked a hundred yards from the line and saw the graves of
Colonel Downman, Lieutenant Campbell, Lieutenant Fox, and a Swede called, I think, Olaf Nilsen.
The graves were marked by simple wooden crosses: those who were enemies in life lay side by
side in the gentle keeping of Death, the Healer of Strife, for so the Greeks of old time loved
to call him.

Soon after leaving the Modder the sky grew black with clouds, the birds hid themselves from
view and the veldt-cricket ceased from his monotonous chirrup. Then all at once the storm burst
upon us. The lightning played incessantly and sheets of rain blotted out the kopjes and the
veldt from view. It was in weather like this that our poor fellows advanced through the darkness
upon the Magersfontein trenches!

At Orange River we halted for some time, and somebody suggested a snake hunt in the scrub,
but no one seemed very keen about this form of sport. The "ringhals" in the veldt are very
deadly. I remember speaking to a Kaffir about them and asking him if he had known of any fatal
bites. He replied, pathetically enough: "Yes, sah, a brudder of me--two hours, he was dead--mudder
and sister and me was there".

Near Enslin a most unhappy accident had occurred. A sentry of the Shropshire had seen two figures
advancing in the evening towards his post, had challenged, and, failing to get the prescribed
reply, had fired off seven bullets into the two supposed Boers, who turned out to be a sergeant
and private of his own regiment. By a miracle both these wounded men ultimately recovered,
but while we were at Enslin we heard that the poor sentry was absolutely prostrated by grief
and horror over the unfortunate affair.

At a station lower down a lighter incident took place. A corporal from our train, a Johannesburg
man, in taking a short stroll came across three Uitlander volunteer recruits. They did not
for the moment recognise their quondam acquaintance in his uniform, so he called "Halt!" The
recruits became rigid. "Medical inspection," cried the corporal--"Tongues out!" Three tongues
were instantly thrust out. "Salute your general," was the next order.
