Surface arrangements.

The surface arrangements from the modern deep colliery contain much extent and compound.  The head gear as well as the pit frame that carries the guide pulleys are the bicentric feature.  The guide pulleys lead the winding ropes from the axis of the pit to the drum.  The frame is upright and is most often made out of steel or even wrought iron and is ruffled by diagonal thrust beams against the engine-house wall or other solid abutments.  The bearings of the guide pulleys can be anywhere from eighty to one-hundred feet, or sometimes more, above ground level.  This is so that there is plenty of space for the cages which are the landing platforms that are normally placed at a height that is higher than the natural surface.  Made even up to twenty feet, the pullys are of as ample size as possible in diameter so that as to decrease the effect of flexing strains in the rope that might be caused by change in direction.  They contain channelled cast iron rims and arms made of wrought iron.  This combination of rigidness and toughness helps keep the weight down.

Sometimes accidents occur.  Many different safety catches as well as hooks that disconnect have been made available. There are two fairly common types of accidents that have been known to happen.  The first is the rope being broken while the cage is in transit inside the shaft.  Another is the possibility of the rope being over wound when the engine fails to stop in time causing the cage to pull up to the head-gear pulleys.  Formally, the contrivances were made up of levers or cams that contained toothed surfaces or gripping shoes that were mounted on transverse axes that were attached to all sides of the cage.  The function was to support the cage by taking hold of the guides just in case it came apart from the rope.  Springs connect the opposing axes and they are kept in compression by tension of the rope in drawing but start to work whenever the pull is let go.  The side axes bite into the wooden guides or grip the ones made of ropes or steel bars.  The contrivances are more used in collieries in Europe.  Some countries consider them obligatory.  In England they are not favorited because of the doubtfullness in action as well as the dragging of the guides when the rope presents slacking.

Detaching hooks are used so that accidents, such as over-winding, can be prevented.  The hooks are made of a 2 parallel plates that are joined by a bolt in the middle which forms a scissors joint.  This is joined by chain links to the cage underneath and the winding-rope on top.  The outermost sides of the link are shaped with protruding lugs on top.  When shut by the load that the width is enough to let it enter a funnel-shaped guide on a cross-bar of the frame some distance above the bank level but after reaching the portion of the guide that is most narrow, the plates are impelled apart and the ropes are released.  This allows the lugs to come in contact with the top of the cross-bar and thus secures the cage and helps it not to fall.

There are three principal patterns that are in use here.  They belong to King, Ormerod, and Walker and are commonly efficient anticipating the speed of the cage is not extravagant.
