past the garden is the city's water supply, the kingly Thames, with barges floating like dead sardines, tiny rowboats and grand cruise ships.  Among the dark, grey buildings there is another plot of fertile ground with a fount that always runs and yet another, a neatly manicured lawn with trails and flower plots on the river's edge.  "It is here in the Middle Temple, there is not one soul to disrupt the penetrating solitude, quite unlike the larger garden of the Inner Temple that you have released.  Chairs are awry, and the enticing summer homes made for profound thought and philosophy stand vacant and devoid of human flesh.  You would tend to think that the benchers earmarked this garden only for deceased legal elites; the garden on the the other site is exclusive to the living sages.  Knowing this, we feel obligated to doff our caps to those who have gone before us as we stroll by this solitude where we believe they have been sentenced to walk."  

A rouge structure is the great corridor of the Middle Temple, embroidered with an oak panel robbed from the Spanish Armada. It is the passageway where a Templar dines his way to the liquor counter, but if he is not hungry, he does not have to eat more than three meals as long as he pays for the entire 14. "Soon, before the clock hand over the doorway points to five, distinguished men can be seen scurrying in the maze that join the Temple from all points and finally conjoin in the yard before the hall.  Supper will not wait for any man; no man waits for supper.  Robes are given to students in the dressing room for which a small rental payment is made and, when cloaked in the garb, the student is presented in the hall.  But now the hall is not quiet and reserved.  It is a burst of light and hurried activity.  The tables are set for dinner in a tight, fixed arrangement.  A multitude of candles light crowds of robed men relaxing in their chairs or conversing in circles or hastily searching for the best seat by putting a spoon in a plate.  All of a sudden, an ear splitting pound bangs the door.  Everyone hurries to their seats.  The door opens grandly with servants placed on either side, bowing down to introduce the benchers as they parade toward their platform.  The head servant bangs the table three times with his hammer to quiet the room, saying a prayer before the meal, then the celebration starts."  Grades of the hierarchy are scrutinized and arranged upon the platform accordingly.  The benchers' table is on another dais across the hall.  In the heart of the hall, tables are arranged lengthwise with the lawyers seated near the dais, and the students are left to hustle for random spots.  The tables are arranged to seat four, and each table has its unique dinnerware, thus providing its own party.
