Beyond the garden is the great water highway of the metropolis, the princely Thames, with its
crowding barges, its flashing skiffs, and sweeping steamers. Among the gloomy buildings there
is yet another garden-plot, with a fountain in constant play; and yet another, a smooth-shaven
lawn, with paths and flower-beds, on the brink of the river. 'Here, in this garden of the Middle
Temple, there is no human presence to disturb the profound quiet of the place, as in the more
spacious garden of the Inner Temple which you have lately quitted. Seats are scattered about,
and pretty summer-houses invite to study or contemplation, but they are unoccupied by any visible
presence. One is inclined to imagine that the Benchers have dedicated this garden to the exclusive
occupation of the dead luminaries of the law, as the garden on the other side is devoted to
its living oracles. With such a fancy, we always feel disposed to take off our hat to the invisibles,
as we pass the tranquil spot where we suppose them to be "doomed for a certain time to walk."'

A red building on the right is the magnificent hall of the Middle Temple, with the carved screen
of oak taken from the Spanish Armada. This is the hall in which the Templar eats his way to
the bar; but if he should have no appetite for such dinners, it is not necessary that he should
devour more than three, provided he pays for the whole fourteen. 'Shortly before the hand on
the dial over the doorway points to five, crowds of gentlemen may be seen hurrying through
the labyrinthine paths that intersect the Temple in all directions, and concentrating at the
yard before the hall, for dinner there waits for no man, and, better still, no man waits for
dinner. Gowns are provided for the student in the robing-room, for the use of which a small
term-fee is paid, and, thus habited, he is introduced into the Hall. But it is now no longer
hushed and sombre, but a scene of brightness and bustle. The tables are spread for dinner in
close and orderly array; wax-lights in profusion blaze upon them; a multitude of gowned men
are lounging on the seats, or talking in groups, or busily looking out for the most agreeable
places, which are secured by simply placing the spoon in the plate. Suddenly a single loud
thump is heard at the door. All rush to their seats: it is opened wide; the servants range
themselves on either side, and between their bowing ranks behold the benchers enter in procession,
and march to the dais allotted to them. The steward strikes the table three times with his
hammer to command silence, says a grace before meat, and the feast begins.' Gradations of rank
are closely observed. 'The benchers' tables are ranged upon the dais, across the hall. The
tables in the body of the hall are placed lengthwise, the barristers occupying those nearest
to the dais, and the students taking the others indiscriminately. They are laid so as to form
messes for four, each mess being provided with distinct dishes, and making a party of itself.
