They naturally appear in transition or preferably after the junior class, but they absolutely do not need new themes for a child, his literature is designed for handwork in both experiments somewhat prepared for her history is; the nature of his work, especially her around and record, is ready for its geography. He needs to expand the experience is literally true and that it is increasingly coming to appreciate, to true stories can be seen in its growing demand, no doubt what most kids childhood and generally recognized between the extreme literalism is passed through a phase as the boyhood and girlhood. They started asking questions about the past, they "abroad," however vague interest in things that may be words to them.

Perhaps it would be best to treat two different subjects, although at this stage they are confused and like all children course inextricably mixed with each other and with literature, as men's life experiences and practices.

Geography lies at the foundation of children's early experience. Perhaps the first real contact unconscious, though it may be, in this respect is that any child is through the production of food and clothing. Sees both the beginning of a country kid, but it really questionable how much it is interpreted by him, with its immense reserves the village shop on the way to perhaps make more sense than the original, and he never behind your content can not in their speculations. It is true that the milking, harvesting sees, sheep - shearing, and many other functions, but he often missed the actual start and finished products between the platform between wool - sheep Sunday on the back and his clothes among the wheat, region and loaf bread. Many city children if she can use those links: Boxcar, docks, does grocer, grocer or draper's shop in the street is Green Aliens, van arrived in the morning through the quiet streets, large cities, Covent Garden or Leadenhall or the like Smithfield Market, our Humber Mersey or any one of these as a start from the outside world to reach our little atmosphere - can river. A city kid so what a farm really confused idea of means to national life and what a great railway station or dock includes a country boy. To know all the kids look like other parts of their own country, and what is needed is produced, and they should find their origin within the reach of products, and the solution or Aberdeen, coal mines Fishing will also include details of such things as wells or Lanarkshire, Stafford districts utensils, woolen and Yorkshire and Lancashire, mills powered by steam, air and water, lighthouses, Cumberland, and the sheep follow Midlothian districts Sun Northern Ireland rising, and more factories and the cotton, and transit and communication between all these means.
