They would naturally appear in the
transition or the junior class, preferably in the latter, but they need not be wholly new subjects
to a child; his literature has prepared him for both; to some extent his experiments in handwork
have prepared him for history, while his nature work, especially his excursions and records,
have prepared him for geography. That he needs this extension of experience can be seen in
his growing demands for true stories, true in the more literal sense which he is coming fast
to appreciate; undoubtedly most children pass through a stage of extreme literalism between
early childhood and what is generally recognised as boyhood and girlhood. They begin to ask
questions regarding the past, they are interested in things from "abroad," however vague that
term may be to them.

Perhaps it will be best to treat the two subjects separately, though like all the child's curriculum
at this stage they are inextricably confused and mingled both with each other, and with literature,
as experiences of man's life and conduct.

The beginnings of geography lie in the child's foundations of experience. Probably the first
real contact, unconscious though it may be, that any child has in this connection is through
the production of food and clothing. A country child sees some of the beginnings of both, but
it is doubtful how much of it is really interpreted by him; the village shop with its inexhaustible
stores probably means much more in the way of origins, and he may never go behind its contents
in his speculations. It is true he sees milking, harvesting, sheep-shearing, and many other
operations, but he often misses the stage between the actual beginning and the finished product--between
the wool on the sheep's back and his Sunday clothes, between the wheat in the field and his
loaf of bread. The town child has many links if he can use them: the goods train, the docks,
the grocer's, green-grocer's or draper's shop, foreigners in the street, the vans that come
through the silent streets in the early morning; in big towns, such markets as Covent Garden
or Leadenhall or Smithfield; such a river as the Thames, Humber or Mersey--from any one of
these beginnings he can reach out from his own small environment to the world. A town child
has very confused notions of what a farm really means to national life, and a country child
of what a big railway station or dock involves. All children need to know what other parts
of their own land look like, and what is produced; they ought to trace the products within
reach to their origin, and this will involve descriptions of such things as fisheries at Hull
or Aberdeen, the coal mines of Wales or Lanarkshire, pottery districts of Stafford, woollen
and cotton factories of Yorkshire and Lancashire, mills driven by steam, wind and water, lighthouses,
the sheep-rearing districts of Cumberland and Midlothian, the flax-growing of northern Ireland,
and much else, and the means of transit and communication between all these.
