They would appear naturally in the transition or
the junior class, which was preferably in the latter, but they need not be wholly new subjects to a child; His literature has been prepared for both and some extent to his experiments in handwork which have prepared him for history, while his natural wokr, especially his excursions and records, have also prepared him for geography. He needs this extension of experiences that can be seen in his growing demands for true stories,which is true in the more literal sense in which he is coming to fast to appreciate; undoubtedly most children pass through a stage of extreme literalism between their early childhood and what is generally recongnized a boyhood and girlhood. They will begin to ask questions regarding the past, they are only interested in things form "abroad," however vaguely that term may be to them.

Perhaps it is best to treat the two subjects separately, even though like all the children curriculum at this stage. They are inextricably confused and mingled. Both with each other and with literature, as experiences of man's life and conduct is learned.

The beginnings of geography lies in the child's foundations of experiences. Probably the first real contact, unconsciously it may be ,that any child has in this connection is through the production of food and clothing. A country child sees some of the beginnings of both, but it is doubtful on how much of it is really interpreted by him; the village shop with its inexhaustible stores probably means much more in the way of origins, and he may never go behing its contents in his own speculations. It is true he sees milking, harvesting, sheep-shearing, and many other operatins, but he often misses the stafe between the wool on the sheep's back and his Sunday clothes, between the wheat in the field and his loaf of bread. The town child has many links if he can use them: the goods train, the docks, the grocer's, green-grocer's or draper's shop, foreigners in the street, the vans that come driving through the streets in the early moring hours in a big towns, such markets as Covent Garden or Leadenhall or Smithfield; such a river as the Thames, Humber or Mersey -- from any one of thiese beginnings he can reach out from his own small environment to the world. A town child has very confused notions of what a farm child really mean to an natural life, and a country child may be confused on what a big railway station or dock is. All children need to know what other parts of their own land look like, and what it produces, the ought to trace back the products that is within reach to their origin, and this will involve some descriptions of such things as fisheries at Hull or Aberdeen, the coal mines of Wales or Lanarkshire, pottery districts of Stafford, woollen and cotton factories of Yorkshire and Lancashire, mills driven by stream, wind and water, lighthouses, the sheep-rearing districts of Cumberland and Midlothian, the flax-growing of northern Ireland, and much else and the means of transit and communication between all these.
