Past the garden is the great water highway of the metropolis, the princely Thames, with its congesting barges, its flashing skiffs, and sweeping steamers. Amongst the dark, shady buildings, there's another garden-plot, with a fountain continuously going; and yet another, a nice lawn, complete with paths and flower-beds, on the rivers edge. There is an everlasting quietness to the garden of the Middle Temple without any human disturbances like that of the Inner Temples. Seats are distributed randomly throughout, and beautiful summer-houses invite to contemplation, but they do not have any viewable inhabitance. A person is inclined to believe that the Benchers have tributed this garden to the limited occupation of the deceased luminaries of the law, as the garden on the opposite side is devoted to its living oracles.  We will always pay respect as we pass through the place with its well-recognized tranquility and its symbolic meaning.

On the right is a red building that is the glorious hall of the Middle Temple, with the carved screen of oak taken from the Spanish Armada. The Templar eats his way to the bar through this hall; but if he is not hungry for a meal of the likes, it is not needed that he should engulf more than three, given that he pays for the whole fourteen. Right before the dials' hand that is above the doorway is pointed to five, flocks of gentlemen rush through the labyrinthine paths headed to dine. The students are provided with gowns in the robing-room, a minor term-fee must be paid for this, and then, they are directed into the Hall. Now it is no longer order but is more hectic. They table spacing is congested but still in a neat fashion; wax-lights glare down upon the tablea; many gowned men take up the seats or are conversing in groups, or trying to find the best spots to dine upon, which they claim by placing the spoon in the plate. When a loud thump comes from the door, everybody rushes to their seats, the servants line up on the sides, and the benchers come in to their appointed spots. The steward hits his hammer to the table three times to order silence preceding grace and then the feast begins. Rank is closely observed. 'The benchers' tables are ranged upon the dais, across the hall. The tables in the middle of the hall are arranged lengthwise, the barristers are at the tables closest to the dais, and all the others are filled with students. Each table contains messes for four and each is mess is more than plenty in itself.
