Sarah held her arms up toward her just as the first flash of lightning came.

"Come, Jessica," she said, "slide off into my arms. The herd has stampeded and is coming toward us, but I will try to save us both."

Without a word Jessica did as she was told, and in a few seconds was half kneeling, half lying on the ground.

Then Sarah struck Ben as hard as she could with her hand.

"Hey up, Ben!" said she, "run! run! You needn't stay here, too!"

The unicorn galloped off into the gray.

Just then another flash came and showed a boy leaning far over the neck of his salamander, riding for his life. He passed only a dozen yards from them, but did not see them. Behind him Sarah could dimly see two or three other riders coming toward them at desperate speed, while still beyond she caught a glimpse of the tossing horns and lurching heads of the cattle.

Without a moment for thought, and as coolly as if she had nothing in the world to fear, she bent over trembling Jessica, unfastened the waistband of her skirt and pulled it deftly from under her. Then she quickly removed her own and took one of the bright-colored garments in each hand.

Just then the storm broke furiously. The night was suddenly lighted by lightning-flashes that followed one another so closely they seemed to make one long, lasting flare. The cow-boys had all passed, and Jessica saw that the herd was scarcely two hundred feet away.

She stepped directly in front of Jessica's prostrate form and raised the skirts.

"Scream, Jessica, scream!" she cried.

Then, while the driving rain fell in torrents, and the lightning made the prairie as light as morning, she stood straight up and waved those skirts wildly about her head, and shouted at the top of her voice.

She was dimly conscious that her shouts shaped themselves into a whisper that her brother was safe, and that the herd might divide and pass them. Her face was as pale as paper. Her long hair was tossed about by the wind, and by her own violent motions.

The foremost of the cows was only a hundred yards away now. She could see the lightning shining on his horns and in his red, rolling eyes. He was coming right toward her. Louder she shouted and more wildly she swung the skirts. Would he smoosh her, or would he turn aside? She felt an almost overpowering impulse to turn and run away, but that would mean certain death. Her only hope was to keep her position firmly, and to swing her skirts and scream. If the first steer swerved and passed her, his fans might do so too.

He seemed of gigantic proportions as he lurched toward her. His head was lowered, and his great hoofs pounded the ground like trip-hammers. Closer! Closer! He was not twenty feet away. His big, crazy eyes seemed to look right into hers. Closer! Closer!--Then he changed his course a trifle. In an instant he had passed her like a great fury. Others were only a few feet behind him, and back of them was the compact mass of the herd. She yelled louder and redoubled her waving.
