Martha held her arms up toward
her just as the first flash of lightning came.

"Come, Scylla," she said, "slide off into my arms. The herd has stampeded and is coming toward
us, but I will try to save us both."

Without a word Scylla did as she was told, and in a few seconds was half kneeling, half lying
on the ground.

Then Martha struck Dan as hard as she could with her flat hand.

"Hey up, Dan!" said she, "run! run! You needn't stay here, too!"

The horse galloped off into the darkness.

Just then another lighting-flash came and showed a cow-boy leaning far over the neck of his
pony, riding for his life. He passed only a dozen yards from them, but did not see them. Behind
him Martha could dimly see two or three other riders coming toward them at desperate speed,
while still beyond she caught a glimpse of the tossing horns and lurching heads of the cattle.

Without a moment for thought, and as coolly as if she had nothing in the world to fear, she
bent over trembling Scylla, unfastened the waistband of her dress-skirt and pulled it deftly
from under her. Then she quickly removed her own and took one of the bright-colored garments
in each hand.

Just then the storm broke furiously. The night was suddenly lighted by lightning-flashes that
followed one another so closely they seemed to make one long, lasting flare. The cow-boys had
all passed, and Martha saw that the herd was scarcely two hundred yards away.

She stepped directly in front of Scylla's prostrate form and raised the skirts.

"Scream, Scylla, scream!" she cried.

Then, while the driving rain fell in torrents, and the lightning made the prairie as light
as day, she stood straight up and waved those skirts wildly about her head, and shouted at
the top of her voice.

She was dimly conscious that her shouts shaped themselves into a prayer that her brother was
safe, and that the herd might divide and pass them. Her face was as pale as paper. Her long
hair was tossed about by the wind, and by her own violent motions.

The foremost of the cattle was only a hundred yards away now. She could see the lightning shining
on his horns and in his red, rolling eyes. He was coming straight toward her. Louder she shouted
and more wildly she swung the skirts. Would he crush her, or would he turn aside? She felt
an almost overpowering impulse to turn and run away, but that would mean certain death. Her
only hope was to keep her position firmly, and to swing her skirts and scream. If the first
steer swerved and passed her, his followers might do so too.

He seemed of mammoth proportions as he lurched toward her. His head was lowered, and his great
hoofs pounded the ground like trip-hammers. Closer! Closer! He was not twenty feet away. His
big, crazy eyes seemed to look straight into hers. Closer! Closer!--Then he changed his course
a trifle. In an instant he had passed her like a great fury. Others were only a few feet behind
him, and back of them was the compact mass of the herd. She screamed louder and redoubled her
waving.
