Martha's arms were held up by her, towards her as the first flash 
of lightning came to her .

She asked Scylla to come and slide off into her arms.She also told 
that she will try to save both of them from the herd , which is 
stampeded and is coming towards them . 

Scylla did the same what she was told without the word , and she 
was half kneeling , half lying on the ground in a few seconds.

Then Dan was struck by Martha as hard as possible by Martha with 
her flat hand .

Then she asked Dan to hey up and run because he also need not to 
stay there .

The horse also found to be galloped off into the darkness.

Then there showed a cow boy leaning far over the neck of his pony , 
who is riding for his life , just when another lighting-flash 
came.He was not able to see them , even if he passed only a dozen 
yards from them .Martha caught a glimpse of the tossing horns and 
also lurching heads of the cattle when she could dimly see two or 
three other riders coming towards them at desperate speed.

Then without taking a moment for thought she bent over trembling 
Scylla and unfastened the waistband of her dress skirt and pulled 
it deftly from under her and she looks as cool as she had nothing 
in the world to fear .Then she took one of the bright colored 
garments in each hand of her after removing her own .

Then the night was sudenly lighted by lightning-flashes when the 
storm broke fruriously , then there seemed to make one long lasting 
flare when those lightning flashes followed one another.Martha saw 
that the herd was scarcely two hundred yards away after all the 
cow-boys had passed.

She raised the skirts and stepped directly in front of Scylla's 
postrate form .

She cried and asked Scylla to scream .

Those skirts were waved wildly about her head ,as she stood 
straight up , when the driving rain fell in torrent and the 
prairies also look as light as day by the lightning , and she 
started shouting at the top of her voice .

Now her face was look as pale as paper and even her own violent 
motions and the wind make her long hair tossed as she was very 
conscious about the fact that her shout shaped themselves into a 
prayer , that the herd might divide and pass them and her brother 
was safe .

And when the cattle was only a hundred yards away , she now can 
easily see the lightning shining on his horns and his red rolling 
eyes . There are two things started to come in her mind whether he 
crush her or would he turn a side ,when he was coming straight 
towards her . Now she started shouting more loudly and swung the 
skirts more wildly . Then there also comes an idea which definitely 
leads to certain death when she felt an almost overpowering impulse 
to turn and run away. The only possible option for her now is to 
keep her position firmly and continue to scream with swinging her 
skirts . Then she thinks that the followers might do the same if 
the first steer swerved and passed her .

As he lurched toward her he seemed of mammoth proportion .His great 
hoofs lookeed like trip hammers as it pounded the ground . It 
becomes closer and closer . He was even not twenty feet away.She 
was looked straight into his big crazy eyes . Again after some 
closeness he just change his course a trifle and passed her like a 
great fury , then there exist a compact mass of herd , as others 
were only a few feet behind him . On seing this she screamed louder 
and redoubled her waving .
