If you think that the culprit should reflect on his crimes, then you must consider that he always does, under any punishment, however minor. He must be aware of the cause that places him under the coercion and regret it. This reflection only makes him more sorry for having been caught than for committing it. To reflect properly in solitude, there must be some thoughts stored in the mind or boks must be read to provide those thoughts. If these are supplied, no mind will be able to resist the temptation of mental stimulation for long if kept in solitary confinement. But if a mind is totaly deprived of any sources of reflection, it can only be expected that every day will diminish its powers until it is rendered callous and unimpressable, or in the end imbecile and unable to be responsible for its own acts. The Americans do, in the solitary penitentiaries, teach those under 25 to read, and then they leave them alone.

Retrospective Gleanings.

The Stationers Company.

From the most authentic records, it appears that the company of stationers, or text-writers, who wrote and sold numerous books, including the A.B.C, with the Paternoster, Ave, Creed, Grace, large portions of the Bible and even the whole Bible itself, dwelt in or about Paternoster Row. Hence, in that neighbourhood is Creed Lane, Amen Corner, Ave Maria Lane, all of which are named after some scriptural allusion. Also living here were turners of beads, who were called Paternoster-makers, as recorded by Robert Nikke "Paternoster-maker and Citizen" during the reign of Henry IV. The company of stationers is of great antiquity. By the authority of the lord mayor and court of aldermen, they formed a guild (or fraternity) in 1403, and had their ordinances made for the good government of their fellowship. Once constituted, they regularly met under the governance of a master and two wardens. The first meeting hall was in Milk Street.

Shakespeare.

The titles of Africanus, Asiaticus, Macedonicus, Numidicus and Parthicus we given by the Romans in memory of their victories over the peoples of those countries. The Emperor of China, among other titles, takes that of Tiensu, or son of Heaven. The Orientals are very fond of titles. For example, the simple Governor of Schiraz after a pompous enumeration of qualities and lordships, adds the titles of Flower of Courtesy, Nutmeg of Consolation and Rose of Delight.

After the old Roman manner, the King of Spain has a whole page of titles, to express the several kingdoms and signories of which he is master. Henry IV or England, had the title of "Grace" conferred on him; Henry IV, that of "Excellent Grace".
