If it is meant the culprit should reflect
on his having done wrong, I answer this he always does, under any punishment, however slight:
he cannot but be aware of the cause which places him under coercion, and regret it. This kind
of reflection only makes him more sorry for having been detected in his crime, than for having
committed it. To reflect with advantage in solitude, there must be some materials stored in
the mind; or books must be read to furnish these materials: if these be supplied, however unwilling
a being may be to reflect, no mind will be long able to resist the temptation of mental employment,
if in continual solitude. But if a mind, totally void of sources of reflection, be shut up
in a cell for years, or even for months, what can be expected but that every day will stultify
its powers, and at last render it callous and unimpressable; or in the end imbecile, and so
weak as to be irresponsible for its own acts! The Americans do, it seems, in their solitary
penitentiaries, teach those to read who cannot under twenty-five years of age; and then they
leave them.

       *       *       *       *       *

RETROSPECTIVE GLEANINGS.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE STATIONERS' COMPANY.

It appears, from the most authentic records, that the company of stationers, or text-writers,
who wrote and sold all sorts of books, formerly in use--namely, the A.B.C., with the Paternoster,
Ave, Creed, Grace, &c. to large portions of the Bible, and even to the whole Bible itself,
dwelt in and about Paternoster Row. Hence we have in that neighbourhood, Creed Lane, Amen Corner,
Ave Maria Lane, &c., all which places are named after some scriptural allusion. Here dwelt
also turners of beads, who were called Paternoster-makers, as we read in a record of one Robert
Nikke, "Paternoster-maker and Citizen," in the reign of Henry IV. The company of stationers
is of great antiquity. By the authority of the lord mayor and court of aldermen, they formed
into a guild, or fraternity, in the year 1403, and had their ordinances made for the good government
of their fellowship. Thus constituted, they regularly assembled, under the government of a
master and two wardens. Their first hall was in Milk-street.

H.B.A.

       *       *       *       *       *

TITLES.

SHAKSPEARE.

The Romans gave the titles of Africanus, Asiaticus, Macedonicus, Numidicus, Parthicus, &c.,
in memory of the victories obtained over the people of those countries. The Emperor of China,
among his titles, takes that of Tiensu, son of Heaven. The Orientals are extremely fond of
titles: the simple Governor of Schiraz, for instance, after a pompous enumeration of qualities,
lordships, &c., adds the titles of Flower of Courtesy, Nutmeg of Consolation, and Rose of Delight.

The King of Spain, after the old Roman manner, has a whole page of titles, to express the several
kingdoms and signories of which he is master. Henry IV. of England had the title of "Grace"
conferred on him; Henry VI. that of "Excellent Grace;"
