In this case there has been no examination under oath. Mr. George Lunt, has sworn, "so help me God," that Charles Gideon Davis, a Counselor of this Court, has aided in rescuing the prisoner. Yet, so help him God! he knew nothing about the facts. He has made oath to the form of the Statute, and no more. 
Mr. Lunt here intervenes and said it was the custom for the District legal representative to swear to complaints on hearsay evidence. 
Mr. Dana--But this is not stated as hearsay. It is sworn to as a fact. Charles G. Davis "did rescue," and the above named George Lunt made oath to the truth of the facts. As a question of conscience, I leave it with that officer to settle with him. As a matter of law, as a matter of vital importance to every citizen, as a great question of constitutional law, I earnestly protest against the issuing of warrants on the mere formal oaths of official persons, representing a party in the proceedings, and utterly ignorant of the facts they swear to. If it be a custom, it is more honored in the breach than in the observance. But I deny that it is the custom. Complaints are sworn to by persons knowing the facts always in the State Courts, and in my experience in the Federal Courts. If the prosecuting officer is obliged to swear to them, for want of other witnesses, he only swears to his information and belief. 
In closing my prolonged remarks, let me recapitulate our case. Mr. Davis is not the man to urge others to acts he dares not commit himself. He believes this dreadful statute unconstitutional, a violation of our moral sense, a great breach upon the safeguards of freedom every where. Yet he will oppose it legally, by speech, by the pen, and in Court. He will not yield to it any voluntary obedience, but he will not use force, or counsel citizens to use force to set aside the laws. He rejoices that Shadrach is free. Every right minded man rejoices that he is free. Sober second thought teaches him and all of us that violent counsels are weak counsels. Better had it been for the cause of freedom, if, when the Marshal called out to shoot the prisoner, some armed minister of the law had shot dead the unarmed, unoffending man! Better had it been for him, and the cause of those like him, if John H. Riley, instead of flying to the window, had plunged that sword to the hilt in the heart of the captive! Better if this temple of justice, which has already been turned into a slave jail, and a slave market, had also been made the shambles and the grave! 
While we uphold the public peace and the dignity of all laws, let us regard with tenderness and consideration that poor class of oppressed men, our Negro population, on whom the statute falls with the terrors and blackness of night. When one of their number, by his industry and abilities has raised himself to the dignity of a place in this bar, it was with mortification I heard him insulted, yesterday, on the stand, by an officer of court, who pointed him out, in giving his evidence, as "the little darkly lawyer."
