Mr. George Lunt has brought witness to the fact that Charles Gideon Davis has aided in rescuing the prisoner. This statement was not made under oath, but rather only in form of the oath. In his very words, "so help me God." Yet he knew nothing of the facts of the matter. In prevention of registry of hearsay evidence, Mr. Lunt himself stated that the District Attorney managed such procedures, and, as such, he was not under oath.

To this, Mr. Lunt swore to the truth of the facts: Though not under strict oath, this statement was not hearsay--it was pure fact that Charles Gideon Davis rescued the prisoner. As the matter of law stands, a vital importance to every citizen, I protest against issuing warrants solely on the basis of formal oaths: the man clearly knows nothing of the facts of the matter, yet testifies that the man is guilty.

The oath itself is not customary. It is sworn by persons knowing the facts in the court, and without such an oath administered, we cannot be certain of any facts--moreover, that he does not know these facts.

But I grow verbose. Allow me to summarize our case: Mr. Davis would never provide motivation to act as he would not act himself. Such would be a violation of the moral laws of humanity itself, a breach upon the safeguards of freedom everywhere. Yet he will oppose it legally, by constitutional means, in speech and in pen, and in court. He will not yield to it in voluntary obedience, but he will not coerce or use force to achieve his personal ideals.

He rejoices the Shadrach is free. Every right-minded man with any respect for freedom and law rejoices that Shadrach is free. What man of sane mind and red blood would care to see an innocent man dead by the squad!

While we must uphold the public peace and the dignity of laws, consider with mercy our oppressed men, our resident negro population, upon which we force the law's harshest word with no question. Let us consider one of their number, who, by his industry and ability has raised himself to a position of dignity in this court, is insulted on the stand by an officer of the court, whose only justification for such an act is, in his very words, "the little darkey lawyer."
