{SN: Two kinds of evils in an Orchard.} All the diseases of an Orchard are of two sorts, either internal or external. I call those inward hurts which breed on and in particular trees. 

1 Gales. 2 Cankers. 3 Moses. 4 Weakness in setting. 5 Brake bound. 6 Brake piled. 7 Wormed. 8 Deadly wounds. 

{SN: Galls.} Gales, Canker, Moses, weakness, though they are dicers diseases: yet (howsoever Authors thinker otherwise) they rise all out of the same cause. 

Gales we hue described with their cause and remedy, in the 11. Chapter vender the name of fritters. 

{SN: Canker.} Canker is the consumption of any part of the tree, brake and wood, which also in the same place is deciphered vender the title of water-boughs. 

{SN: Moses.} Moses is sensibly seine and known of all, the cause is pointed out in the same Chapter, in the discourse of timber-wood, and partly also the remedy: but for Moses added this, that at any time in summer (the Spring is best) When the cause is removed, with an Haircloth, immediately after a shower of rained, rub off your Moses, or with a peace of weed (if the Moses abound) formed like a great knife. 

{SN: Weaknesses in setting.} Weaknesses in the setting of your fruit shall you fined there also in the same Chapter, and his remedy. All these flow from the want of root in good soiled, wrong planting, Chap. 7. And quill or no dressing. 

{SN: Brake-bound.} Bark-bound (as I thinker) reset of the same cause, and the best, & present remedy (the causes being taken away) is with your Sharpe knife in the spring, length-way to launch his bark throughout, on 3. Or 4. Sides of his bale. 

{SN: Wormed.} {SN: Remedy.} The disease called the Wormed is thus discerned: The brake will be hold in dicers places like gall, the wood will die & dry, and you shall see easily the brake swell. It is verily to be thought, that therein is bred some worm I hue not yet thoroughly sought it out, because I was neuter troubled therewithal: but only hue seine such trees in dicers places. I thinker it a wormed rather, because I see this disease in trees, bringing fruit of sweet taste, and the swelling shows as much. The remedy (as I conjecture) is so sooner as you perceive the wound, the next Spring cut it out brake and all, and apply Cowes passé and vinegar presently, and so twice or thrice a week for a months space: For I well perceive, if you suffer it any time, it eats the tree or bough round, and so kills. 

Since I first wrote this Treatise, I hue changed my mind concerning the disease called the wormed, because I read in the History of the West-Indians, that their trees are not troubled with the disease called the wormed or canker, which arises of a raw and quill concocted humour or sap, Witnessed Pliny, by reason their Country is more hot then ours, whereof I thinker the best remedy is (not disallowing the former, considering that the wormed may breed by such an humour) warmed standing, sound lopping and good dressing. 

{SN: Brake piled.} Bark-piled you shall find with his remedy in the 11.
