Only the most distinguished persons of interest from every corner of Europe were extended invitations to this, the most illustrious of events.  Guest would be invited to stay in fully furnished accommodations, and would amuse themselves with a variety of activities, including social balls and sporting tournaments.  Once everyone had arrived, Giovanni Galeazzo would escort the newlyweds to his palace from the church.  Hundreds of tables filled the great hall, set for the most dignified guests, not least of which was Francesco Petrarca (other tables for lesser guests were situated in neighboring rooms).

Seneschals, dressed to impress for the occasion, brought gold and silver platters heaped in food.  Wine was brought around the hall on horseback, and served in impressive gold, silver, or crystal cups.  It may seem unusual in this day and age to imagine a servant cavorting around the dinner table on the back of a horse, but if nothing else, it illustrates just how large these halls must have been.  This also explains why the mansions of nobles rarely have staircases as we know them, as it would be quite difficult to maneuver a horse up a flight of stairs today.

Eighteen courses would make up the dinner, and between the dishes the groom would collect or present gifts, so that by the time the plates had been cleared, each one of Lionel's guests had something precious in their hands, not including the extravagant clothing distributed to the actors and other performers, made special for this very event.

This is a formal account of the dinner, paraphrased to conserve space.  The first course was glazed pork, smoke still steaming from their snouts; the second consisted of rabbit and pike, also glazed; third, trout and veal (assume, unless otherwise noted, that all meats are similarly gilded); fourth, fish a small game birds like quail, or partridge; fifth, ducks and more fish; sixth, sturgeon, beef, and capons in a garlic sauce; seventh, a second round of veal, and capons in a lemon sauce; eighth, savory beef pies, followed by sugar and cheeses; ninth, more meats - a fowl of some sort, and fish in an unidentified jelly; tenth, unspecified meats, and lamprey; eleventh, roasted goat, plus more bird-meat and fish; twelfth, more rabbit and venison, and fish made with sugar and vinegar juice; thirteenth, beef and deer with a sweet lemon juice; fourteenth, capons, fowls, and tench, presented with foil colored red and green; fifteenth, small birds, such a pigeons, plus beans and carp; sixteenth; more rabbit, plus peacocks and lemon-roasted eel; seventeenth, a course of cheese and soured milk.  And finally, an eighteenth course made up of the most expensive and hard to find fruits from around the world.

As stated earlier, in between each of these course the duke was presented with an extravagant gift, the first being a pair of leopards, come complete with shiny buckles and soft velvet collars.
