The most illustrious personages were invited from
every part of Europe; tournaments, balls, and other diversions, occupied the guests, who were
all furnished with splendid apartments, till the whole company being assembled, Giovanni Galeazzo
conducted the newly-married couple from the church to his palace. In one immense hall were
laid out a hundred tables for the most distinguished guests, including the mightiest princes
in Italy, the most beautiful women, and the most celebrated characters of the age; among whom
we must not omit to mention Francesco Petrarca. Other tables were placed in the adjoining apartments.
Seneschals, in the most sumptuous dresses, brought in the massive dishes of gold and silver.
The cup-bearers performed their duties on horseback, galloping round the hall and handing the
choicest wines in costly vases of gold, silver, or crystal. This custom of servants waiting
at table on horseback appears singular in our time, but it serves to give an idea of the splendour
of other days and the enormous size of the apartments. It also tends to explain why most of
the noble mansions still extant from the time of which we speak, instead of a staircase, have
a gradual ascent of bricks, generally leading to a hall of large dimensions. And frequently
we see evident tokens that flights of steps have been substituted in later times.

The banquet consisted of eighteen courses; and between each course presents of various kinds
were offered to the bridegroom, or distributed by him; so that before the dinner had ended,
Lionel had presented every individual around him with some article of value, besides 600 richly
embroidered garments which he had given to the mimes and players engaged for the occasion.

Here follows a formal account of the dinner, but we must economise our space. The first course
consisted of young pigs, gilded, with flames issuing from their mouths; the second, of hares
and pike, likewise gilded; the third, of gilded veal and trout; the fourth, of partridges,
quails, and fish, all gilded; the fifth, of ducks, small birds, and fish, all gilded; the sixth,
of beef, capons with garlic-sauce, and sturgeon; the seventh, of veal and capons with lemon-sauce;
the eighth, of beef-pies, with cheese and sugar, and eel-pies with sugar and spices; the ninth,
of meats, fowl and fish in jelly (potted, we presume); the tenth, of gilded meats and lamprey;
the eleventh, of roast kid, birds, and fish; the twelfth, of hares and venison, and fish with
vinegar and sugar; the thirteenth, of beef and deer, with lemon and sugar; the fourteenth,
of fowls, capons, and tench, covered with red and green foil; the fifteenth, of pigeons, small
birds, beans, salt tongues, and carp; the sixteenth, of rabbits, peacocks, and eels roasted
with lemon; the seventeenth, of sour milk and cheese; and the eighteenth, of fruits of the
rarest and most expensive kinds.

At each of these courses the duke received a separate gift--beginning with a pair of leopards,
with velvet collars and gilded buckles.
