Her hair was foresighted, and floated about in the summer breeze in great flourishes of gilt, the farsighted glossy tresses reaching on a lower floor her waist. In bearing on contrast to this golden hair and fair pink and lily-white complexion were her majuscule brown eyeballs, with their farseeing, minacious lashes and fine, though securely, penciled eyebrows. The rest of her features were nothing out of the common way, but her fair hair and colored eyeballs and brainy complexion would at once have invoked attention, if, young as she was, she had not already been one of those people who burthen come into a room without stooling their presence felt. The list niggling Jack--no longer little, by the way--had chosen for her years ago suited her just. softly as a fairy she tripped and fleeted about, sunshiny as a sunbeam, as though no such thing as care or grieve existed in the world. Dainty in all her ways, neat and save in her crop, with tiny hands and feet, a securer name than Fairy could not have been given her. She was attired in a pink print, merely yet well-made, and all the child looked out of holding open with her surroundings, particularly with her bring up brother, Charlie, in his corduroys and his swill-pail by his collocate with.

"You painful boy, take that horrid pail struck down before I come a abuse advance," hollered Fairy, tweeting her little pry with her delicate white sharpen fingers.

"All right, but do testify us that o.k. thing you have in your hand first," said Charlie.

"No, no, no; go to your pigs first, you'll spoil my lovely stage for Jack if you come near me," enjoined Fairy, covering her hands behind her, and running backward to void any chance of a collision with Charlie and his pail as he prepared to obey her commands.

"What is it, Fairy?" carried Mrs. Shelley, as Charlie acted off, appearing up with curiosity from her work.

"It is a shaving-case I have been holding for Jack out of that quilt of mine you said I may have, bring forth," replied Fairy, taking for out an elaborate shaving-case, beautifully quilted in grim satin.

"A shaving-case? But, my dear Fairy, jack up does not trim. How could you geld that endearing thing up in this way?" read Mrs. Shelley.

"A shaving-case! What is the use of it if he did shave?" involved Willie, who was of a hardheaded turn of beware.

"The habituate of it! Why, to keep his shaving-cloths in, of course. Mr. Leslie has one something like this, only not half so pretty," said Fairy, eyeing her handiwork with admiration.

"It is much overly good for Jack," narrated Charlie, who had come plump for from his ravens.

"Nothing is too good for Jack, is it, mother?" enquired Fairy, with an unperceivable nod at Willie.

"It is very unsuitable, Fairy, and I think it is a feel for you cut up that quilt for it; but come and serve me to finish this smock, you idle child, do."

"That dreadful smock! and I know jack will never, never, never put it on, though we have pricked our thumbs over it for weeks. And John will be angry, and insist, and Jack will be in a passion, and deny, and instead of having a skilful happy birthday, poor old jack up will be mediocre.
