Her hair was long, and
floated about in the summer breeze in great waves of gold, the long silky tresses reaching
below her waist. In striking contrast to this golden hair and fair pink and white complexion
were her great brown eyes, with their long, dark lashes and delicately, though firmly, pencilled
eyebrows. The rest of her features were nothing out of the common way, but her fair hair and
dark eyes and brilliant complexion would at once have attracted attention, if, young as she
was, she had not already been one of those people who can't come into a room without making
their presence felt. The name little Jack--no longer little, by the way--had chosen for her
years ago suited her exactly. Lightly as a fairy she tripped and flitted about, bright as a
sunbeam, as though no such thing as care or sorrow existed in the world. Dainty in all her
ways, neat and trim in her dress, with tiny hands and feet, a better name than Fairy could
not have been given her. She was dressed in a pink print, simply yet well-made, and altogether
the child looked out of keeping with her surroundings, particularly with her foster brother,
Charlie, in his corduroys and his swill-pail by his side.

"You dreadful boy, take that horrid pail away before I come a step further," cried Fairy, pinching
her little nose with her delicate white taper fingers.

"All right, but do show us that fine thing you have in your hand first," said Charlie.

"No, no, no; go to your pigs first, you'll spoil my lovely present for Jack if you come near
me," said Fairy, hiding her hands behind her, and running backwards to avoid any chance of
a collision with Charlie and his pail as he prepared to obey her commands.

"What is it, Fairy?" asked Mrs. Shelley, as Charlie moved off, looking up with curiosity from
her work.

"It is a shaving-case I have been making for Jack out of that quilt of mine you said I might
have, mother," replied Fairy, holding out an elaborate shaving-case, beautifully quilted in
blue satin.

"A shaving-case? But, my dear Fairy, Jack does not shave. How could you cut that lovely thing
up in this way?" said Mrs. Shelley.

"A shaving-case! What is the use of it if he did shave?" asked Willie, who was of a practical
turn of mind.

"The use of it! Why, to keep his shaving-cloths in, of course. Mr. Leslie has one something
like this, only not half so pretty," said Fairy, eyeing her handiwork with admiration.

"It is much too good for Jack," said Charlie, who had come back from his pigs.

"Nothing is too good for Jack, is it, mother?" asked Fairy, with an imperceptible nod at Willie.

"It is very unsuitable, Fairy, and I think it is a pity you cut up that quilt for it; but come
and help me to finish this smock, you idle child, do."

"That dreadful smock! and I know Jack will never, never, never put it on, though we have pricked
our fingers over it for weeks. And John will be angry, and insist, and Jack will be in a passion,
and refuse, and instead of having a nice happy birthday, poor old Jack will be miserable.
