
"Well, I thought I'd come and see ye."

"I'm glad you did," she said. "But come right in;" and she led the way into the kitchen.

He leaned up against the door and surveyed the room. "I should 'a' s'posed I'd have remembered
this room, but what ye done to it? What hev you got two stoves and two tables and all that
for, Armidy?"

Armida told him all, winding up her story with a few tears.

"That accounts for the looks of the outside, I s'pose," was his only comment. "I thought it
was about the queerest I ever see. It's ridiculous! Why haven't you and Lucas straightened
out affairs before this?"

"I can't, and he can't, I s'pose," she said hopelessly; "and everything makes it worse. I wouldn't
care so much if he hadn't fixed up the outside the way he did."

"Oh, well now, don't you fret. If I had money--but then I haven't."

"How have you lived sence you left home?" Armida inquired.

"Why, I've had a still, and made essence and peddled it out; but I sold the still to git money
to come here, and it took all I had."

"Well now, Theodore, I wish you'd stay here now you've got round again," said Armida with great
earnestness. "I've worried about you a sight. I'd be glad to have you, and Lucas would, I know."

To spare a possible rebuff for Theodore, she ran out as she saw Lucas coming to the house to
get his supper, and apprised him of his brother's arrival, glad to find he shared her pleasure
in it. As Lucas entered the room he shook hands with Theodore, saying, "How are ye?" to which
Theodore responded with "How are you, Lucas?"

Theodore was a relief and pleasure to all the family. He observed a strict impartiality. If
he split some kindling-wood for Armida, he churned for Lucas. If he took Armida's old horse
to be shod, he helped Lucas wash his sheep. He accepted everything, asking no questions after
the first evening, but kept an observant eye on all.

Both Lucas and Armida had loved him since their earliest remembrance, and retained their old
fondness for him now. He was a welcome guest on either side of the kitchen, and though when
he announced of an evening that he was going visiting, and stepped across the line to the other
side of the half from where he had been sitting, the owner of the side he honored felt pleased
by the distinction, yet the one on the opposite side, though no longer (according to an understood
law) joining in the conversation, still had the benefit of Theodore's narratives.

He was busy, too, in his way. He was indefatigable in berry-picking and herb-gathering, selling
what Armida and Lucas did not wish, and showing not a little shrewdness. When he had laid a
little money together he bought a still, and distilled essences of peppermint, wintergreen,
and other sweet-smelling herbs and roots, and when a store was accumulated he filled a basket
and departed on a peddling expedition, returning with money in his purse and a handkerchief
or ribbon for Armida. Once he bought her a stuff gown, which she came near ruining by weeping
over it, it was such a delight.
