He said that he had thought that he would come and see her. She replied that she was happy and asked him to come into the house and led him to the kitchen. As he leaned on the doorway to kitchen, he looked at the room and told her that he expected to remember the room, but found it very different with the changes done by her and asked Armida as to why she had got two stoves and two tables.Armida explained to him and told her story weeping all the time.
But his only comment was that her story explained the reason for the appearance of the outside and considered it queerest and most ridiculous. He also asked her as why she and Lucas had not sorted out the problem earlier.She replied that neither she nor Lucas could do that, which made everything very bad, though she did not bother about how Lucas designed the outside.
He said that she should not worry and regretted that he did not have the necessary money to help her out.Armida wanted to know how he managed himself after he left home.
His reply was that he had a still with which he made essence that he managed to sell; later he sold the still to make some money with which he arrived there and that it had taken him the entire thing.Armida now said with seriousness and sincerity that Theodore would better stay back now that he had come back. She also told him as to how much she remained worried and that she shall be immensely pleased were he to stay back since Lucas would also not mind his stay with them.
In order that Theodore does not face an outright rejection or snub she darted out of the house to meet Lucas who was on his way for his supper and appraised him of his brother’s return. She was pleased that Lucas shared her pleasure. Lucas shook hands with Theodore even as he stepped into the room asking him about his wellbeing to which Theodore also replied asking him about his welfare.
It turned out to be great pleasure and relief to all to have Theodore around as he went about with everybody without any distinction or prejudice. If he were to work, splitting wood for Armida he would likewise churned for Lucas. If Armida’s horse was taken round by him to be shod Lucas received help in the form of giving a good wash to his sheep. After the first evening he went about the normal way accepting everything without a murmur, but keeping track of all that was going on. 
Lucas as well as Armida loved him since very early days and there was no change even as of now in their love for him. On either side of the kitchen he was welcome. When he announced one evening that he intends visiting and stepped across to the other side of the half he was sitting that owner seemed happy and honored with the gesture yet one on the opposite side though no longer (according to an understood law )joining the conversation, still was benefited to have Theodore’s narratives.
He was busy too in his own way. Untiring in berry-picking or in herb-gathering selling all that Armida and Lucas will not like to, he went about very straightforward. When he saw some money in his kitty he pooled it to buy a still and started distilling essences of peppermints, wintergreen, and other sweet-smelling roots and herbs. No sooner the store had a good collection of them then he loaded them on to a basket and then moved out with the purpose of selling the product. With the money brought through these expeditions he would buy a handkerchief or ribbon for Armida. He even bought and brought for her a stuffed gown on seeing which Armida could not contain herself almost weeping and spoiling the gown it was tremendous pleasure and joy.
