From eight to ten thousand cavalry were in the field; and
the spectacle, which lasted from nine in the morning until five in the afternoon, was "exceedingly
wild and impressive." But the most impressive display of all was to be supplied by the British.
With fire-arms the people were acquainted already. The "brass galloper," though viewed with
"wonderful respect," was still only an engine on a larger scale than those to which they were
familiarized. But the rocket was a formidable and splendid novelty. Night had now thrown her
mantle round the field, and, by the king's command, the rocket practice began; the first brilliant
rush into the air was matter of amazement to all. When the rocket started with a roar from
its bed, men, women, and children fell on their faces--horses and mules broke from their tethers--and
the warriors who had any heart remaining shouted aloud. The Galla tribes, who witnessed the
explosion, ascribed the phenomenon to "potent medicines," and declared, that since the Gyptzis
(British) could, at pleasure, produce comets in the sky and rain fire down heaven, there was
nothing for them but submission to the king's command.

The review was followed, at some interval of time, by a more substantial display. Thrice in
the year the king summons his rude militia for an inroad into some of the neighbouring lands;
and, as he was particularly anxious to have the presence of the embassy on this occasion, and
as they conceived it to offer the best opportunity of seeing the country, they accordingly
accepted the invitation. As it is to be presumed that they had no intention of taking any personal
part in this marauding expedition, we are not disposed to criticise their acquiescence; otherwise
there could be no doubt whatever, that they had no right to assist the king of Shoa in his
foray on his neighbours, more than they would have had a right to assist his neighbours in
their attacks upon the king of Shoa.

The march was peculiar, and even pompous, in its kind. It was extraordinary to see it preceded
by a copy of the Holy Scriptures, under a canopy of scarlet cloth, and borne on a mule; but,
it must be owned, accompanied by the "Ark of the cathedral of St Michael," which works miracles,
and is regarded as a pledge of victory. Then came the king on a specially caparisoned mule,
surrounded by his guard of shield-bearers, and flanked by matchlock-men; then came forty damsels,
royal cooks, painted with ochre, and muffled in crimson-striped robes of cotton--a troop rigorously
guarded by attendants with long white wands. Beyond these, as far as the eye could penetrate
the clouds of dust, every hill and valley teemed with horsemen, camp-followers, sumpter-mules,
and men carrying sheaves of spears, and leading caparisoned horses, all mixed in the most picturesque
confusion. After a march of fifteen miles, the female cooks halted, like a flight of flamingoes,
in a pretty, secluded valley. It was evident that the day's march was now at an end, and the
army halted to bivouac for the night.
