Love hates that people should hold of any but itself, and goes but
faintly to work in familiarities derived from any other title, as marriage is: alliance, dowry,
therein sway by reason, as much or more than grace and beauty.  Men do not marry for themselves,
let them say what they will; they marry as much or more for their posterity and family; the
custom and interest of marriage concern our race much more than us; and therefore it is, that
I like to have a match carried on by a third hand rather than a man's own, and by another man's
liking than that of the party himself; and how much is all this opposite to the conventions
of love?  And also it is a kind of incest to employ in this venerable and sacred alliance the
heat and extravagance of amorous licence, as I think I have said elsewhere.  A man, says Aristotle,
must approach his wife with prudence and temperance, lest in dealing too lasciviously with
her, the extreme pleasure make her exceed the bounds of reason.  What he says upon the account
of conscience, the physicians say upon the account of health: "that a pleasure excessively
lascivious, voluptuous, and frequent, makes the seed too hot, and hinders conception": 'tis
said, elsewhere, that to a languishing intercourse, as this naturally is, to supply it with
a due and fruitful heat, a man must do it but seldom and at appreciable intervals:

          "Quo rapiat sitiens Venerem, interiusque recondat."

     ["But let him thirstily snatch the joys of love and enclose them in
     his bosom."--Virg., Georg., iii. 137.]

I see no marriages where the conjugal compatibility sooner fails than those that we contract
upon the account of beauty and amorous desires; there should be more solid and constant foundation,
and they should proceed with greater circumspection; this furious ardour is worth nothing.

They who think they honour marriage by joining love to it, do, methinks, like those who, to
favour virtue, hold that nobility is nothing else but virtue.  They are indeed things that
have some relation to one another, but there is a great deal of difference; we should not so
mix their names and titles; 'tis a wrong to them both so to confound them.  Nobility is a brave
quality, and with good reason introduced; but forasmuch as 'tis a quality depending upon others,
and may happen in a vicious person, in himself nothing, 'tis in estimate infinitely below virtue';

     ["If nobility be virtue, it loses its quality in all things wherein
     not virtuous: and if it be not virtue, 'tis a small matter."
     --La Byuyere.]

'tis a virtue, if it be one, that is artificial and apparent, depending upon time and fortune:
various in form, according to the country; living and mortal; without birth, as the river Nile;
genealogical and common; of succession and similitude; drawn by consequence, and a very weak
one. Knowledge, strength, goodness, beauty, riches, and all other qualities, fall into communication
and commerce, but this is consummated in itself, and of no use to the service of others.
