Men often tend to marry a girl not just for conjugal bliss and make a family with her, it also involves various sthings such as a allaiance, dowry, therein sway by reason, as a much or more than grace and beauty. So love naturally hates that people who have faint belief's about marriage. Men not only marry for themselves but also for their posterity and family, they can ask what they want from the girl's family inorder to marry that girl. 
The custom and interest of marriage concern our race much more than us and therefore it is, that the man likes to have a match carried on by a third hand rather than his own and this is totally opposite to the conventions of love. Its also a kind of incest to employ in this venerable and sacred alliance the heat and extravagance of amorous licence. Aristotle a Greek  philosopher, a student of Plato and teacher of Alexander the Great himself says, a man must approach his wife with prudence and temperance, lest in dealing too lasciviously with her. The extreme pleasure make her exceed the bounds of reason. The physicians say upon the account of health: "that a pleasureexcessively lascivious, voluptuous, and frequent, makes the seed too hot, and hinders conception". Even to that of a languishing intercourse as this naturally is to supplyit with a due and fruitful heat, a man must do it but seldom and at appreciable intervals.

"Quo rapiat sitiens Venerem, interiusque recondat." 

["But let him thirstily snatch the joys of love and enclose them in his bosom."--Virg., Georg., iii. 137.] 

There are no marriages where the conjugal compatibility sooner fails because of amorous desires and the account upon beauty. There is no solid  and constant foundation and a greater circumspection is need before every proceeding. Furious ardour is worth nothing.

Virtue is realized only when a person is noble, a man with nobility shows his virtue so a few men think honouring marriage by joining love to it is none other than adding virtue. Nobility is a brave quality and with good reason introduced, but forasmuch as this is  a quality depending upon others and may happen in a vicious person.

"If nobility be virtue, it loses its quality in all things wherein not virtuous: and if it be not virtue, 'tis a small matter." --La Byuyere.

Depending upon time and fortune, virtue is one which is atificial and apparent. This varies from country, living and mortal, various in form, without birth, as the course of the river nile, genealogical and common, of succession and similitude, drawn by consequence, and a very weak one. Knowledge, strength, goodness, beauty, riches, and all other qualities, fall into communication and commerce, but this is consummated in itself, and of no use to the service of others.
