Love hates that people should love anyone but himself, and leaves, but weakly to work in familiarities derived from other terms, such as marriage is: alliance, dowry, the same domain as much or more that the grace and beauty. Men do not marry for themselves, let them say what they want, marry much interest or more of their descendants and family custom marriage concern our race more than us and therefore, is that I like a struggle carried third hand out instead of having a man, and the taste of another man who's own party and how much is all this against the conventions of love? It's also a kind of incest to employ in this venerable and sacred alliance heat and extravagance of amorous license, as I think I have said elsewhere. A man, says Aristotle, must approach his wife with prudence and moderation, lest too lewd dealing with it, the extreme pleasure make her exceed the bounds of reason. What he says, because of consciousness, the doctors said that due to health "a pleasure too lascivious, voluptuous, and frequent, makes the seed too hot, and prevents conception" is, "said elsewhere that sex languish because this course is to provide a fertile heat dove, a man does, but rarely and significant intervals:

"Quo rapiat Siti Venerem, recondat interiusque."

["But you hungry snatch the joy of love and locking them in his embrace." - Virg., Georg. Iii. 137th]

I see no marriages where spousal support before failure than custom account of beauty and amorous desires, should be more solid and constant foundation, and should proceed more cautiously, and this furious ardor is worth something .

Those who think they honor marriage by joining love to it, I know, like those in favor of virtue, which is that nobility is nothing more than virtue. They are actually things that relate to each other, but there is a big difference and should not interfere with their names and titles, 'tis bad to both, so that confused. Adel is a brave quality, and more well established, but the forums as much as' tis a quality depending on others and can occur in a vicious person, in himself nothing, 'tis in estimate infinitely below strength' ;

["To be a noble virtue, it loses its quality in all things that are not virtuous, and if not virtue, 'tis a small matter." - The Byuyere.]

It is a virtue if it is artificial and apparent, depending on weather and luck: different in shape, depending on the country, living and mortal, without birth, as the river Nile, common heritage and pedigree and likeness, designed by impact and very weak. The knowledge, strength, goodness, beauty, wealth and all other qualities fall in communication and commerce, but this is consummated in itself, and of no use for other services.
