The main reason for the success of the assylum for idiots and feeble minded youth is that the hands behind this excellent charity are scholars of that time. One of them was connected with a leading daily paper in this city and some others serves in the state and national legislatures. The distinguished townsman, Noah Dow, Esquire donated a large portion of his fortune to this charitable institute.He stated that he do this because  he desires to do some thing for the benefit of mankind.When he was enquired about the rules and selection procedures of the superintendent, his reply was that let them select in a way so that he should be pleased, and thus N.E.Howe,Esq was chosen according to this suggestion.  
 One hundred aged and decayed gentlemen were privileged to occupy this assylum. When I asked him why there is no provision for females my friend replied with a remarkable psychological fact that there is no such thing as a female punster. When I heard this remark I also had  a instinct that such cases are rare in females.
    When we went to visit this place I began to ring the bell but my friend asked me to tap the door with stick instead of ringing the bell. Then an old man with a comical face opened the gate and asked  me that you prefer cane than a bell.Then he began to cough and chuckle rapidly. My friend winked at me and began to talk to the old man. When we entered inside the yard a feeble man with  bright eyes came up with a serious look.He said to my friend that there is complaint against this assylum in the town that it is a gambling establishment. My friend asked with astonishment what he meant.He answered pointing his fingers towards the field and laughing that they complain because there are a lot of  rye on the premise and he went away.
     After entering the main building I noticed the rules and regulations posted on the wall of assylum.Here are some extracts from this which interested me. First one is this Everyone is allowed to make pun freely from eight in the morning till ten at night except during service at chapel and grace before meal.
