When fully wet, dry with a towel, or press it between blotting paper, whereby the operation of the salt is uniformly dispersed through its substance. Then brush on it, on one side, a solution of silver nitrate. The strength of this solution should vary according to color and sensitivity required. Mr. Talbot recommends about fifty grains of salt in one ounce of distilled water. Some tips twenty grains only, while others say that eighty per ounce grains. When dried in a dark room, the paper is fit for use. For this role even more sensitive, should again be washed with water and salt, then with the same silver nitrate solution, drying it between times. This paper, if carefully done, is very useful for all common photo effects. For example, nothing could be more perfect that gives images of leaves and flowers, especially with the summer sun, the light passing through the leaves, outlines all the ramifications of their fibers. In carrying out this operation, however, found that the results are sometimes more and sometimes less satisfactory, due to small accidental variations in the proportion of young employees. It sometimes happens that the silver chloride formed on the surface of the paper is ready to stain itself, without any exposure to light. This shows that the attempt to give the sensitivity has been taken too far. The object is to get as close to this condition as possible without reaching it, so that preparation may be in a state willing to yield to the slightest force strangers, as the weaker effect of light. 
Cooper Method. - Soak the paper in a boiling solution of potassium chlorate (the force, no matter) for a few minutes, then take it out and dry, and wet with a brush on one side, dipped in a solution of silver nitrate , sixty grains to an ounce of distilled water or, if not required to be so sensitive, thirty grains an ounce is enough. This work has a great advantage over any other, the image can be fixed by simple washing. It is, however, very apt to fade, even in the wash, or shortly thereafter, and is also not as sensitive, nor as dark as the method applied in accordance with Mr. Talbot. 

Daguerre Method .-- Soak the paper in hydrochloric acid (or as it is commonly called, muriatic) ether, which has remained long enough to become acidic, the paper is then carefully and thoroughly dried, as this is essential for proper preparation. Then introduced into a solution of silver nitrate and dried without artificial heat in a room from which every ray of light has been carefully excluded. Through this process takes a very remarkable building to be blackened in a very slight exposure to light, even though it is by no means severe. The document, however, quickly loses its extreme sensitivity to light, and finally becomes not more impressed by the sun that the role of common nitrate.
