To disperse the salt uniformly through the substance it should be perfectly moistened and dried with a towel or pressed in between bibulous paper.After that brush a solution of Silver nitrate on one side. The strength of the solution depends upon the color and sensitiveness required. Mr. Talbot's recomendation is fifty grains of the salt to an ounce of distilled water while some advise twenty grains. Some others think that eighty grains to one ounce is perfect.To ensure more senitiveness it must again washed with salt and water and silver nitrate solution drying in between times. After that dry it in dark room. If the paper is carefully made it is very useful for ordinary photographic purposes. The images of flowers, leaves and especially with  summer sun will be perfect as the light passing through the leaves delineates every ramification of their fibres. The results may vary as  a consequence of small variations in the proportion.Sometimes chloride of silver formed on the surface of the paper is disposed to balacken itself without any exposure to light. This is because the sensibility has carried too far. 
        In Cooper's method we should soak the paper in a boiling hot solution of chlorate of potash for a few minutes and dry it and brush silver nitrate solution on one side of the paper. If we want it  sensitive  sixty grains to one ounce of distilled water and if we do not need so sensitive one thirty grains to one ounce of distilled water will do.The advantage of this paper is that the image can be fixed by just washing. There are chances of discoloring  at the time of washing or afterwards  and it is not so sensitive  and it will not be as dark as that of Mr. Takbot's method.
    Whil in Daguerre's method  paper should be immersed in Hydrochloric ether, which is kept for enough time to become acid. After that the paper should be properly dried and then dipped into a solution of nitrate of silver and should be dried without artificial heat  in a room which is carefully excluded from each and every ray of light.This process make it acquire the quality of blackening at a very slight exposure to light even if the light is not at all intense.But the problem is it losses its extreme sensitiveness to light gradually and it become not impressionable by the solar beams than common nitrate paper.
