When perfectly moistened, wipe it dry with a towel,
or press it between bibulous paper, by which operation the salt is uniformly dispersed through
its substance.  Then brush over it, on one side only, a solution of nitrate of silver.  The
strength of this solution must vary according to the color and sensitiveness required. Mr.
Talbot recommends about fifty grains of the salt to an ounce of distilled water.  Some advise
twenty grains only, while others say eighty grains to the ounce.  When dried in a dark room,
the paper is fit for use.  To render this paper still more sensitive, it must again be washed
with salt and water, and afterwards with the same solution of nitrate of silver, drying it
between times.  This paper, if carefully made, is very useful for all ordinary photographic
purposes.  For example, nothing can be more perfect than the images it gives of leaves and
flowers, especially with a summer's sun; the light, passing through the leaves, delineates
every ramification of their fibres.  In conducting this operation, however, it will be found
that the results are sometimes more and sometimes less satisfactory, in consequence of small
and accidental variations in the proportions employed.  It happens sometimes that the chloride
of silver formed on the surface of the paper is disposed to blacken of itself, without any
exposure to light.  This shows that the attempt to give it sensibility has been carried too
far.  The object is, to approach as nearly to this condition as possible without reaching it;
so that the preparation may be in a state ready to yield to the slightest extraneous force,
such as the feeblest effect of light.

Cooper's Method.--Soak the paper in a boiling hot solution of chlorate of potash (the strength
matters not) for a few minutes; then take it out, dry it, and wet it with a brush, on one side
only, dipped in a solution of nitrate of silver, sixty grains to an ounce of distilled water,
or, if not required to be so sensitive, thirty grains to the ounce will do.  This paper possesses
a great advantage over any other, for the image can be fixed by mere washing.  It is, however,
very apt to become discolored even in the washing, or shortly afterwards, and is, besides,
not so sensitive, nor does it become so dark as that made according to Mr. Talbot's method.

Daguerre's Method.--Immerse the paper in hydrochloric (or as it is more commonly called, muriatic)
ether, which has been kept sufficiently long to become acid; the paper is then carefully and
completely dried, as this is essential to its proper preparation.  It is then dipped into a
solution of nitrate of silver, and dried without artificial heat in a room from which every
ray of light is carefully excluded.  By this process it acquires a very remarkable facility
in being blackened on a very slight exposure to light, even when the latter is by no means
intense.  The paper, however, rapidly loses its extreme sensitiveness to light, and finally
becomes no more impressionable by the solar beams than common nitrate paper.
