In the mixed tribes of mankind, height was considered as a great disparity in persons.  They were remarkably tracked and separated by their heights. Most of people were just in five and half a feet in their height.  Only rare numbers of people were   in six feet in their own height. Actually, Mr. Macdonald during his early period of measurement got more confusion in the existing different proportions in height.  Then he immediately came into conclusion that his population was highly mixed different heights and they are made up mixed tribes of mankind. 

Among this different proportion, the question was what the proper proportions were and another question was what proportions constituted a handsome figure? For example here our vestiarian philosopher was confused with for a long time at a loss. First he tool 300 measurements at length.  Without selection, he measured all of his body including the length of his trunk, head and neck and fork.  When he added them all as an average rate he came to know that the average measurement of his head and neck was just 10-1/2 inches; his trunk was just about 25 inches and his fork was totally 32 inches. Finally as a result, his total length of measurement of whole body that is from the crown of the head to the sole of the shoe resulted to 5 feet 7-1/2 inches. The word we have italicized is the drawback.  When a tailor measures one’s body as a whole, he will start to measure the body even from the shoes. But as a matter of fact, when he measured so, Mr. Macdonald will certainly less minimum half an inch height for the sole and he will only take approximately without considering the shoe measurement. Then he will finally declare that the average height of his population to be five feet seven inches only. On this particular basis, however, he constructed a scale of beauty applying to all heights. If a man is having totally 5 feet 7 inches as his own body length on basis of measurement such as 10-1/2 inches for head and neck, 25 for trunk and 31-1/2 for fork, what should another give if it  totally comes to 6 feet or any other height? 
The approximate level of a man's actual measurement to this rule of three is finally determines about his pretensions in the way of symmetry.  Besides, the inventor of the shibboleth had been tried to find it so far to answer.
If a correct coming near the rule invariably, if it gives you more satisfaction for your eyes, then it will certainly give the assurance for a handsome man. 
Because of this great advantage, if a man was found with such perfect proportion of height, then independently he will be having very good great strength.  Also he will be having more capability to challenge and endure any kind of fatigue caused by doing violent exercise for a longer period than one less symmetrically formed. According to the real statement by Mr. Macdonald the term 'adult is highly meant for those he measured.  But it is not satisfactory. In fact is not informing us anything clearly that the persons measured had reached their full development. Also for men if they want to grow continuously even after their twenty five years of life, according to the statement given by M. Quetelet, the height given for five feet and seven inches is closely suitable in all probability and approximately to the true average. Also according to the results shown in the university by Professor Forbes, they are more than enough suitable and pretty nearly out of the question.  By the effort of Professor Forbes, nearly 523 numbers of Scotsmen were measured sincerely and they were all in different age limits that were particularly from fifteen to twenty five. After prompt measurement, all were averaged separately.  Even though they were having different ages in different years, all their average height was just only 69.3 inches. But among them for a less proportion, some of them were the professor’s customers and they were all volunteers also.  Also it is not to be supposed that under-sized persons would put themselves forward on such an occasion.
