So great is the disparity in persons of the same height, that the trunk of an individual
of five feet and a half, is occasionally found to be as long as that of a man of six feet.
In fact, Mr Macdonald, in an early period of his measurements, was so confounded by the difference
in the proportions, that he at once came to the conclusion, that our population is made up
of mixed tribes of mankind.

In the midst of all this diversity, the question was, What were the proper proportions? or,
in other words, What proportions constituted a handsome figure? and here our vestiarian philosopher
was for a long time at a loss. At length, however, he took 300 measurements, without selection,
including the length of the trunk, of the head and neck, and of the fork, and adding them all
together, struck the average: from which it resulted, that the average head and neck gives
10-1/2 inches; trunk, 25 inches; and fork, 32 inches; making the whole figure, from the crown
of the head to the sole of the shoe, 5 feet 7-1/2 inches. The word we have italicised is the
drawback: a tailor measures with the shoes on; and Mr Macdonald can only approximate to the
truth when he deducts half an inch for the sole, and declares the average height of our population
to be five feet seven inches. On this basis, however, he constructed a scale of beauty applying
to all heights: If a man of 5 feet 7 inches give 10-1/2 inches for head and neck, 25 for trunk,
and 31-1/2 for fork, what should another give, of 6 feet, or any other height? The approximation
of a man's actual measurement to this rule of three determines his pretensions in the way of
symmetry; and the inventor of the shibboleth has found it so far to answer, that a figure coming
near the rule invariably pleases the eye, and gives the assurance of a handsome man. Independently
of this advantage, a man of such proportions has great strength, and is able to withstand the
fatigue of violent exercise for a longer period than one less symmetrically formed.

The term 'adult,' however, used by Mr Macdonald to designate those he measured, is not satisfactory--it
does not inform us that the persons measured had reached their full development; for men continue
to grow, as has been shewn by M. Quetelet, even after twenty-five. The height given, notwithstanding--five
feet seven inches--in all probability approximates pretty closely to the true average; and
the very different result shewn in Professor Forbes's measurements in the University must be
set pretty nearly out of the question. The number of Scotsmen measured by the professor was
523 in all; but these were of eleven different ages, from fifteen to twenty-five, all averaged
separately; and supposing the number of each age to have been alike, this would give less than
fifty of the age of twenty-five--the average height of whom was 69.3 inches. But independently
of the smallness of the number, the professor's customers were volunteers, and it is not to
be supposed that under-sized persons would put themselves forward on such an occasion.
