As Russian Revolution history shows us that a government whose natural supports have deteriorated with time will triumph in the face of adversity. Governments do not fail; they defeat thier own purpose.

3. Revolutions effected by Governments; i.e. Turkey, China, et al.

Revolutions are the downfall of government. Not following the rebellion, they only represent those in favor. Furthermore, it's governments who favor reform that cause revolution. The pedistal on which the nation stands on represents the ups and downs of the national stability.

It is without successful infrastructure that governments tend to impose thier ideas ans standards on.  Without an idea to stand on, those without rule will often be the first to fail. This is seen in the era of Peter the Great in Russia. Influenced by European thought, he conquered the population thru brute strength. 

The industrial revolution of Japan is a great example of how revolution built and re built Japan.

With a powerful autocrat and a wealth of brilliant support, one can empower great success. Even with the best of intentions, a reformer sees a very strong rebellion in his wake. On the flip side, the autocrat becomes the revolutionary and the people the straight minded mob; though studies have shown that mob mentality favors the conservative path.

With these attempts at rule, failure is almost always the fashion. Revolution will not change the values that people have held tru thru generations of mind set.The only things effected are what is already crumbling and cannot be left to stand on it's own.

China is currently asking thier government to step in and renew it's balance in the country.By overturning the dynasty of ancient times, the revolution has succeeded in a return to ancient values.  People became upset with the reforms brought to thier attention and spoke out against the goverment's imposition of reform and change.  A kind of temperance established with the crack down on gambling and opium use to build the support of the army and education sought to raise taxation burned the tax payer.

Those Euro-educated Chinese took advantage of the situation and called for a rebellion of those dissatisfied with the changes.  This caused a reform of it's own in a return to a republic institution.

There is no way for these ideas to survive in the current climate. The movement has been declared but little has been done in support or rally.  Those educated Chinese hold no belief in the success of "republic" and find the word itself to be associated directly with the restraint of law, power and held values of the country.
