
The history of the Russian Revolution shows us how a government, all of whose natural supports
have crumbled in succession, can, with wisdom and firmness, triumph over the most formidable
obstacles.  It has been very justly said that governments are not overthrown, but that they
commit suicide.

3.  Revolutions effected by Governments.--Examples:   China, Turkey, &c.

Governments almost invariably fight revolutions; they hardly ever create them.  Representing
the needs of the moment and general opinion, they follow the reformers timidly; they do not
precede them.  Sometimes, however, certain governments have attempted those sudden reforms
which we know as revolutions.  The stability or instability of the national mind decrees the
success or failure of such attempts.

They succeed when the people on whom the government seeks to impose new institutions is composed
of semi-barbarous tribes, without fixed laws, without solid traditions; that is to say, without
a settled national mind.  Such was the condition of Russia in the days of Peter the Great.
We know how he sought to Europeanise the semi-Asiatic populations by means of force.

Japan is another example of a revolution effected by a government, but it was her machinery,
not her mind that was reformed.

It needs a very powerful autocrat, seconded by a man of genius, to succeed, even partially,
in such a task.  More often than not the reformer finds that the whole people rises up against
him.  Then, to the contrary of what befalls in an ordinary revolution, the autocrat is revolutionary
and the people is conservative.  But an attentive study will soon show you that the peoples
are always extremely conservative.

Failure is the rule with these attempts.  Whether effected by the upper classes or the lower,
revolutions do not change the souls of peoples that have been a long time established.  They
only change those things that are worn by time and ready to fall.

China is at the present time making a very interesting but impossible experiment, in seeking,
by means of the government, suddenly to renew the institutions of the country.  The revolution
which overturned the dynasty of her ancient sovereigns was the indirect consequence of the
discontent provoked by reforms which the government had sought to impose with a view to ameliorating
the condition of China.  The suppression of opium and gaming, the reform of the army, and the
creation of schools, involved an increase of taxation which, as well as the reforms themselves,
greatly indisposed the general opinion.

A few cultured Chinese educated in the schools of Europe profited by this discontent to raise
the people and proclaim a republic, an institution of which the Chinese could have had no conception.

It surely cannot long survive, for the impulse which has given birth to it is not a movement
of progress, but of reaction.  The word republic, to the Chinaman intellectualised by his European
education, is simply synonymous with the rejection of the yoke of laws, rules, and long-established
restraints.
