Therefore I held my peace, and restricted my conversation to things military,
of which I know probably less than any other woman in Germany, so that my remarks must have
been to an unusual degree impressive. He talked down to me, and I talked down to him, and we
reached home in a state of profoundest exhaustion--at least I know I did, but when I looked
at him he had not visibly turned a hair. I went upstairs trying to hope that he had felt it
more than he showed, and that during the remainder of his stay he would adopt the suggestion
so eagerly offered of spending his spare time in his room resting.

At dinner, he and I, quite by ourselves, were both manifestly convinced of the necessity, for
the sake of the servants, of not letting the conversation drop. I felt desperate, and would
have said anything sooner than sit opposite him in silence, and with united efforts we got
through that fairly well. After dinner I tried gossip, and encouraged him to tell me some,
but he had such an unnatural number of relations that whoever I began to talk about happened
to be his cousin, or his brother- in-law, or his aunt, as he hastily informed me, so that what
I had intended to say had to be turned immediately into loud and unqualified praise; and praising
people is frightfully hard work--you give yourself the greatest pains over it, and are aware
all the time that it is not in the very least carrying conviction. Does not everybody know
that one's natural impulse is to tear the absent limb from limb? At half-past nine I got up,
worn out in mind and body, and told him very firmly that it had been a custom in my family
from time immemorial to be in bed by ten, and that I was accordingly going there. He looked
surprised and wider awake than ever, but nothing shook me, and I walked away, leaving him standing
on the hearthrug after the manner of my countrymen, who never dream of opening a door for a woman.

The next day he went off at five in the morning, and was to be away, as he had told me, till
the evening. I felt as though I had been let out of prison as I breakfasted joyfully on the
verandah, the sun streaming through the creeperless trellis on to the little meal, and the
first cuckoo of the year calling to me from the fir wood. Of the dinner and evening before
me I would not think; indeed I had a half-formed plan in my head of going to the forest after
lunch with the babies, taking wraps and provisions, and getting lost till well on towards bedtime;
so that when the angel-visitant should return full of renewed strength and conversation, he
would find the casket empty and be told the gem had gone out for a walk. After I had finished
breakfast I ran down the steps into the garden, intent on making the most of every minute and
hardly able to keep my feet from dancing. Oh, the blessedness of a bright spring morning without
a lieutenant! And was there ever such a hopeful beginning to a day, and so full of promise
for the subsequent right passing of its hours, as breakfast in the garden, alone with your
teapot and your book!
