HOW WILL YOU CONVINCE

       I thought that I was less aware of the military diciplines than any other women in Germany, I controlled my talking and kept quiet.
The arguments between myself and himself, on the way, were less impulsive and attractive. His arguments were also not so pointless.   At last we reached home weary and tired and emptied each other, all that we kept in mind, which we wanted to burst out.    However he did not show a sign of reaction, that he listened to what ever I said and I assumed that he might have felt hard in his mind.  As I went upstairs, I was thinking that he might be spending his balance hours at home itself by resting.

         During dinner we were quiet snd kept the decency and greateness of each other in talking in a reasonable manner, as the servants were around.  However I was much desperate and wanted to burst out with striking words, to breake the silence, as I was sitting opposite to him.  As I thought of having a convincing discussion, or gossip, he was just trying to escape from it and the praising of some peoples name which I was taking out as topic, was shortened by him as they were his close relatives, like aunt or brother-in-law.  I again felt weight in my heart, as we all know that solving and convincing is not that much easy. In this circumstance people will have an inner mind of tearing apart of matters. It was around 9.30 p.m. and I got up and told him that I was going to sleep by 10.00, as it was the time at home we all keeping to go to bed, usually.     He was then standing and looking at me in astonishment.  I went away without taking care of that situation as I was very much tired physically and mentally.

        He woke up early next day and went off at 5.00 a.m. and he had also informed that he would be late in the evening. It was a beautiful bright morning with sunshines gleaning on my food,as I was happily having my breakefast.  The early cuckoo birds were calling me to the coniferous forest and it was a wonderful morning.  I then planned to go out into the coniferous forest alongwith my babies, required clothes, provisions etc., and spend the time there till bed time.  It was my subtle pleasure, to be away, to make him understand, as he would be returning with recharged and renewed vigour to continue the talks, that the house is empty without my beautiful presence.
         
         After breakefast I went to the garden with freedom at heart and over whelming enjoyment as the nature and beauty of the garden had created a hopeful beginning of the day.   It wa a wonderful morning in spring which I was enjoying in the absence of the lieutenant!.  I felt the day is going to be more beautiful happenings and was enjoying the lonlyness with a book in my hand and having breakefast in the garden.
