
THE ASTEROIDS (OR MINOR PLANETS)

We now come to that belt of small planets which are known by the name of asteroids. In the
general survey of the solar system given in Chapter II., we saw how it was long ago noticed
that the distances of the planetary orbits from the sun would have presented a marked appearance
of orderly sequence, were it not for a gap between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter where no
large planet was known to circulate. The suspicion thus aroused that some planet might, after
all, be moving in this seemingly empty space, gave rise to the gradual discovery of a great
number of small bodies; the largest of which, Ceres, is less than 500 miles in diameter. Up
to the present day some 600 of these bodies have been discovered; the four leading ones, in
order of size, being named Ceres, Pallas, Juno, and Vesta. All the asteroids are invisible
to the naked eye, with the exception of Vesta, which, though by no means the largest, happens
to be the brightest. It is, however, only just visible to the eye under favourable conditions.
No trace of an atmosphere has been noted upon any of the asteroids, but such a state of things
is only to be expected from the kinetic theory.

For a good many years the discoveries of asteroids were made by means of the telescope. When,
in the course of searching the heavens, an object was noticed which did not appear upon any
of the recognised star charts, it was kept under observation for several nights to see whether
it changed its place in the sky. Since asteroids move around the sun in orbits, just as planets
do, they, of course, quickly reveal themselves by their change of position against the starry
background.

The year 1891 started a new era in the discovery of asteroids. It occurred to the Heidelberg
observer, Dr. Max Wolf, one of the most famous of the hunters of these tiny planets, that photography
might be employed in the quest with success. This photographic method, to which allusion has
already been made in dealing with Eros, is an extremely simple one. If a photograph of a portion
of the heavens be taken through an "equatorial"--that is, a telescope, moving by machinery,
so as to keep the stars, at which it is pointed, always exactly in the field of view during
their apparent movement across the sky--the images of these stars will naturally come out in
the photograph as sharply defined points. If, however, there happens to be an asteroid, or
other planetary body, in the same field of view, its image will come out as a short white streak;
because the body has a comparatively rapid motion of its own, and will, during the period of
exposure, have moved sufficiently against the background of the stars to leave a short trail,
instead of a dot, upon the photographic plate. By this method Wolf himself has succeeded in
discovering more than a hundred asteroids (see Plate XIII., p. 226). It was, indeed, a little
streak of this kind, appearing upon a photograph taken by the astronomer Witt, at Berlin, in
1898, which first informed the world of the existence of Eros.
