Anno Domini 1884: Mr. William Woodall tries again, and loses; who to thank for that? Gladstone, the same politician who contributed to the death of another bill eight years later, when Mr. A.J. Balfour was pushing it.

Nowadays, British women are not franchised to vote on major issues of comprehesive governmental policy and they are not eligible to run for higher governmental positions. In spite of that, they have made great strides, and I will elborate hereafter; and with regard to this fact, I will also touch briefly on their progress in the colonies.

In 1850, Ontario, Canada extended school suffrage to all adult women citizens. Then, in 1867, New South Wales gave women municipal suffrage. A couple of years later, England instituted municipal suffrage for single women and widows. Victoria granted it to all women, single or married. In 1870, England passed the Education Act, which established school boards and giving women the identical rights as those given to men, regarding electing and running for election. Subsequently, in 1871, West Australia legislated municipal suffrage for women; in 1878, New Zealand extended school suffrage. In 1880, South Australia acceded municipal suffrage. In 1881, widows and unmarried women were accorded municipal suffrage in Scotland, and parliamentary suffrage on the Isle of Man. Women got the municipal vote in Ontario and Tasmania by 1884, and in New Zealand and New Brunswick two years later. By 1887, Nova Scotia and Manitoba fell into line. One year thence, the British nation consigned to women county-level suffrage, and British Columbia and the
Northwest Territories gave them municipal suffrage. In 1889, county suffrage was bequeathed to Scottish women, and municipal suffrage was legislated for unmarried women and widows in Quebec Province. Then, in 1893, New Zealand extended full suffrage to the distaff population. A year later, parish and district suffrage would be given to married and single women in England, along with the right to elect and be elected to councils at those levels. By 1895, South Australia had made state suffrage universal in the province.
In 1898, Irish women were extended suffrage with respect to all governmental officials with the exception of parliamentary members. At the turn of the century, West Australia was the next to mandate full state suffrage for both sexes. In 1902, full national suffrage was given to all adult females in federated Australia and full state suffrage to the same residing in New South Wales. By the following year,  Tasmania had given full state suffrage; and, in 1905, Queensland followed suit, to be emulated by Victoria in 1908. The year before, England passed legislation amking women eligible to run as mayors, alderman, and county and town councillors. In London particularly, women can, at this time, vote for twenty-eight borough councils and thirty-one boards of guardians of the London City Council; in addition, they may run for these same offices; take membership in in the central unemployed body or in the twenty-three district committees, and may be absorbed into any of the other bodies, such as, the local pension committees. Women can be alderman of the Council, and they are not disallowed from being appointed to the chairmanship.
 
Presently, the movement for woman suffrage in England is nurtured for the most part by two coalitions, each having its own unique approach. The National Union of Women's Suffrage Societies has instituted a "constitutional" or pacifistic policy, while the National Women's Social and Political Union is confrontational and bullying.
