I am asked to hear many voices that promise beauty but not intelligence which is necessary to take up a careers. It normally requires considerable intelligence to succeed in a setting like an opera, in spite of many opinions to the contrary expressed by many people. Others, who have keen and alert minds and voices of fine and unique quality lack that certain esprit and broadness of musical outlook that is needed in a great artist. This lack if oftenly so apparent in the person's manners or bearings which I am tempted to tell him or her that there is no use before he utters a note. Yet it would not do to refuse a hearing to all these misfits, for there is always the chance of ecountering the unknown genius, however rare of a bird he may be. 

Many of the world's greatest voices have been discovered by change, but fortunately by some on empowed to bring out the latent gift!

We could find in America many beautiful voices and when we think of the numerous singers successfully engaged in operatic careers both here and abroad, it cannot be with justice said as it was used several years ago that America does not produce opera singers. Usually a majority of those I listen to here in New York are Americans, and of these are there are a number of really remarkable voices and fairly good conceptions of what is demanded of an opera singer. 

Sometimes, however, it would be funny if it was not sad to see how much off key people are who have been led to think that they have a future in opera. One young man who came recently to sing for me carried a portentous roll of music and spoke in the deepest bass of his voice. When asked what his main difficulty was he replied that he "didn't seem to be able to get on the key." THis was very apparent when he started singing and wandered up and down the tones until he manged to strike the tonic. Then he asked me whether I would rather hear "Qui sdegno," from Mozarts "Magic Flute," or Love Me and the World is Mine." Upon the latter being chosen he asked the accompanist to transpose it, upon this gentelmena's suggesting a third lower, he said:
No, put it down an octave." And thats where he tried to sing it too. I gently but firmly advised this young man to try a different path/job than singing. However, such extreme examples as that are happily rare. 

I would say to all the young people who are ambitious to try a career of opera: Remember, it is a hard working profession, after all; that even with a voice of requisite size and proper cultivation there is still a repertory of roles to acquire, long months and years of studying for this and requiring a considerable feat of memory to retain them even after that are have learned. Then there is the art of acting that is studied, which is of course, an entire occupation in itself and decidedly necessary in opera, including fencing-how to fall properly, the various gaits and genstures were to portray different emotions, etc. Then, as opera is sung nowadays, the knowledge of the diction of at least three languages--French, German and Italian--if not essential is at least very helpful.
