Opera is not a career for the unintelligent. The mental strain and superb musical outlook needed is often overlooked. The talent involved in opera is truly unique, and extremely rare. Many believe they process this wonderful skill, but usually lack in certain esprit and broadness. These missing components simply take away from the glory of opera singing, and tempt one to stop listening. Although, on rare occasions, one may find a diamond in the rough, and become mesmerized by their musical genius.

Many of the worlds most prestigious voices are found in America. New York is one American city were, through the hodgepodge of busy city life, great talent can be found. A great number of elegant voices can be found on Broadway, and masterfully placed into plays and other shows. These shows not only set a standard for opera, but demand the best, and lure many individuals seeking a career in opera.

Through the glamour of singing there are, as always, individuals who are simply not cut out for the job. Some, although containing a beautiful voice, simply cannot sing in tune. When a young man came to me and wished to sing, and I asked of his worst aspect of singing, he told me he could not sing on key. Then he asked me whether I would rather hear "Qui sdegno," from Mozart's "Magic Flute," or "Love Me and the World is Mine." Upon the latter being chosen he asked the accompanist to transpose it, and upon this gentleman's suggesting a third lower, he said: "No, put it down an octave." After hearing his performance I gravely, but strictly instructed him to peruse a new career path. 

Another important aspect of opera is the ability to portray different emotions and put on a show for the audience. The ability to act and sing requires tremendous talent. One may possess am absolutely beautiful voice, but if he cannot act out scenes for the audience he will not be successful. The knowledge and time invested in opera nowadays, simply makes it a full-time and challenging career path to follow.
