Moreover, those very countries
suffering so severe a winter's cold, enjoy a summer's heat far exceeding ours, since the snow
lies for months on parts of Germany which yet receive sufficient heat in summer to ripen the
grape and Indian corn.'

The principal modifying causes are winds and water. Islands, and countries bordering on the
ocean, have a much more equable climate than those which lie in the interior of continents,
and will have a greater prevalence of moist south-westerly winds. The average annual quantity
of rain in the British islands is from 28 to 30 inches; on the continent, it is less; the fall
in Holland is estimated at 26 inches, and in Denmark and North Germany, at 20 inches--the greatest
fall occurring in summer and autumn, as in England. Then with respect to winds, we find those
from the west most prevalent over what Mr Henfrey distinguishes as the north European plain,
as is the case in our country. 'The west wind blows more frequently in England than in Denmark,
more there than in Russia. The predominance is most marked in summer; in the winter, the easterly
winds are almost as frequent as the westerly upon the continent, which is not true of the British
isles.' Sometimes, however, the south-westerly winds, which bring our genial April showers,
continue to arrive with their watery burden until late in the summer, to the detriment or destruction
of grain-crops; and yet this same wind, losing its excessive moisture as it sweeps onward over
the continent, is highly favourable to the husbandman in Southern Russia. The years 1816 and
1817 were cases in point.

The meteorology of Russia affords some striking contrasts: the yearly rain-fall in St Petersburg
is 21 inches, 'and the westerly winds are most prevalent, although not to the same extent as
in Western Europe; they are also predominant in Moscow and Kasan. In the southern steppes,
it is stated that the average of four years has given only 6 inches fall of rain, occurring
in 47 days of the year; but the irregularity is so great, that single years gave 59, 35, 39,
and 53 rainy days. In 1832-3, twenty months elapsed without rain, and in some years the quantity
is only one-tenth of that which falls in wet years. In the summer, there is no dew, and the
ground dries up and cracks, the plants withering up: 1841, not considered as a dry year, gave
only 8-1/2 inches of rain; but in 1831, one of the wettest, the moisture interfered with agriculture
more than the drought does, saturating the soil, which rests on a deep impermeable clayey formation.'
In April and May, when the snows melt, the steppe is a vast sea of mud, liable to be hardened
by occasional frosts, until, as the season advances, myriads of crocuses, tulips, and hyacinths,
cover the soil, which perhaps a few days later will be hidden by north-east snowstorms, or
drenched by gales from the north-west. No rain falls for two months after the middle of June,
the luxuriant herbage withers more rapidly than it grew, and, except in a few spots near the
streams, the steppe becomes a black, arid waste.
