The countries that face extreme cold winters also benefit from good sun light and heat much higher than in our region. As parts of Germany is covered with snow for months also receives sun and raise temperatures enough to ripe the grapes and Indian corn.

Wind and water are the primary elements which cause the modifications in the climate, regions that are close to the sea such as islands or coastal regions have balanced climate compared to very interior regions of a continent and have winds in south-west direction with high humidity. British islands receive an average rainfall of 28 to 30 inches where as the mainland it is quiet less; for Holland it is estimated as 26 inches whereas it is 20 inches for Northern Germany and Denmark -- that is England's highest fall in summer and autumn. As far as winds are concerned, western winds are more frequent than in what distinguished as the North European plain by Mr. Henfrey, like in our county. "The west wind blows more frequently in England than in Denmark, more there than in Russia. The predominance is most marked in summer; in the winter, the easterly winds are almost as frequent as the westerly upon the continent, which is not true of the British isles." 

Though southwestern winds cause the cordial rainfall, sometimes they last long until the end of summer destroying the grain-crops; but the moisture content gets reduced as the wind travels forward while precipitating on the way and it becomes very favorable to the farmers in the Southern region of Russia. 1816 and 1817 years are the examples for this.

Russian experiences dramatic and contrasting climates, St. Petersburg receives an annual rainfall of 21inches, and the southwestern winds are very common as well, though less in comparison with Western Europe; they are also very frequent in Kasan and Moscow. It is stated that the average rainfall of four years in the Southern plains, is only six inches, over 47 days in the year; but it is also very irregular that each years received rain in 59, 35, 53 and 39 days. During 1832 and 1833, there was no rainfall continuously for 20months and sometimes during dry years the rainfall was just one-tenth compared to those received heavy rainfall. In summer, plants wither due to lack of dew, dried and cracked land. The year 1841 received 8.5 inches rainfall and was not considered as dry year, but 1831 was one among the wettest, the moisture disturbed the crops and plants much more than compared to the drought, the soil was saturated, and remained over the impermeable clayey formation. When snow melts in April and May months, it will be sea of mud in the steppes, sometimes hardened by frosts, until the season ends, large number of hyacinths, crocuses, and tulips, cover the soil, which may be again covered by snowstorms from north-east, or destroyed by strong winds from noth-west. From mid-june there will be no rainfall for two months, except for few areas near streams, the rich herbage dries very quickly than the time it took for growing, resulting in steppes turning into black, dry, and waste land.
