"You remember me, your old doc?" said the white haired man looking at Andrew.

"Oh, hello.  I'm happy to see you again, and especially now, when everything seems so strange and overwhelming.  Do you mind if I go with you, otherwise I will just have to go home, and I'm not ready to do that yet."  

"Sure.  I'd enjoy some new company. You can tell me about you house on the way, I heard it was a very fine home."

As the two men made their way along the dirt road, slowly catching up to the others, the doctor began the conversation by saying he had always envied those with adventurous lives.  His days began and ended attending needs of others and the most excitement he ever had was an occasional emergency (and these weren't really "fun") or late night phone calls where he had to calm frightened fathers-to-be as they relayed first symptoms of labor paings through confusing conversation and unsurity.  

"It must be wonderful to have such an eventful life as you," he said as he looked at Andrew.  "You know so many important people and travel to such far away and fantastic lands."

Andrew looked up to the heavens and realized it was the clearest and bluest sky he'd ever and then wonderful why his mood was in such opposition to the beauty and peace that should be enveloping him.  Out of the corner of his eye, he seen a man making his way up to him and the doc.  This was the bank teller.  Andrew knew the teller visited the doc on many occasion, under the guise of a bad hip, in order to procure lithium for his schezophrenic wife.  Knowing the bank teller had endured much due to her antics, Andrew was surprised to see him so calm and jovial, appearing as though he had no worry in the world.  "Now why can't I be like that?" he thought.

Little by little, Andrew began to take note of the others walking next to and behind him.  Rather than discussing his own toils and troubles, he made a comment questioning the doc about them, one by one.  And one by one, the doc passed on tidbits of information for each individual.  There was the daycare-giver devoting herself to raising little ones as upstanding and honorable members of the community, compelled to do so after being informed that she herself was barren.  There was the nurse who dedicated half of her waking time to charity work, assisting those in need usually by trekking to their homes instead of requiring they come into the clinic.  There was the priest who was teaching children to read, and sometimes their illiterate parents only to find the families also required help to obtain food due to non-work or poor health, in order to thrive.  There was the daughter and granddaughter caring for a woman whom the doc was 99.9% sure had alzehimers but the daughter would not let him diagnose it officially because of the embarrassment the family would suffer in their small town, and their was the man, once a writer, who through a series of strokes lost his ability to pen and now, using a cane to assist him as he toiled along, spread bits of gospel and cheer to those who were lucky enough to cross his path--fortunate enough to be blessed with a kind and loving word from him, which so many needed to get through each of their little, struggling but hopeful lives.
