Don't you remember your old doctor?"

"Yes," he cried--"yes; your voice has not changed at all. I'm glad indeed to see you, Doctor
McLean, especially now. All this seems very strange to me, almost oppressive. I wonder if--but
may I go with you, do you suppose?"

"Surely," answered the doctor, with his familiar smile; "it will do you good. And you also
must have a mansion in the city waiting for you--a fine one, too--are you not looking forward
to it?"

"Yes," replied the other, hesitating a moment: "yes--I believe it must be so, although I had
not expected to see it so soon. But I will go with you, and we can talk by the way."

The two men quickly caught up with the other people, and all went forward together along the
road. The doctor had little to tell of his experience, for it had been a plain, hard life,
uneventfully spent for others, and the story of the village was very simple. John Weightman's
adventures and triumphs would have made a far richer, more imposing history, full of contacts
with the great events and personages of the time. But somehow or other he did not care to speak
much about it, walking on that wide heavenly moorland, under that tranquil, sunless arch of
blue, in that free air of perfect peace, where the light was diffused without a shadow, as
if the spirit of life in all things were luminous.

There was only one person except the doctor in that little company whom John Weightman had
known before--an old book-keeper who had spent his life over a desk, carefully keeping accounts--a
rusty, dull little man, patient and narrow, whose wife had been in the insane asylum for twenty
years and whose only child was a crippled daughter, for whose comfort and happiness he had
toiled and sacrificed himself without stint. It was a surprise to find him here, as care-free
and joyful as the rest.

The lives of others in the company were revealed in brief glimpses as they talked together--a
mother, early widowed, who had kept her little flock of children together and laboured through
hard and heavy years to bring them up in purity and knowledge--a Sister of Charity who had
devoted herself to the nursing of poor folk who were being eaten to death by cancer--a schoolmaster
whose heart and life had been poured into his quiet work of training boys for a clean and thoughtful
manhood--a medical missionary who had given up a brilliant career in science to take the charge
of a hospital in darkest Africa--a beautiful woman with silver hair who had resigned her dreams
of love and marriage to care for an invalid father, and after his death had made her life a
long, steady search for ways of doing kindnesses to others--a poet who had walked among the
crowded tenements of the great city, bringing cheer and comfort not only by his songs, but
by his wise and patient works of practical aid--a paralysed woman who had lain for thirty years
upon her bed, helpless but not hopeless, succeeding by a miracle of courage in her single aim,
never to complain, but always to impart a bit of her joy and peace to every one who came near
her.
