Old Liese was conquered by the Salamander;her shrieks were heard by me; no help could be given; my metallic mirror broke in two with a piercing clang as soon as the Parrot had eaten the Parsnip." From her work-box, Veronica took out a lock of hair and the pieces of the mirror  and as she handed them to Hofrat Heerbrand, she said, "Dear Hofrat, take the fragments of the mirror and tonight,throw them down at twelve o'clock, over the Elbe-bridge, from the place where the Cross stands; the stream isn't frozen there; however, do you wear the lock on your faithful breast. I again abjure all magic; and heartily wish Anselmus happiness of his good fortune, seeing the prettier and richer green Snake is wedded with him. As a true, honest love, I will love and reverence you dear Hofrat." 
The Conrector Paulmann cried, full of sorrow; "Alack, alack! She is cracked, she is cracked; she can never be Frau Hofrätin; she is cracked!" 

"Not at all," interrupted Hofrat Heerbrand; "I am convinced that Mam'sell Veronica feels  kindly toward the loutish Anselmus; and it may be that in some fit of passion, she has had recourse to the wise woman, who, as I perceive, can be no other than the card-caster and coffee-pourer of the Seetor--in a word, old Rauerin. Nor can it be denied that there are secret arts, which exert their influence on men but too balefully; we read of such in the Ancients, and no doubt, they still exist; but as to what Mam'sell Veronica is pleased to say about the victory of the Salamander, and the marriage of Anselmus with the green Snake, this, in reality, I take for nothing but a poetic allegory; a sort of poetic writing, wherein she sings her entire good bye to the pupil." 

"Take it for what you will, best Hofrat!" cried Veronica; "perhaps for a very foolish dream." 

"That I nowise do," replied Hofrat Heerbrand; "for I know well that Anselmus himself is overcome by secret powers, which vex him and drive him on." 

Conrector Paulmann couldn't stand it any longer; he broke loose: "Hold! For the love of Heaven, hold! Is the the cursed punch over taking us, or has Anselmus' madness come over us too? Herr Hofrat, what is this of which you speak? I will suppose, however, that it is love which haunts you; this soon comes to rights in marriage; otherwise I should be apprehensive that you too had fallen into madness, most revered Herr Hofrat; then what would become of the family tree, inheriting the malum of their parents? But now I give my fatherly blessing to this joyful union, and permit you as bride and bridegroom to take a kiss." 

This happened forthwith; and thus before the presented soup had grown cold, was a formal betrothment  In a few weeks, Frau Hofrätin Heerbrand was actually, sitting in the balcony of a fine house in the Neumarkt,as she had been in vision, completed. and looking down with a smile on the lover, who, passing by, turned their glasses up to her, and said: "The Hofrätin Heerbrand is a heavenly lady."
