"Master Mervale," he moaned, "I was right after all. It is the worst plague in all the world, and that same disease leaves smaller marks."

"But," Master Mervale said politely, "you are not married?"

"Married!" His lordship threw his head back and laughed. "Look you, Master Mervale, I don't know  how much you are acquainted with the story. It was in Essex many years since; I was only a lad, and she a maiden.  Oh, such a maiden, with tender green eyes, and a faint, sweet voice that could deny me nothing! When she was made, they broke the mold." The baron paced, gnawing his lip and thinking. "Marry? Her family was noble, but their name outranked their fortune; their crest was not the highest feather in Fortune's cap, you understand; somewhat fallen in the world, Master Mervale. And I? My father was a cruel man, and my two elder brothers and I did not get along. I was the youngest then: Heaven helps them that help themselves, says my father, and I didn't have a penny. I had yet to make my way in the world; to saddle myself with a poor maiden--even a maiden whose voice set a man's heart hammering at his ribs--would have been madness, Master Mervale. Utter and cruel madness!"

"Hmm!" Master Mervale cleared his throat, stroked his mustache, and smiled at some unspoken thought. "We pay for our mistakes in this world, my lord, but I sometimes think that we pay even more dearly for our wisdom."

"Ah!" the baron cried angerly; "By your smirking hints, I take it you think it was a coward's act not to snap my fingers at fate and fathers and dare to marry her! Well! I did not dare. We parted sadly and I set forth to seek my fortune. It was a brave world then, Master Mervale, for all the tears that were still wet on my cheeks! A world where the grass was as green as a certain woman's eyes, a world wherein a likely lad might see far countries, waggle a good sword in Babylon and Constantinole and other ultimate kingdoms, and at last bring home a sultan's daughter for a wife, even if he never loved her."

His voice died away. He sighed and shrugged. "Eh, well!" said the baron; "I fought in Germany some, and in Spain. Then, at last, sick as a dog in Amsterdam, three years ago, where a messenger came to haul me out of bed as future Baron of Falmouth. One brother slain in a duel, Master Mervale; one killed in Shay's Rebellion; my father dying and not eager to go. There you have it, Master Mervale - a  farce of Fortune's making.  I a baron, my own master, fit mate for any woman in the kingdom, and I cannot find my Mary, who was beyond all praise."
