"Ah, Master Mervale," he sighed, "I was right after all,--it is the cruelest plague
in the world, and that same smallpox leaves less troubling scars."

"Yet," Master Mervale said, with courteous interest, "you did not marry?"

"Marry!" His lordship snarled toward the sun and laughed. "Look you, Master Mervale, I know
not how far y'are acquainted with the business. It was in Cornwall yonder years since; I was
but a lad, and she a wench,--Oh, such a wench, with tender blue eyes, and a faint, sweet voice
that could deny me nothing! God does not fashion her like every day,--Dieu qui la fist de ses
deux mains, saith the Frenchman." The marquis paced the grass, gnawing his lip and debating
with himself. "Marry? Her family was good, but their deserts outranked their fortunes; their
crest was not the topmost feather in Fortune's cap, you understand; somewhat sunken i' the
world, Master Mervale, somewhat sunken. And I? My father--God rest his bones!--was a cold,
hard man, and my two elder brothers--Holy Virgin, pray for them!--loved me none too well. I
was the cadet then: Heaven helps them that help themselves, says my father, and I ha'n't a
penny for you. My way was yet to make in the world; to saddle myself with a dowerless wench--even
a wench whose least 'Good-morning' set a man's heart hammering at his ribs--would have been
folly, Master Mervale. Utter, improvident, shiftless, bedlamite folly, lad!"

"H'm!" Master Mervale cleared his throat, twirled his mustachios, and smiled at some unspoken
thought. "We pay for our follies in this world, my lord, but I sometimes think that we pay
even more dearly for our wisdom."

"Ah, lad, lad!" the marquis cried, in a gust of anger; "I dare say, as your smirking hints,
it was a coward's act not to snap fingers at fate and fathers and dare all! Well! I did not
dare. We parted--in what lamentable fashion is now of little import--and I set forth to seek
my fortune. Ho, it was a brave world then, Master Mervale, for all the tears that were scarce
dried on my cheeks! A world wherein the heavens were as blue as a certain woman's eyes,--a
world wherein a likely lad might see far countries, waggle a good sword in Babylon and Tripolis
and other ultimate kingdoms, beard the Mussulman in his mosque, and at last fetch home--though
he might never love her, you understand--a soldan's daughter for his wife,--

With more gay gold about her middle Than would buy half Northumberlee."

His voice died away. He sighed and shrugged. "Eh, well!" said the marquis; "I fought in Flanders
somewhat--in Spain--what matter where? Then, at last, sickened in Amsterdam, three years ago,
where a messenger comes to haul me out of bed as future Marquis of Falmouth. One brother slain
in a duel, Master Mervale; one killed in Wyatt's Rebellion; my father dying, and--Heaven rest
his soul!--not over-eager to meet his Maker. There you have it, Master Mervale,--a right pleasant
jest of Fortune's perpetration,--I a marquis, my own master, fit mate for any woman in the
kingdom, and Kate--my Kate who was past human praising!--vanished."
