"Ah, Master Mervale," he sighed, "I was right as soon as all,--it is the cruelest plague within the earth, and that equivalent smallpox flees less troubling scars." 
"Yet," Master Mervale remarked, with polite interest, "you did not marry-" 

"Marry!" His lordship snarled toward the sun and laughed. "Look you, Master Mervale, I know not how far y'are acquainted with the business. It was within Cornwall yonder years since; I was but a lad, and she a wench,--Oh, such a wench, with romantic blue eyes, and a faint, sweet voice that could deny me nothing! God does not manner her want every day,--Dieu qui la fist de ses deux mains, saith the Frenchman." The marquis paced the grass, gnawing his lip and debating with himself. "Marry- Her relations was nice, but their abandons outranked their fortunes; their crest was not the topmost feather within Fortune's hat, you understand; quite sunken i' the earth, Master Mervale, quite sunken. And I- My father--God lie down his bones!--was a cold, steely man, and my two elder brothers--Holy Virgin, pray for them!--loved me nobody too well. I was the cadet then: Heaven serves them that assistance themselves, says my husband, and I ha'n't a penny for you. My distance was yet towards earn within the world; towards saddle myself with a dowerless wench--even a wench whose lowest 'Good-morning' predetermined a man's heart hammering at his ribs--would possess been folly, Master Mervale. Utter, improvident, shiftless, bedlamite folly, lad!" 

"H'm!" Master Mervale cleared his throat, twirled his mustachios, and smiled at a number of unspoken thought. "We buy our follies within this earth, my lord, but I occasionally think that we remunerate even many dearly for our wisdom." 

"Ah, lad, lad!" the marquis cried, within a gust of anger; "I dare say, as your smirking hints, it was a coward's act not towards click fingers at providence and fathers and dare all! Well! I did not dare. We parted--in what lamentable manner is already of little import--and I predetermined forth towards seek my fortune. Ho, it was a brave earth otherwise, Master Mervale, for everybody the tears that were scarce dried onto my cheeks! A earth wherein the heavens were as blue as a certain woman's eyes,--a earth wherein a necessarily lad powers see far countries, waggle a nice sword within Babylon and Tripolis and else ultimate kingdoms, beard the Mussulman within his mosque, and at last fetch home--though he powers never relish her, you understand--a soldan's daughter for his wife,-- 

With many gay gold approximately her middle Than would buy halves Northumberlee." 

His voice died away. He sighed and shrugged. "Eh, well!" remarked the marquis; "I battled within Flanders somewhat--in Spain--what matter where- Then, at last, sickened within Amsterdam, three years ago, whereas a messenger arrives towards pull me out of bed as future Marquis of Falmouth. One brother slain within a duel, Master Mervale; one killed within Wyatt's Rebellion; my husband dying, and--Heaven lie down his soul!--not over-eager towards greet his Maker. There you possess it, Master Mervale,--a right harmonious laugh of Fortune's perpetration,--I a marquis, my own master, install mate for any woman within the kingdom, and Kate--my Kate whom was beyond human praising!--vanished."
