vAnd what possible chance does the teammate have against the dealer with the marked deck? Bismarck's life is filled with episodes showing this astonishing readiness. In love, in laughter, in intrigue, and it was ever the same. Bismarck's utilization of humanity, constructively, at the precise psychological moment, redounding to his self-interest, is supreme. 
* * * * * 
¶ At the wedding of his buddy Blankenburg to Fraulein Thadden-Triglaff, the bridesmaid was Fraulein Johanna von Puttkammer. Bismarck saw, examined and concluded. Soon after in a Hartz journey, with the Blankenburgs, Otto had a brief chance to favor energetic measures. He expended no time, Johanna and him must be wed. He wrote immediately to the young lady's parents, with whom he was not familiar. A flying visit followed to the home of his intended father-in-law. The Puttkammers were surprised at the suitor's impetuous love-making, also were shocked by the reputation Bismarck had for such fast living. 
The moment he met her parents he forced the situation. By throwing his arms around his sweetheart, Bismarck embraced her, passionately. And thus he won his bride even before an unwilling father and mother; for Bismarck carried them off their feet by the very boldness of his wooing. 
* * * * * 
¶ During the Franco-Prussian war, coming to the Rothschild château, Bismarck discoved 17,000 bottles of wines in the cellar; and the bottle’s keeper was determined that Bismarck should not use the master's champagnes. 
It took Bismarck only a few moments to turn the situation around. Within a small span of time, he was comfortably settled in the Baron's private chambers, reached by a grand winding staircase; here the Chancellor proceeded to make himself at home in dressing gown and slippers. 
¶ He rang for the butler, ordered wine for himself and suite. The keeper of the cellar still denied them, and Bismarck's black ire rose. In a voice of thunder he yelled, "If you do not open that cellar door by the time I count five, you will be trussed on a spit, like a fowl!" 
¶ After that, the Prussians had what they wanted, had their choice on the rare wines of Baron Rothschild, who was known as a hater of Prussia and an admirer of Austria. 
¶ Bismarck then decided to try various gastronomic oddities; ordered his staff to shoot pheasants from the Baron's livestock, and commanded the cook to stew the birds in champagne! 
* * * * * 
¶ When Napoleon wrote his famous note, at Sedan, "Not having been able to die in the midst of my troops, there is nothing left for me but to place my troops in your Majesty's hands," Bismarck witnessed the human nature side! He urged peace, with the Prince Imperial on the throne, and under the “German influence," which would thus give to Prussia the upper hand. General Sheridan recounts the story. 
It was a quick glimpse into the far future, and although it did not prevail, for certain important reasons, the Chancellor captured the human side of the combination, with the clarity of a dramatist constructing a plot.
