And what chance does the co-player have against the dealer's marked deck? Bismarck's life is filled with episodes showing surprising readiness. Love, laughter and intrigue, it was always the same. Bismarck use human nature, constructively, it is the exact psychological moment redounding his own interest, is the highest. 
* * * * * 

During the his friend's wedding Blankenburg to Fraulein Thadden-Triglaff, with Fraulein Johanna von Puttkammer. The Bismarck had seen, admired, and decided. Shortly in Hartz trip, along with Blankenburgs, Otto got a brief opportunity for energetic measures. He dyd not waste ano time, Johanna has to be his wife! He wrote directly to the young woman's parents, whom he did not know. Followed with a flying visit to his intended father-in-law's house. Puttkammers were surprised by the suitor's passionate lovemaking, also shocked to Bismarck's reputation of fast living. 

He forced the situation at the moment he saw the daughter and parents. Opening his arms, taking his lover, Bismarck embraced her strongly. And thus he succeeded in winning his bride in front of reluctant father and mother, as the Bismarck, carried them off their feet with very audacity of his wooing. 

* * * * * 

During the Franco-Prussian War, approaching at Rothschild Château, Bismarck discovered 17 000 wine bottles locked up in the basement, and the owner had decided that Bismarck should leave the master's champagne. 

It did not take much time for Bismarck change everything. Soon he was settled comfortably in the private chambers of Baron, that has a grand spiral staircase, the Chancellor comforted himself for rest in the dressing gown as well as slippers. 

He called the butler and ordered wine for himself and suite. The owner of the wine still refused and Bismarck's black anger rose. In a thundering voice, he cried out: "By the time I I count five, if you do not open the cellar, you will be trussed on a skewer, as the birds!" 

Thereafter, the Prussians got what they wanted, made merry with the rare wines Baron Rothschild, who was known as Prussian hater Austrian admirer. 

Bismarck now wished to try a different gastronomic eccentricities, he ordered his fellow-men to shoot the pheasants of the Baron's preserves, and ordered the cook stew birds with champagne! 

* * * * * 

In his famous note, Napoleon at Sedan, "Not being killed in the middle of my troops, there is no option for me but to handover my troops in the hands of your Majesty" Bismarck saw a side of human nature at a glance! He urged for peace, and there, the Imperial Prince on the throne, and "under the influence of Germans", which would give way to Prussia on the neck. General Sheridan says. 

It was a momentary vision into the distant future, and although it does not exist, for some important reasons, Chancellor captured the human-side of the combination, along with the clarity playwright building a plot.
