
"Forestalling" is the buying up provisions on the way to a market with intent to sell at a
higher price; and the doctrine applied primarily to provisions, that is to say, necessaries
of life. Precisely the same thing exists to-day, only we term it the buying of futures, or
the attempt to create a corner. We shall find that the buying of futures, that is to say, of
crops not yet grown or outputs not yet created, is still obnoxious to many of our legislatures
to-day, and has been forbidden, or made criminal, in many States. "Regrating" is defined in
some of the early dictionaries as speculating in provisions; the offence of buying provisions
at a market for the purpose of reselling them within four miles of the place. The careful regulation
of markets and market towns that existed in early times in England would not suffer some rich
capitalist to go in and buy all that was offered for sale with intent of selling it to the
same neighborhood at a higher price. Bishop Hatto of the Rhine, you may remember, paid with
his life for this offence. The prejudice against this sort of thing has by no means ended to-day.
We have legislation against speculation in theatre tickets, as well as in cotton or grain.
"Engrossing" is really the result of a successful forestalling, with or without regrating;
that is to say, it is a complete "corner of the market"; from it our word "grocer" is derived.
Such corners, if completely successful, would have the public at their mercy; luckily they
rarely are; the difficulty, in fact, begins when you begin to regrate. But in artificial commodities
it is easier; so in the Northern Pacific corner, a nearly perfect engrossing; the shares of
stock went to a thousand dollars, and might have gone higher but for the voluntary interference
of great financiers. Leiter's Chicago corner in wheat, Sully's corner in cotton, were almost
perfect examples of engrossing, but failed when the regrating began. All these tend to monopoly,
and act, of course, in restraint of trade; the broader meanings of these two latter more important
principles we leave for later discussion.

(1285) The Statute of Bakers, or Assize of Bread and Ale, is by some assigned to the 13th of
Edward I. If so, we find all these great modern questions treated by statute in the reign of
the same great law-making king, Edward I, who well was called the "English Justinian"; for,
in 1305, twenty years later, we have the first Statute of Conspiracy. This statute only applies
to the maintaining of lawsuits; but the Statute of Laborers of 1360 declares void all alliances
and covins between masons, carpenters, and guilds, chapters and ordinances; and from this time
on the statutes recognize the English common law of conspiracy in general words.

As this is one of the most important doctrines of the English law, and moreover one which is
most criticised to-day by large interests, both of capital and labor, it will be wise to dwell
upon its historical and logical origin in this place, though we shall consider it at length
later as it touches various fields of legislation.
