Buying up provisions on the way to market with the purpose of selling it at a higher price is called "forestalling".  This typically applied to only the necessaries of life, the provisions.  This practice still exists today, except we call it attempting to create a corner, or buying future. Buying crops not yet grown or outputs that haven't been created yet are examples of buying of futures that many legislatures find to be problematic and disallowed, even criminal, in many States.  In some early dictionaries, speculating in provisions is called "regrating".  The offence is defined as buying provisions at a market planning to resell them within four miles of the market.  In early times in England, the practice of forestalling was not tolerated.  Markets and market towns were carefully regulate, and rich capitalists could not buy all of a product that was offered for sale with the intent of selling it in the same neighborhood at a higher price.  One man even paid for his life for this offence, Bishop Hatto of the Rhine.  There is still prejudice against this type of practice in modern days.  There is currently legislation in place against forestalling in grain, cotton, and theatre tickets.  A complete "corner of the market", with or without regrating, is called "engrossing".  It is where the origin of the word "grocer" comes from.  The public would be at the mercy of corners of the market; luckily however the markets are rarely at risk for such peril.  In fact, the difficulty begins when you begin to regrate.  However, in artificial commodities it is easier to forestall, In the Nothern Pacific corner there was a nearly perfect engrossing and shares of stock went to a thousand dollars.  Prices might have increased even more but luckily some great financiers voluntarily interfered to stop the rise of the stock price. Some almost perfect examples of engrossing were Leiter's Chicago corner in wheat and Sully's corner in cotton; luckily, these failed when the regrating began.  These engrossings act in restraint of trade due to their monopoly tendencies.  The greater meanings of these latter principles will be discussed later.

It is to the 13th of Edward I that the (1285) Statute of Bakers, or Assize of Bread and ale is asigned.  In the reign of the law making king, these modern issues had already been addressed in statute.  Edward the I was appropriatedly named the English Justinian.  The Statute of Conspiracy first appeared 20 years later in 1305.  However, this statute applies only in the maintenance of lawsuits.  The Statute of Laborers of 1360 nullifies any alliances and covins between masons, carpenters, guilds, chapters, and ordinances.  From that point on, English common law recognized conspiracy in common language.

This is one of the most criticized by large interests (capital and labor) but most important doctrines of English law.  It is of the utmost importance to ponder the historical and logical beginnings of these doctrines. Inevitably, we will consider this issue in depth as it touches on other fields of legislation.
