One would suppose
that they above all others would see the wisdom of irrigating their bowels. But it is seldom
that there is one who thinks of such a thing. A cup of coffee or tea at meal-time, in addition
to the liquid contained in the food, is the extent of water consumption by ever so many teetotalers
and other "totalers," especially women, until they reach, say, thirty years of age. Such persons
as a rule are not long-lived, inasmuch as their power of resistance is small, owing to their
lack of blood, a lack in quality as well as in quantity. The blood pressure in their arteries
and veins is light, as evidenced by their pale, sallow complexion, and the dry, scaly, feverish
skin, which seldom or never perspires. The body garden has not been properly irrigated and
is slowly drying up as age advances. Did you ever notice how like death such persons appear
when they are asleep? Their dull, pasty complexions alarm us then. When I see them a desire
to soak these dried specimens of humanity possesses me. Is it not unfortunate that we were
not born with an automatic irrigator? We even lack a tube on our boiler to indicate the danger
point! Deficient by nature in these little conveniences, and unaided by science, man is compelled
to give some attention to the irrigation of his physiological soil, however indifferent or
careless he may be.

Planters and gardeners have treatises on irrigation. Have mothers or nurses any similar guides?
Such books are unknown to modern civilization. Infants, boys and girls, and adults are brought
up haphazard, and their garden of life becomes choked with weeds. The drought soon makes itself
felt, and a little graveyard mound is their usual fate. Before some of us wither and fade,
to what a pest-weed is our adipose changed for want of life-giving water.

Man's most serious physiological fault is the toleration of constipation; or even of semi-constipation
induced by the twenty-four-hour habit of stooling. In other words, his fault is the toleration
of intestinal uncleanliness. And next to this foolhardiness is his negligence in the matter
of drinking daily a quantity of pure soft water sufficient to aid in the proper stimulation
and circulation of the blood, in the proper elimination of the waste material from the body,
and in the proper assimilation of nutriment by the system.

If parents would encourage their children to become bibbers of pure spring water daily it would
not be easy to make them bibbers of intoxicants in after years. I would give a child all the
liquid it desires, I would even encourage it to take more rather than less, and the best liquid
of all for this purpose is pure soft water. Man's body is 70 per cent water. It is therefore
a good-sized water cask with a ramification of countless canals or pipes imbedded in soft connective
tissues, nerves and muscles, all of which are supported by a bony framework; through the centre
of this runs the alimentary canal, down which waters may flow and disappear like unto a stream
lost in the sand, to reappear and ooze from skin, lungs, kidneys and intestinal canal.
