One would realize that they above all can see the wisdom of washing their bowels. But it is not very often that one thinks of such a thing. A nice cup of coffee or a cup of tea at meal time, including the liquid contained in the food is the amount of water consumed by ever so many teetotalers and other "totalers" mostly women, until they attain the age of thirty. Such persons as a whole are not longived, as their power of resistance is weak, due to the lack of blood, and a lack in quality as well as quantity. The blood pressure in their arteries remain light, as you can see by their pale, sallow texture of their complexion, as well as the dry scaly, unhealthy skin, which does not perspire. The body plantation has not been irrigated and is slowly dwindling as age advances. Did you notice the death like appearance these persons look when they are asleep. Their alarmingly dull and pasty complexions frighten us then. When i look at them there is an inbuilt desire to irrigate these dried specimens of humanity comes over me. It is absolutely not unfortunate that we are not born with an automatic watering system. We do not have a tube on our boiler to show us the danger point! Deficient by nature in these conveniences , and unshelled by science, man is made to give some attention to the watering of his psychological soul, what ever the indifference and carelessness the may possess.

Planters and gardeners have a systematic, usually extensive written discourse on irrigation. Do mothers and nurses have similar guides? Such knowledge in the form of books are not known to modern civilization. Babies, boys and girls as well as adults are brought up in a very haphazard manner such that their garden of life becomes chocked with weeds. The drought soon makes its presence felt and the grave becomes their usual fate. Before long some of us wither and fade, to what a pest-like weed is our tissues changed for want of the giver of life, a Water.

Man's most serious psychological defect is the toleration of constipation, or semi constipation induced by the twenty four habit of stooling. In other words, his main folly is the toleration of bowel uncleanliness. And next to the foolishness is his negligence to drink water daily, a measure of pure quantity of soft water which is sufficient enough to bring about the stimulation and blood circulation, in the best way to elimination of the waste material from the human body, and in the best assimilation of nutrition by the system.

If parents could encourage their children to drink pure spring water everyday, it would be difficult to make them bibbers of intoxicants in the later years. I would give an infant all the liquid it desires. And i would even encourage it to intake more rather than less a quantity, and the best liquid that serves the purpose is pure drinking water. The body of Human beings contain 70% water. The body is therefore a good sized water cask with the presence of countless canals or tubes embedded in soft connective tissues, nerves and muscles which are supported by a bony framework, the elementary canal runs through the centre where the waste water flows only to get sucked in by the sand and reappear to ooze from the body again.
