Many times before I have heard 'Continental damn', but it had never occurred to me what the article really was. I know Dante has provided a corner for those who were in-continentally condemned; but it was reserved for you to abridge the word, and so make a vice of a virtue! 
I once lived in a village. An itinerant dramatic company came to this village and advertised to play a grand moral temperance drama, called Down the Hill. 
The primary actor was named Eglantine Mowbray. It became apparent that the latter syllable of his last name was the only portion thereof to which he was really entitled, as he had a very raucous nature.
The bills showed the following title: 
UNPARALLELED ATTRACTION. 
On Monday Evening, 
THE YOUTHFUL ROSCUSS! 
EGLANTINE MOWBRAY!! 
Will perform in his magnificent rôle, 
DOWN THE HILL. 
The rubes had seen circuses before, but had never seen energetic youthful Roscusses.  This was completely beyond anything they had experienced prior to this night. Quite as unfamiliar was the word rôle, which, to their illiteracy, stood for movement, by 'turning on the surface, or with a circular motion, in which all parts of the surface are successively applied to a plane, 'as to roll a barrel or puncheon.' [You use Webster?] 
So, when the 'show' opened many people showed up to see it. There was an enormous crowd of two hundred and thirty onlookers, and each of them waited with hopeful anticipation for an acrobatic performance. 
Despite this, they enjoyed the play. In those days, Temperance was rife among us.  It was 'in our midst,' as people ought not to say. The inebriated ignominies of John the Inebriate were appreciated by the people. Regardless, there was an  obvious sense of unfulfilled anticipation, which increased with every act.  Each member of the audience whispered to their fellow villager the same thought, 'How long we gotta wait for him to roll down-hill.' 
The play ended. The Drunkard died, under a strong pressure of delirium tremens, moaning and braying at volumes high enough to frighten away the fiends which surrounded.  To everyone’s surprise on stage and off, the fall of the curtain was accompanied by a thunder-roar of loathing, and hisses were heard like rain falling. 
The audience voted the play a humbug. The village was disappointed. Eglantine Mowbray stock went down to nothing. 
But the manager was a cunning man. He realized what the people wanted, and was determined to fix it. A poster was posted the next morning that declared that on that night Mr. Eglantine Mowbray would end his performance with his awesome and unequaled endeavor of rolling down the hill! 
And he did. The Inebriate showed at the last second with jug in hand, unbearable and moaning. He was at the top of a huge boulder that sloped down at a forty-five degree angle which led down to a secretive rocky ditch. Here lied overgrown briers and bushes, all bearing brambles with spikes of thorns,that appeared as twisted dangerous hooks.
