I have often heard of a 'Continental
    damn'--it never occurred to me before what the article really was.
    Dante has, I know, provided a corner for those who were
    in-continentally condemned; but it was reserved for you to
    abridge the word, and so make a vice of a virtue!

    I once lived in a village: to that village came an itinerant
    dramatic company; and that company advertised to play a grand
    moral temperance drama, entitled Down the Hill.

    The principal actor called himself Eglantine Mowbray. I believe
    that the latter syllable of the last name was the only portion
    thereof to which he was really entitled. He did bray.

    The bills appeared, with the following heading:

  UNPARALLELED ATTRACTION.

  On Monday Evening,

  THE YOUTHFUL ROSCUSS!

  EGLANTINE MOWBRAY!!

  Will appear in his great rôle,

  DOWN THE HILL.

    Our simple villagers had seen circuses; but youthful Roscusses
    were entirely beyond their experience. Quite as unfamiliar was the
    word rôle, which, to their badly-lettered fancy, stood for
    movement, by 'turning on the surface, or with a circular motion,
    in which all parts of the surface are successively applied to a
    plane, 'as to roll a barrel or puncheon.' [You use Webster?]

    So, when the 'show' opened, there was a large attendance, and in
    that vast multitude of two hundred and thirty men, women, and
    children, there was not one who did not anticipate an acrobatic
    performance.

    The play pleased them, however. Temperance was rife among us in
    those days; it was 'in our midst,' as people ought not to say,
    and the drunken disgraces of John the Inebriate were appreciated.
    Still, there was an evident feeling of unsatisfied anticipation,
    which grew with every act, and in all the house there was not a
    soul who did not murmur to his or her neighbor, 'I wonder when
    he's goin' to roll down-hill.'

    The play terminated. The Inebriate died, under a strong pressure
    of delirium tremens, groaning and braying loud enough to scare
    away the fiends which gathered around. But, to the amazement of
    all parties upon the stage and behind the scenes, the fall of the
    curtain was accompanied by a thunder-roar of disgust, and the
    rain-like sound of numerous hisses.

    The audience voted the play a humbug. The village was disgusted.
    Eglantine Mowbray stock went down to nothing.

    But the manager was a shrewd fellow. He found out what was
    wanting, and resolved to remedy it. So, the next morning's posters
    announced that on that evening Mr. Eglantine Mowbray would
    perform, at the conclusion, his terrific and unparalleled feat of
    rolling down the hill!

    And he did. At the last moment, the Inebriate appeared, bottle in
    hand, agonizing and howling on the summit of a high rock, from
    which a slope, at an angle of forty-five degrees, went down to a
    mysterious craggy pit, thickly grown around with briers and
    shrubs, all bearing spiky thorns of the most fish-hooky and
    ten-penny nail description imaginable.
