Mrs. Small's husband died(He was better)Mrs. Small was in distress. Till he was beyond suffering, pity was  transferred from the principal sufferer to her. When every body came to visit the condition of the corpse was calm and of eternal peace.

Mrs. Small  in the first letter of her widowhood, did not make a  judicious application of the favourite epithet, addressed to an intimate female friend. It was her habit to write To this friend once a quarter . In her succession of the  state of sorrow, three following passages from her epithet inserted:-

Addressed to Nelly she wrote,-- A good economical undertaker  was entrusted by my brother-in-law  of the funeral  named Peebles. I have not seen him,I am  not for that,he was too large a way to attend himself,  sends his man for orders,  all done handsome and cheap. 

Funeral will be to-morrow, MARY SMALL wrote  to Nelly, poor Mr. Peebles's man came here last night. As might be expected I was in trouble. My poor new black bonnet has not come home, I was uneasy. Poor Peebles's man said, don't be disappointed, he were to go for it himself in it. Poor Peebles's man! he is up early and down late, to see all right. Came to my room this morning before I was out of bed, was decent, &c. &c. &c. Yours to command.   

MARY SMALL wrote to Nelly she wrote,--It is now three months since that poor coffin was buried, I feel quite a strange situation and lonely. But business quite well and brisk. Poor kind Peebles's man! almost always about the house, doing some kind job or other is a very decent body. I don't know how  to say comfortable. There's a sad noise with my sister's family. You know I never could bear children. My husband has gone, was the only one of the family that could. I know what I could do without poor dear Peebles's man. Yours to command. 

MARY MERRIMATE wrote to Nelly,that poor dear kind Peebles's man has never left here. He's my right hand, assure of his decent body. Funeral took place before six good months. Now I find I am not fit to live alone and was married this morning to poor Peebles's man. Your sincere friend.
"P.S. Excuse my change of name."

THE GATHERER.
Lord Trentham and Sir George Vandeput were candidates in electioneering in 1749, during the great contested election for Westminster. Dr. Barrowby greatly interested himself in favour of the latter, was put up to oppose the Court party . The doctor had for some weeks attended the noted Joe Weatherby, landlord of the Ben Jonson's Head, in Russell-street, who had become extremely thin by a nervous fever. During Dr. Barrowby's visits, the patient's wife, not knowing the doctor's political attachment, expressed her uneasiness frequently that  Joey could not get up, and vote for her good friend Lord Trentham.
