Mrs. Small's husband, was better.) died, - Mrs. Small, of course, decent affliction. But the word of pity was always the victim moved from her principal, until he was beyond suffering. So for the first time was given to the "poor" body, which each came to visit, such as search and flattered "nice." 
The little lady herself, in the first letter of her widowhood, led to a close friend, did a more judicious favorite epithet. To this friend was his habit of writing once a quarter. We insert three passages, one drawn from each of these quarterly letters, which came after his mourning sad: - 

"Dear Nelly - My brother-in-law has given the address of the funeral of good economic management by name Peebles. I have not seen, and I like it because is too large in a way to attend himself, and he sends his man to the orders and to see everything done looking, but cheap. 

"Poor man, Mr. Peebles arrived here last night and the funeral will be tomorrow. I'm in a lot of problems, as expected. My poor black bonnet again not to go home, and keeps me busy, but the poor man says Peebles will not be disappointed, even if you have to go by himself. Peebles Poor man is very early and late, to see well. I was in my room this morning before I was out of bed, they can all be decent , & c. & c. & c. Yours to command, dear Nelly, Mary SMALL. " 

"Dear Nelly - It's been three months and better since the coffin was placed on poor land, and I declare I feel quite strange and lonely without her. But the business is going quite well and briskly. Peebles poor class man! It is from time to time, usually around the house, doing some work or otherwise. It is a very decent body, but I do not know how, I'm not that comfortable. A noise with my sister sad family. You know I never could bear children. My late husband, who is gone, was the only family he could. I'm sure I do not know what I could do without the poor man Peebles. At your command, dear Nelly, Mary SMALL. 

"Dear Nelly, - Poor fellow Peebles man has never left here, he's my right hand, and he's a pretty decent body for sure. It's been good six months since the funeral was held poor. I find I am not worthy of living alone: I was married this morning at poor Peebles. Your sincere friend, dear Nelly, Mary MERRIMATE. 

"PS Sorry for my name change." 

* * * * * 

The collector. 

Election campaign. - In 1749, during the election contested by large Westminster, when Lord Trentham and Sir George Vandeput were candidates, Dr. Barrowby was very interested in favor of the latter, who was set to oppose the Court party. The doctor had attended for several weeks watched Joe Weatherby, owner of Ben Jonson's Head in Russell Street, who had become ravaged by a nervous fever. During the visits of Dr. Barrowby, not the patient's wife, knowing political attachment of the physician, had often expressed his concern that his beloved Joey could not get up and vote for his good friend Lord Trentham
