Mrs. Small's husband was better.) He died,--Mrs.
Small was, of course, in decent affliction. But the word of pity was always transferred from
the principal sufferer to her, till he was beyond suffering. Then first it was bestowed on
the "poor" corpse, which every one came to visit, and flattered as looking "pleasant."

Mrs. Small herself, in the first letter of her widowhood, addressed to an intimate female friend,
did not make a more judicious application of the favourite epithet. To this friend it was her
habit to write once a quarter. We insert three passages; one extracted from each of these quarterly
epistles, which followed in due succession after her sad bereavement:--

"Dear Nelly,--My brother-in-law has given the direction of the funeral to a good economical
undertaker, by name Peebles. I have not seen him, and am not like; for he is in too large a
way to attend himself, and he sends his man for orders, and to see all done handsome, but cheap.

"Poor Mr. Peebles's man came here last night, and the funeral will be to-morrow. I am in much
trouble, as might be expected. My poor new black bonnet is not come home, and keeps me fretting;
but poor Peebles's man says I shan't be disappointed, even if he has to go for it himself.
Poor Peebles's man! he is up early and down late, to see all right. He was in my room this
morning before I was out of bed, that all might be decent, &c. &c. &c. Yours to command, dear
Nelly, MARY SMALL."

"Dear Nelly,--It is now three months and better since that poor coffin was put under ground,
and I declare I feel quite queer and lonesome without it. But business goes on quite well and
brisk. Poor kind Peebles's man! he is off and on; almost always about the house, doing some
kind job or other. He is a very decent body; but, I don't know how it is, I'm not to say comfortable.
There's a sad noise with my sister's family. You know I never could bear children. My late
husband, that's gone, was the only one of the family that could. I am sure I don't know what
I could do without poor dear Peebles's man. Yours to command, dear Nelly, MARY SMALL.

"Dear Nelly,--Poor dear kind Peebles's man has never left here; he's my right hand, and he
is a very decent body indeed. It is now six good months since that poor funeral took place.
I find I am not fit to live alone: I was married this morning to poor Peebles's man. Your sincere
friend, dear Nelly, MARY MERRIMATE.

"P.S. Excuse my change of name."

       *       *       *       *       *

THE GATHERER.

Electioneering.--In 1749, during the great contested election for Westminster, when Lord Trentham
and Sir George Vandeput were candidates, Dr. Barrowby greatly interested himself in favour
of the latter, who was put up to oppose the Court party. The doctor had for some weeks attended
the noted Joe Weatherby, landlord of the Ben Jonson's Head, in Russell-street, who had become
emaciated by a nervous fever. During Dr. Barrowby's visits, the patient's wife, not knowing
the doctor's political attachment, had frequently expressed her uneasiness that her dear Joey
could not get up, and vote for her good friend Lord Trentham.
