To take one instance: an Arab slave wishes to say that he has caught sight
of a sail nearing the coast. And this is how he says it:

     I looked abroad upon the wide old world,
     And in the sky and sea, through the same clouds,
     The same stars saw I glistening, and nought else,
     And as my soul sighed unto the world's soul,
     Far in the north a wind blackened the waters,
     And, after that creating breath was still,
     A dark speck sat on the sky's edge: as watching
     Upon the heaven-girt border of my mind
     The first faint thought of a great deed arise,
     With force and fascination I drew on
     The wished sight, and my hope seemed to stamp
     Its shade upon it. Not yet is it clear
     What, or from whom, the vessel.

In scenes which aim at being passionate one sees the same inability to be natural. What we
get is always literature; it is never less than that, nor more than that. It is never frank,
uncompromising nature. The fact is, that Beddoes wrote from the head, collectively, and without
emotion, or without inspiration, save in literature. All Beddoes' characters speak precisely
the same language, express the same desires; all in the same way startle us by their ghostly
remoteness from flesh and blood. 'Man is tired of being merely human,' Siegfried says, in Death's
Jest-Book, and Beddoes may be said to have grown tired of humanity before he ever came to understand
it.

Looked at from the normal standpoint, Beddoes' idea of the drama was something wildly amateurish.
As a practical playwright he would be beneath contempt; but what he aimed at was something
peculiar to himself, a sort of spectral dramatic fantasia. He would have admitted his obligations
to Webster and Tourneur, to all the macabre Elizabethan work; he would have admitted that his
foundations were based on literature, not on life; but he would have claimed, and claimed justly,
that he had produced, out of many strange elements, something which has a place apart in English
poetry. Death's Jest-Book is perhaps the most morbid poem in our literature. There is not a
page without its sad, grotesque, gay, or abhorrent imagery of the tomb. A slave cannot say
that a lady is asleep without turning it into a parable of death:

         Sleeping, or feigning sleep,
     Well done of her: 'tis trying on a garb
     Which she must wear, sooner or later, long:
     'Tis but a warmer, lighter death.

Not Baudelaire was more amorous of corruption; not Poe was more spellbound by the scent of
graveyard earth. So Beddoes has written a new Dance of Death, in poetry; has become the chronicler
of the praise and ridicule of Death. 'Tired of being merely human,' he has peopled a play with
confessed phantoms. It is natural that these eloquent speakers should pass us by with their
words, that they should fail to move us by their sorrows or their hates: they are not intended
to be human, except, indeed, in the wizard humanity of Death.

I have said already that the genius of Beddoes is not dramatic, but lyrical. What was really
most spontaneous in him (nothing was quite spontaneous) was the impulse of song-writing.
