For example: an Arabian deck hand endeavours to alert us that he has sighted a sail approaching the shore. This is how he phrases his announcement:

I scanned the horizon of this broad and ancient cosm, And in the skyline and the main, And through those same clouds. The very same stars gazed I upon in their glimmering, And nothing further, And, as my spirit heaved with the Spirit of the Earth, Distant to the North, a gust advanced upon the sea, And, after that generating wind died, A black jot appeared upon the Firmanent's edge: as observing On the celestial sphere's join unto my wisdom, the first faltering inspiration of a heroic deed came to fore. With impetus and curiosity I focused upon this new sight, And my expectations seemed to place their mark upon the apparition. It has not yet come to pass the revelation of exactly What, or from exactly Where, this apparent bark.

In set pieces that try to be impassioned, we see the same proclivity toward contrivance. What he gives to us is for sure literary; it is never lacking in that quality, but neither does it exceed a minimum competence. It is never openly honest or uncompromising. Truth be told, Beddoes authored purely from the intellect, as a whole, and devoid of affect, or, perhaps, of whimsy, except maybe in his literature apart from the Stage. Every one of Beddoes characters articulate in the same tongue, share the same yearnings; nevertheless shock us with their zombie-like detachment from human qualities. 'Man is tired of being merely human,' opines Siegfried in Death's Jest-Book, and Beddoes might be said to have tired of humanity before he gave it a chance to explain itself.

Viewed from the conventional position, Beddoe's concept of the drama was rather flamboyantly dilettantish. As a straight-up playwright, he would surely be judged as unworthy of consideration, however one must consider that he was trying to be something other than conventional, something unique, a kind of phantasmal, artisitc reverie. He would have acknowledged his debt to Webster and Tourneur, indeed, to all the cadaverous Elizabethan oeuvre; he would not have argued that his basis was built on anything else than that of Literature, and most certainly not upon the naturalness of Life; nonetheless, he would have asserted, and asserted rightly, that he had given birth to, out of a plethora of bizarre components, something which has its niche in English poetry. Death's Jest-Book just maybe the most monstrous poem to be found in Western Literature. Within is not to be found a single page without a melancholy, perverse, blithe, or disgusting portrayal of necrosis. The character of a slave cannot observe that his mistress is taking a nap without transforming the description into a dissertation on the Grave:

Slumbering, or pretending to slumber. Very nicely done, she. 'slike suiting up with a drape she is obligated to wear, eventually, for an extended period of time: 'Tis only a tepid, blander version of Death.

Not Messr. Baudelaire, who loved putrescence; nor Messr. Poe, who preferred the fragrance of graveyard dirt. Verily, Messr. Beddoes has developed a new Choreography of the Tomb, by way of poetry; and has become the recorder of the adoration and burlesque of Death. 'Exhausted by the plight of simply being human', he has populated a drama with undisguised dead people. It is completely understandable that these erudite orators should fail to engage us with their oratory, that they should leave us unaffected by the tribulations of their passionate displeasures; they were never meant to be seen as human, except, to be sure, in the wondrous and mysterious humanity of Death itself.

Don't coerce me to say it once again, that the perspicacity of Beddoes is not in his playwrighting, but in his song-writing. What was in fact most unforced in him (I found nothing purely unforced) was the natural inspiration of his composition.
