The debris was sentenced by the medical authority to be human, but that authority reliable? was that the medical expert in comparative anatomy? If not, the bones have been those who have, perhaps buried in the basement of a wise dog.

The house still stands, or on the street did recently in Washington. The contractor was a sea captain returns after a long absence, with a lot of money, if citizens of the city were bought in the slave trade or piracy. There was also a young house-keeper of the Captain Kidd, who disappeared at the time that he made.

Mrs. M ---- liked to tell this story and has a beautiful talent the way he had that poem, although I must say that in plain prose, was much more effective. She was an English woman, had seen much of the world and was an important person with reading and culture. She had the moral and physical courage to an unusual degree, and was completely reliable, so this story is for me and confirms that it can be second hand.

I have a second episode of the same nature and almost supernaturally gloomy to say that took place on the same street in this city, formerly much affected by ghosts and other supernatural occurrences. I've said before, how, however disturbed, could review the glimpses of the moon in a modern villa, or to comply long before the sound of the steam whistle?

Some years ago I was living in Newport in an old house, also built by a retired sea captain in the first part of this century, but unlike others, no horror stories that I heard. From 1 pm on a winter day in the midst of a raging snowstorm, we sat down to dinner, we heard a noise in the kitchen. Instead of the expected joint, enter a pale woman: "Oh, you can go and see Martha!" The landlady ran to the kitchen and found Martha, cook, nearly fainted in a chair. "What?" As soon as he could speak, she gasped: "Oh, you're standing at the window!" The kitchen window looked at the garden, which had a high fence around it. He immediately ran to see if anyone was there: the ground was covered with a clean, untrodden snow six or eight inches deep. It was quite surprising when in the window a woman was about to faint at the sight of a horrible look on the outside. I looked on the street that ran along the fence, and there was not much of a public road. There was no sign to see the snow. No human foot had been lately in the garden.

When the woman regained consciousness, he suddenly looked up, saw the face of a woman with a look of fear looking at it from the window. On the question of whether it was someone she knew, she replied that her face seemed familiar, but she could not remember the name, which belonged to it. Upon reflection, said it seemed to her daughter as she had not seen since childhood. The girl had been raised by a woman in another state and was now a married woman who lives in Vermont.
