after the completion of apprentice ship he went back to London, and obtained an employment in his trade  In 1777,returned to the country, and entered into partnership with his former master, Mr. Beilby.   Bewick has a taste for rural scenery or pleasurable and enjoyments and the observation of nature, found little interest in London. He never returned establishing himself in the metropolis even  after he had achieved highest celebrity and spent remaining life  in his native district.

The art of wood-engraving was of lowest reputation at that time.  Few of his   specimens were superb.  We may see in  general that the engravings of the above period were mere patches of black and white.  But Bewick introduced those beautiful reliefs, of varieties of light and shade that were worth form the pictorial effect of an engraving. The block had been cut for an edition of Gay's mythical creatures; . Hence, he raised wood-engraving from a state of inferior attitude to the rank of one of the fine arts.  To explain Bewick's improvements may occupy too much  our space. 

In 1755 a cut of an old hound,  he received a premium from the Society of Arts  This is the  first specimen of his talents by which Bewick made himself publicly known. The complete work appeared in 1779 and immediately attracted general attention by the striking superiority of its decoration,  from  the wood-cuts executed by Bewick and his younger brother John.  When Beilby and he entered into partnership,  he  became their apprentice  and  a succession of works which very soon gave altogether a new character to his art itself



Bewick's principal work which established his fame, was his History of Quadrupeds, which appeared in 1790. He was employed many years in preparing this publication, all the cuts  engraved  were all copied from his own drawings.   He had talent for the depiction of animals with tireless industry: he had not the advantages of academical studies, which education in the metropolis might have afforded him, but he drew from life, taking sketches of all the striking specimens that came under his notice, and visiting whichever captivity of exotic animal  were brought to Newcastle. 

[2]  He studied diligent attention from nature, and to this course may be attributed the excellence of the cuts in the History of Quadrupeds. Many of the some thing which can be written in vine-leaves. His publication was adorned for uncommon merit as original sketches; for Bewick did not confine his pencil to the mere depiction  of animals. His glory have been said to partake of his determinate tendency to morality, tenderness, and humour; in telling composed of distinct tale.[3], with every line a lesson.

A catalogue of Bewick's various works will not be expected in this brief sketch.
