He would do this in the duration of his apprenticeship, at the end of which he repaired to London, and obtained employment in his trade. He soon returned to the country, and in 1777 he entered into partnership with his former boss, Mr. Beilby. Bewick with his taste for rural scenery and enjoyments and the observation of nature, doubtless found little to interest him in London; nor even after he had obtained his highest celebrity, did he ever again think of establishing himself in the utopia. He spent the rest of his life in his native district. 
At the beginning of Bewick's active life, the art of wood-engraving had dropped into the lowest repute. Few of its products were superior to the pictures on street ballads of the present day. To explain Bewick's improvements would occupy too much of our space, but, we may observe, generally that the engravings of the above period were mere patches of black and white, till Bewick added those beautiful reliefs, or differentiations of light and dark which principally form the pictorial effect of an engraving. By this tactic he raised wood-engraving from a state of contempt to the rank of one of the fine arts. 
The first product of his talents by which Bewick made himself famous was a cut of an old hound, in 1755, he received a premium from the Society of Arts. The block had been cut for an edition of Gay's fables; the entire work appeared in 1779; and instantaneously brought attention by the defined superiority of its embellishments, which were all from wood-cuts executed by Bewick and his younger brother John, who, when Beilby and he joined into partnership, had gained statues as apprentice. From this time the reputation of the artist went on increasing steadily, and he produced a succession of pieces which soon gave altogether a new character to his art. 
Bewick's finest work, or that which gained the public’s attention, was his History of Quadrupeds, which appeared in 1790. He had been developing this work for many years, all the cuts in which were not only engraved by himself or his brother, but were all copied from his own original drawings. He had gained his early talent for the delineation of animals with unwearied industry: he had not the advantages of academical studies, which education in the metropolis might have afforded him, but he drew from experience, taking drawings of all the striking specimens that came under his notice, and viewing  whatever menageries of exotic animals were brought to Newcastle.[2] Thus he examined assiduously from nature, and to this course may be attributed the superiority of the cuts in the History of Quadrupeds. Many of the vignettes also had uncommon merit as original drawings, because Belwick did not confine his pencil to the mere drawings of animals. His vignettes have been said to partake of his determinate propensity to morality, tenderness, and humor; each telling articulately its own story.[3] and bestowing in every line a lesson. 
A catalogue of Bewick's various pieces will not be expected in this brief sketch.
