During a tour of France, shortly before the accession of Bonaparte on the throne, received the direction of the priests and prefects, who competed in the coarseness and profanity of his adulation. The prefect of Calais appears to have brought the palm from all his brothers. Above the entrance of Napoleon in his department, addressed him as follows: - Silence in regard to our destination, we know that to ensure the happiness and glory of France, to represent all the freedom of trade and seas, to humiliate the other daring destroyers of the universe, and to fix, finally, peace on earth, God created Bonaparte and rested from his work! " 

INA. 

* * * * * 

APOSTLES. 

In the diplomatic language of time s Carlos I ', were the marginal notes, usually in the hand of the king, written in the margin of state documents. The word, meaning something similar, a consequence of canon law. There are many cases of the Apostles by Charles I in the Journal of Archbishop Laud 

JAMES SILVESTER. 

* * * * * 

When Voltaire was in Berlin, wrote this epigram on guard and host the King of Prussia: - 

"King, author, philosopher, hero, musician, Mason, economist, poet, politician, how he rejoiced in Europe if it had been a Christian, a man, how then had taken his queen. 

For this effort of genius, Voltaire was paid with a hundred lashes on his bare back, administered by the king of weapons sergeant, and was forced to sign the receipt curious following drivers: - 

"Received the right to Backoffner Conrad, thirty lashes on my bare back, can be entirely of an epigram of Frederick III, King of Prussia." 

I say that I receive, VOLTAIRE. 

Vive le Roi! 

* * * * * 

Gondhurst church in Kent, is an old well, and notable for several reasons, one of which thirty-nine different parishes can clearly see it, and the sky is clear that the sea off Hastings, a distance of twenty kilometers and half. 

* * * * * 

SPECULATION. 

Sir William Adams, later Sir William Rawson, whose name he took as a result of a property who succeeded him in the right of his wife, was a victim of the mania of mining in South America. He plunged deeply into the speculation, and wrote pamphlets to show that gold and silver ultimately must find its way to Europe from Mexico, which all relations of value would be completely destroyed. He believed what he wrote, but could not prove what he believed. In a period that could have been removed from all his speculations with at least one hundred thousand pounds in his pocket, but he thought he had discovered the Philosopher's Stone - dreaming of wealth beyond what he might say - he continued - was ruined - and you know how and where he died. Poor man! He deserved a better fate. He was a being of good heart, and had a coveted princely fortune, I am convinced there would be used as a prince. But I am forgetting my story.
