
During a tour through France shortly before Bonaparte's accession to the throne he received
the addresses of the Priests and Prefects, who vied with each other in the grossness and impiety
of their adulation. The Prefect of the Pas de Calais seems to have borne away the palm from
all his brethren. On Napoleon's entrance into his department, he addressed him in the following
manner:--"Tranquil with respect to our fate, we know that to ensure the happiness and glory
of France, to render to all people the freedom of commerce and the seas, to humble the audacious
destroyers of the repose of the universe, and to fix, at length, peace upon the earth, God
created Bonaparte, and rested from his labour!"

INA.

       *       *       *       *       *

APOSTLES.

In the diplomatic language of Charles I.'s time, were marginal notes, generally in the king's
hand, written on the margin of state papers. The word, in somewhat a similar sense, had its
origin in the canon law. There are many instances of apostles by Charles I. in Archbishop Laud's
Diary

JAMES SILVESTER.

       *       *       *       *       *

When Voltaire was at Berlin, he wrote this epigram on his patron and host the king of Prussia:--

  "King, author, philosopher, hero, musician,
  Freemason, economist, bard, politician,
  How had Europe rejoiced if a Christian he'd been,
  If a man, how he then had enraptured his queen."

For this effort of wit, Voltaire was paid with thirty lashes on his bare back, administered
by the king's sergeant-at-arms, and was compelled to sign the following curious receipt for
the same:--

  "Received from the righthand of Conrad
  Backoffner, thirty lashes on my bare
  back, being in full for an epigram on
  Frederick the Third, King of Prussia."

I say received by me, VOLTAIRE.

Vive le Roi!

       *       *       *       *       *

The church at Gondhurst, in Kent, is a fine old building, and remarkable for several reasons;
one of which is, that thirty-nine different parishes may be distinctly seen from it, and in
clear weather the sea, off Hastings, a distance of twenty-seven miles and a half.

       *       *       *       *       *

SPECULATION.

Sir William Adams, afterwards Sir William Rawson, which name he took in consequence of some
property he succeeded to by right of his wife, was one of the victims of the South American
mining mania. He plunged deeply into speculation, and wrote pamphlets to prove that so much
gold and silver must ultimately find its way into Europe from Mexico, that all the existing
relations of value would be utterly destroyed. He believed what he wrote, though he failed
to demonstrate what he believed. At one period he might have withdrawn himself from all his
speculations with at least a hundred thousand pounds in his pocket; but he fancied he had discovered
the philosopher's stone--dreamed of wealth beyond what he could count--went on--was beggared--and
you know how and where he died. Poor fellow! He deserved a better fate. He was a kind-hearted
creature; and if he coveted a princely fortune, I am satisfied he would have used it like a
prince. But I am forgetting my story.
