Before Bonaparte's accession to the throne he received the Priests and Prefect's addresses. They vied with one another. The pal of the Perfect of the Pas de Calais brethren has seemed to borne away. Upon Napoleon's arrival he stated, "Tranquil with respect to our fate, we know that to ensure the happiness and glory of France, to render to all people the redom of commerce and the seas, to humble the audacious destroyers of the repose of the universe, and to fix, at length, peace upon earth, God created Bonaparte, and rested from his labour!"

APOSTILES:

Charles I's time held the language of marginal notes. These notes were written on the margin of state papers generally in the king's handwriting. The word originated from the canon law. Charles I is mention in Archbishop Laud's Diary several times. 

JAMES SILVESTER:


Voltaire wrote the following epigram for the king of Prussia when he was in Berlin:

"King, author, philosopher, hero, musician, Freemason, economist, bard, politician, How had Europe rejoiced if a Christian he'd been, If a man, how he then had enraptured his queen.

Voltaire was punished for his quote with thirty lashes to his back. The lashing was given by the king's sergeant-at-arms. Following the punishment, Voltaire was made to sign the following receipt:

"Received from the righthand of Conrad Backoffner, thirty lashes on my bare back, being in full for an epigram on Frederick the Third, King of Prussia."

The majestic and aged church at Gonhurst is located in Kent. It is regard as remarkable for several reason. For instance, thirty-nine parishes can be seen from it, the sea can occasionally be seen from it in clear weather, also sometime a distance of 27.5 miles can be viewed. 

SPECULATION

Sir William Adams, a.k.a Sir William Rawson, was a victim of the South American mining mania. He acquired his new name due to consequences of property he obtained from his wife. He wrote several instances about how gold and silver needed to be brought to america from mexico. If this were to occur he speculated that all current relations of value would be destroyed. He withdrew from his ideas with some money and dreamed of what could be.
