It was at this point that the lethal breach showed up, which habitually, it seems, forestalls perfection in the chain. If I had been able to secure a death certificate for the incident occuring on the date of the blizzard, I daresay I would have been closer to a soul than I ever hope to be until I myself revert to one. S. C. CLARKE

NOTATIONS:

Commentaries upon the "language of flowers" should, for sake of closure, devote one chapter to their political implications. Great Britain had its "War of Roses"; and regarding this tiff, a moderate mockery might issue from a French "Strife of the Flowers". The violet has been adopted as a Bonapartist insignia, and when, in spring last year, Napoleon expired in banishment, and his supporters looked for some demonstrative of their devotion to his remembrance and his movement, violets as butonnieres began to be seen everywhere speaking softly of the still-flaming dedication felt towards the banned faction. However, there surfaced one unprognosticated product of this affirmation, for in Marseille where the republic is missed, the flower-mongers noticed that their sales of violets were lagging, due to the widespread suspicion of this once beloved and harmless blossom. It is well-nigh unthinkable that the third largest municipality in France should have thus confronted one of Nature's most redolent bequests. Nonetheless , if the innocuous Violet is to suffer the same fate bestowed upon Sedan, then when Bourbonism raises up its humiliated visage, will the Lily be blackballed in the Lyons marketplace in the same manner as the Violet is cynically distrusted in Marseilles? And if the revolutionaries opt the red poppy for their emblem, would it reciprocally be rejected by liliphiles? If so, then with there being in France a surfeit of political parties, both old and new, which flower may a Frenchman don, nay grow, and be safe from a mob of this or that partisan, which chooses some other posy for their badge.

= = = = =

Multitudes of folk who have spent their summer in the rural areas, and have become used to taking lengthy drives, will attest to observing one prodigious deficiency in the outlying thoroughfares. That is the dearth of guide-posts. There is no more effective device for extending to a tourist a striking vision of the paucity of population in the country areas than to allow him to get lost. Localities which he might have supposed to be heavily populated will seem oddly barren of human habitation. In the cities, where one can find a hundred citizens living on any two streets and ready and willing to give directions, nevertheless the local government sees fit to meticulously plant signs at every intersection; but in the hinterlands, where one might go a mile before seeing man or residence, you are hard pressed to find a guide-board at every fifth junction.

This deficiency may be more severe in metropolitan suburbs than elsewhere, due to the fact that in lesser peopled areas, the main thoroughfare at the least is typically easy to maintain. Sometimes, though, the guidepost is a joke, its painted-on letters having so faded as to be ilegible, or having lost its board to a strong gust of wind, or reversed by some prankster, who counts on the local gendarmes to ignore his tomfoolery. So much time and temperment would be redeemed for travellers if road signs were increased by a factor of four all over the country.

= = = = =
