"Okay," came the reply. "I welcome it," said Heureaux, "because I'm about to shoot it. Take a cigarette," he said kindly, "will be the last." And were followed for execution. On another occasion, the legend after he had become president, a prominent general was his guest and after dinner took a walk. Come to a place in the suburbs, where workers were digging a trench in particular, the general asked: "What are you dig here?" "You dig your grave," said Heureaux and before generally could recover from the shock a platoon of soldiers showed up. He was shot and buried there. Governor in Macoris and minister of war were powerful men, whose influence was feared by Heureaux. Therefore, had until this skilfully wrought against the first so much that one morning the minister suddenly appeared in Macoris and the governor was shot. The protest was made by friends Governor and Heureaux affecting indignation at the measure and was minister of war executed. Many of her mysteriously disappeared prisoners, and points to a popular rumor of the lower platforms of the fort "La fuerza", where an avocado tree that grew before, as the place where prisoners were shot at night because your body subjected to sharks at the cliff base. Some of the suspects of the dictator was killed on the street. Even exiles were not sure of their anger, and when a writer Dominican named Eugenio Deschamps, who had been publishing articles against him in Puerto Rico, was seriously wounded in the streets of Ponce at the ball of a murderer.

Capacity and lack of scruples, courage and cruelty, cunning solution and mixed in nature Heureaux. Across the country the powers of an absolute monarch. He was the fountainhead of all public sector and the real head of each department. Public accounts and private accounts were treated by him as one and the same thing. His ambition to stay in power need to be spending large sums of money obtained through improvident foreign loans and usurious contracts with local dealers. Those who favored rich; their destroyed enemies. In other respects also its moral deviated from the straight and narrow path, and a gala isolated village in the honor of being the only place in the republic where the president had an affair. He has even stated that he had no concerns about what history will say about him because he would not be there to read it.

During the latter part of the administration of Heureaux opposition leaders were identified as Juan Isidro Jiménez and Horacio Vásquez, Vasquez was the leader of a large land holding family Cibao. Jimenez had been a prominent merchant, while the performance of the company houses in Monte Cristi, New York, Paris and Hamburg, and his family had been prominent in Dominican affairs when his father was president in 1848, his grandfather and one of the first protagonists revolution by the Haitian yoke was thrown out.
