"Very well,"
was the answer. "I am glad of that," said Heureaux, "for I am about to have you shot. Take
a cigar," he added pleasantly, "it will be your last." And it was, for the execution followed
at once. On another occasion, so the story goes, after he had become president, a prominent
general was his guest and after dinner they took a stroll. Coming to a place in the suburbs
where workmen were digging a peculiar trench, the general inquired, "What are they digging
here?" "They are digging your grave," answered Heureaux, and before the general could recover
from his consternation a squad of soldiers appeared. He was shot and buried then and there.
The governor of Macoris and the minister of war were both powerful men whose influence was
feared by Heureaux. He therefore cunningly wrought up the latter against the former to such
an extent that one fine morning the minister suddenly appeared in Macoris and had the governor
summarily shot. An outcry was made by the governor's friends, and Heureaux, affecting indignation
at the act, had the minister of war executed. Many of his prisoners mysteriously disappeared,
and popular rumor points out one of the lower platforms of the fort "La Fuerza," where an aguacate
tree formerly grew, as the place where prisoners were shot at night, their bodies being thrown
to the sharks at the base of the cliff. Some of the dictator's suspects were assassinated in
the public streets. Even exiles were not secure from his wrath and in one instance a Dominican
writer named Eugenio Deschamps, who had been publishing articles against him in Porto Rico,
was seriously wounded in the streets of Ponce by an assassin's bullet.

Ability and unscrupulousness, courage and cruelty, resolution and cunning were mingled in the
character of Heureaux. Over the country he exercised the powers of an absolute monarch. He
was the fountain head of all government and the real chief of every department. The accounts
of the government and his private accounts were treated by him as one and the same thing. His
ambition to remain in power necessitated the expenditure of large sums which he obtained through
improvident foreign loans and usurious contracts with local merchants. Those whom he favored
grew rich; his enemies he ruined. In other ways also his morals swerved from the straight and
narrow path, and an isolated town gloried in the distinction of being the only place in the
Republic where the president did not have a mistress. He himself stated that he had no concern
as to what history would say of him, since he would not be there to read it.

During the latter part of Heureaux's administration the leaders of the opposition were recognized
as Juan Isidro Jimenez and Horacio Vasquez, Vasquez was the chief of a large landholding family
of the Cibao. Jimenez had been a prominent merchant, at one time carrying on mercantile houses
in Monte Cristi, New York, Paris and Hamburg; his family had formerly been prominent in Dominican
affairs, his father having been president of the Republic in 1848 and his grandfather one of
the leading spirits of the revolution by which the Haitian yoke was thrown off.
