"Fair enough", the answer came. "I'm fine with that," responded Heureaux, "because, Old Chap, I am going to pass you to the firing squad. Have a cigarillo," he chirped affably, "I hear you'll be quitting soon." And I was, of course, because they didn't waste any time hauling me to the nearest wall. Another time, I hear told, after he was elected president, a celebrated general came to dinner and post-repast, the two of them took a little hike. When they had reached a spot on the outskirts of town where laborers were excavating for what appeared to be a smallish trench, the officer queried, "What are these men spading up for in this venue?" "They are preparing your eternal resting place," replied Heureaux, and while the general was recovering from the shock, a troop of hessians marched in seemingly from nowhere. They proceeded to discharge projectiles into the man, and then, to ensepulcher same in the prepared grave. The governor of Macoris and the War Minister both carried a lot of weight politically, and their leverage put the butterflies into Heureaux's gullet. So the creep pitted the latter against the former in a trumped up kerfuffle with such success that early one morning, the minister unexpectedly turned up in Macoris and made brisk arrangements to have the governor pierced forthwith by lead in a manner not beneficial to his health. The governor's pals raised the alarm, while Heureaux made a sham of being incensed by the happenstance, gave the minister a bit of his own medicine, fatally so. Various and sundry of the detainees in his charge vanished cryptically, and the gossip going round was that one of the lower levels of the fort "La Fuerza," where an aguacate tree had previously sent down roots, was the secret spot on which the blood of prisoners was violently spilt for their expiration in the velvety lightlessness of the later hours, after which their husks were delivered as a midnight snack to the sharks hanging out at the foot of the escarpment. Others of those who had fallen under the suspicion of the despot were bumped off where they stood on public infrastructure. Even those who suffered banishment could not be sure that the Thug Prince's guns were too far to reach their corpi. Take for instance the case of the Dominican author, Eugenio Deschamps, who had been publishing tracts of a not so supportive nature re:Heurveaux in Porto Rico (as opposed to say, Puerto Rico), was grieviously damaged bodily on the avenues of Ponce by a hit man's rounds.

Resourcefulness and malfeasance, guts and sadistic proclivity, doggedness and sneakiness were blended into the personality of Heureaux. He ruled his nation like a king, with absolute authority. He was the seed from which all government sprung, and the secret head of every governmental office. The ledgers of the government and his personal accounts were handled by him as synonymous. His determination to retain power was such that he had to spend buckets of money which he got by arranging for imprudent loans from sources outside the country, and through penurious obligations with local businesspeople. Those whom Heureaux was pals with would end up rolling in dough; however, if you got on his wrong side, he would make sure you ended up very poor. Furthermore, he could find other ways to be morally questionable, and a lonely village celebrated the nicety of being the only municipality in the Republic to not play host to one of the president's kept women. Heureaux admitted that he could care less what the history books would say of him, since he didn't plan to stick around to read them.

Towards the end of the man's regime, several opposition leaders emerged: Juan Isidro Jimenez and Horacio Vasquez. The latter was the head of a sizable, propertied family of the Cibao. Jiminez formerly had been a distinguished retailing honcho, having at one time maintained mercantile firms in Monte Cristi, New York, Paris, and Hamburg. His family had used to be influential in Dominican office functions, his father even had served as president of the Republic in 1848, and his grandfather had been one of the motivating  
spirits of the uprising that overturned Haitian bondage.
