The Colosseum. 

The Colosseum is an extraordinary and a giant sized round building.  It has been built in the Regent’s Park in London. This was actually located on the walls.  It was highly enriched and represented London with costly and eye catching painting works.  All such eye catching paintings were based on views of entire in and around   natural sceneries of London especially as they were seen from the cross on the top of St. Paul's Cathedral.   The entire scenes on such valuable paintings are even now matchless in all aspects and they are one of the most extraordinary in quality and elegance.  They are highly   considered as most important world affordable performance and they are in fact combined with the advantages of the circular view of the panorama. They are magnificent and wonderful in size and distance of the great diorama.  Every minute art work in such paintings is clearly understandable and every one of them is very sincere in its nature. Every one can easily examine their distant objects by a telescope or opera glass comfortably. 

By reading the above paragraph, you can clearly understand about the Colosseum and its real purpose, structure of natural paintings, its momentary status of objects in motion, it’s truly drawn clear pictures with high clarity etc.  They are in fact truly colored.  They are very perfect in its work and they are completely away from any kinds of discrepancies. They are away from convergence of visual axes.  If you try to eye its one of the smallest images through a telescope or opera glass, it will certainly highlight your retina in a great sense and also it will admire you highly by its realities. But as a matter of fact the desideratum is still remaining in paint motion.  Now this has been again talented recently with some decorations and in so many cases with singular facility. As decoration, in order to make the picture so transparent and see through, some throwing lights and shadow have been arranged from it’s behind area. Especially they have proved truthfully their amazing elegance in the exhibitions of the diorama and cosmorama.  They are actually resembling as  the sun beams occasionally interrupted by passing clouds and d occasionally darting through the windows of a cathedral and as illumination of the objects in its venerable interior – especially as the rising and disappearing of mist over a beautiful landscape, running water.  Also it resembles as the cascades sublime precipices of Mount Saint. Gothard  in Switzerland.   Moreover, apart from all above surprise, in the cosmorama  of regent-street, the great fire of Edinburgh was also astonishingly painted as a natural and real fire or conflagration. If you want to clearly imagine about this fire scene, first the painting expresses the city which was seen sleeping in darkness.  Then the fire was slowly started to flame. Now the fire is enhancing in its appearance and it is trying to catch every thing and lighting up the sky.  Then soon at short intervals, when the wind vigorously increased, the roofs started to fell down.    Then there are bursts of flames surpassing to heaven.  There are clear reflections appearing from every wall and spire. Now you can see the clouds of smoke are starting to rise in rapid manner and they are also sailing north direction due to vigorous wind.  They are all they disappearing in the womb of distant darkness. 
This is very sure and there is no doubt that there is no chance to have any kind misunderstanding with such valuable paintings and its great amazing performance.  There is no chance to be with any kind of negative impression related its stuff. If any one sees this painting with real knowledge of original city and its august appearance will accept grandly its reality.  Even though the mechanism for creating such results is very simple, the viewers will hopefully and fully enjoy this marvelous performance without any kind of own cross examination.

At present in the present situation, without doubt, we every one can enjoy its delightful appearance. We cannot omit that at any reason.  We can understand well about its present several good-humored works.  We can gratefully and grandly enjoy its sparkling animated images.  Dr. Arnotte through his amazing work with pencil of artist and with the pen of the philosophers is overwhelming in real heartedness.  Also it has produced so many amazing ketches of extreme charming pictures with great elegance. 

* * * * * 

THE GATHERER 

A snapper up of unconsidered trifles - SHAKSPEARE.
