Matah talked to him. 

'Hum! Yes,  yes. Hot fomentations to the place affect, poultices , a cooling draught. There's a stoppage of fluid at the knee-joing which must be dispersed.'

I had thought Bootha should be calle din the conversation. 

A girl I had living with me had suddenly became unaccountably ill. She was able to get out of her room into another, where she lied back on the cushions of the sofas dreadfully limp and utterly ill. Hearing of her illness Bootha came up. I thought it might amuse Adelaide to see an old witch; she aggreed, so I brought her in. 

Bootha walked up to the sick girl, edxpressed a few sympathetic sentences, then she said she would ask the spirits what he made Adelaide ill and what would cure her. 

She moved my furniture until the center of the room was clear, she then squatted down hanging her head and begain chainting and muttering an unintelligible dialect. Presently her voice ceased and we heard from beside her a most peculiar whistling sort of voice, to which she responded, evidently interrogating. Again the whistleing voice from further in the distance. Bootha then told me she had asked the dead black feelo, Big Joe, to tell her what she wanted to knowl but he could not, so now she was going to ask her dead granddaughter. Again she began to whispher and after awaile a whistling voice replayed--this time from another direction, not quite as loud. The same sort of thing had the same result. 

THen Bootha said she would ask Guadgee who was a black girl who had been one of my first favorites person in the camp. She had died a few years previously. 

The whistling voice then came from a third direction. This time Bootha's lips began moving as he was having a conversation with Guadgee. 

Guadgee answered all she was asked. She said tha tAdelaide was ill because she had offended many of the spirits by bathing in the creak under the sade of a Minggah, or spirit tree, a place that tabbooed all but wirreeenund and was not respected. This place was a place they held communion with the spirits. 

Of course, according to the blacks, this disturb a shadow is to hurt the original. 

In this Minggah, Guadgee said, were swarms of bees invisble to all but wirreenuns, and they were ready always to resunt any insult that was taking to Mingguh or its shadow. These spirits-bees had entered Adelaide and secreted some wax on her liver; their bites; Guadgee said, were on her back. 

Well, that can not be. I said, I never did bathe in the shade of Minggah; for going as you always do with the house=girls, you are bound to be kept from such sacriledge; they would never dare such desecration.'

'Which is their Minggah? Is it a big Coolabah between the Bend and the garden?'

'Yes.'

'Then  I did bathere there the last time I went there. I was up too late to go with the Black-but-Comelys, and as the sun was shinning I went further into a round poing and bathed in the shade. And the bee bites must be those horribly irritating pimples i have across my back.'

The cause of illness settled to her satisfaction, Bootha asked how to cure it. The patient was drinking nothing hot nor heating but as much as cold water she liked, especially a long drink before going to bed.
