Still, all this being so, the fact emerges that the important factor
in the problem of the moment is not the real parent but the traditional parent, and the false
image of the traditional parent has been created in the schoolmaster's mind by that fussy and
ill-informed individual who is always "writing to complain."  Now, he who pays the piper does
not necessarily call the tune.  That would be too absurd.  But he has a veto on any tune he
too positively dislikes, and it is well known that the unmusical generally dislike a new tune.

The opposition to political education developed along two lines.  One of them makes this story
a microcosm of the world history of the years 1917-1918.  The other is something peculiar to
the English public schools, and might have befallen at any period since Dr. Arnold inaugurated
their modern history.

When we began our experiments the "party truce," in the moral as distinct from the formal sense,
still held good.  Outside the circles of strict pacifism--and with pacifism in any but a merely
abusive sense we never had any concern--English people were agreed upon the great questions
of the war.  Such differences of opinion as there were concerned only questions of method and
expediency, not questions of principle.  The "gospel" of August, 1914, had not yet become a
battle-ground disputed by fiercely earnest rival sects.  We were Liberals in a general sense,
but we differed on a great many topics, and we were genuinely anxious, in the words of one
of our pupils in the school magazine, "not so much to advocate any one particular remedy of
any given problem as to lay before the class the problems themselves and the principal reforms
which have been or are being suggested, so that thought and criticism may have full scope for
exercise."  It would be unfair to ourselves to admit that we abandoned that ideal, but the
events of 1917 brought a new spirit into the world.  On the one hand, the early days of the
Russian Revolution and the demand for a peace "without annexations or indemnities," coupled
with the entry of America and the war speeches of President Wilson, seemed to revive the flagging
idealism of the Allies and lift it to a more universal and exalted level than ever before.
On the other hand, the publication of the Secret Treaties and the many incomplete revelations
that followed thereon, laid bare the fact that quite another act of motives were also at work
among our leaders; that territorial greed and diplomatic hypocrisy were enemies to be fought
in our own midst as well as on the battlefield.  The issues of the war assumed a grander and
a more terrible aspect.  More than ever before perhaps in the history of the world--and we
do not overlook the period of the so-called religious wars--religion and politics fused.  To
us, at any rate, the calm aloofness suggested by the quotation above became impossible.  A
cry seemed to have gone forth, "Who is on the Lord's side?  Who?"  A great gulf opened up between
those who only a year before had believed themselves to be for the time at any rate in one
political camp.  On one side of that gulf we found ourselves, and on the other most of our
colleagues.
