The fact is that the important matter of the problem at the moment is no the real parent but the traditional parent. The false image of the traditional parent has been born in the schoolmaster's mind by the ill-informed person who is always writing to complain. He now who pays the piper doesn't necessarily call the tune. That would be absurd. He has a veto on any tune he dislikes. 

The opponents to political education came along two lines. One of them makes this story a microcosm of the world history of the years 1917-1918. The other is something similar to the English public schools, and might have befallen at any period since Dr. Arnold inaugurated their modern history.

When we began our experiments the party truce, in the moral as distinct from the formal sense, still held good. Outside the circles of strict pacifism--and with pacifism in any but a merely abusive sense we never had any concern--English people were agreed upon the great questions of the war. Differences of opinion as there were concerned only questions of method and expediency, not questions of principle. The gospel of August, 1914, had not yet become a battle-ground disputed by fiercely earnest rival sects. We were Liberals in a sense, but we differed on many topics, and we were genuinely anxious, in the words of one of our pupils in the school magazine, "not so much to advocate any one particular remedy of any given problem as to lay before the class the problems themselves and the principal reforms which have been or are being suggested, so that thought and criticism may have full scope for exercise." It would be unfair to ourselves to admit that we abandoned that idea, but the events of 1917 brought a new spirit into the world. On the one side, the early days of the Russian Revolution and the demand for a peace "without annexations or indemnities," together with the entry of America and the war speeches of President Wilson, seemed to revive the flagging idealism of the Allies and take it to a more universal level than ever before. On the other side, the publication of the Secret Treaties and the many incomplete revelations that followed thereon, laid bare the fact that quite another act of motives were also at work among our leaders; that territorial greed and diplomatic hypocrisy were enemies to be fought in our own midst as well as on the battlefield. The issues of the war assumed a bigger and a more terrible aspect. More than ever before in the history of the world-and we do not overlook the period of the "so-called" religious wars--religion and politics fused. To us, at any rate, the calm aloofness suggested by the quotation above became impossible. A cry seemed to have gone forth, "Who is on the Lord's side? Who?" A great gulf opened up between those who only a year before had believed themselves to be for the time at any rate in one political camp. On one side of that gulf we found ourselves, and on the other most of our colleagues.
