Regardless, with all of this being true, the truth is that the vital factor in the current problem isn't the real parent but the traditional parent, and the false illusion of the traditional parent has been formed in the mind of the schoolmaster by that cranky and mistaken person who always "writes to gripe." Now, he who pays the price does not call the music. That wouldn't make any sense. But he does have a veto on any tune that he does not like and it is known all too well that the unmusical ordinarily detest a new tune.

The stance against political education formed along two lines. One line makes this story a small part of the history of the years 1917-1918. The other is rather unique to the public schools in England and may have happened anytime since Dr Arnold introduced their modern history.

When we started our experimentts, the "party truce," in the moral as clear from the formal way, still held up well. Outside of strict pacifism--and along with pacifism in any but an abusive sense we never had a worry--the English agreed upon the inquires of the war. Differences in ideas and beliefs only concerned the method and purpose, not principle. The "gospel" of August 1914 wasn't yet a battle ground argued by extremely zealous rival divisions. We were generally liberals, but we had differences on many issues, and we were eager, as one of the school magazine pupils put it, "not so much to suport one certain solution of any issue as to set the problems themselves before the class and the principal reforms which has been or are being thought about, so the thought and criticism have full room for exercise." It wouldn't be fair to us to admit the abandoment of our ideal, but 1917's events gave the world a new spirit. On one hand, the early days of the Russian Revolution and the demand for peace "without annexations or indemnities" combined with America's entrance and the war speeches of President Wilson, seemed to bring back to life the flagginf idealism of the Allies and pick it up to a more universal and cherished level than before. On the other hand, the publication of the Secret Treaties and the great number of revelations that were incomplete that followed, made clear the fact that another act of motives were at work with the leaders; the territorial greed and diplomatic phoniness were adversaries to be opposed among us as well as in the field of battle. The problem of war took on a greater and more horrible aspect. More so than before in the history of the world--and we don't ignore the period of the wars of religion as they are called which were caused by the fusion of religion and politics. To us, still, the cool aloofness suggested by the statement quoted above proved to be impossible. A yell out seemed to have emerged. "Who sides with the Lord?" The gulf opened up between those who believed themselves to be part of one political side just a year ago. We found ourselves on one side of our gulf, and our colleagues on the other side.
