This Fiddle's form is more advanced than that of the one supplied in the St. Blasius manuscript. There are four strings in this form, for example, but there is not bridge indicated. Had there been a bridge, there would not have been evidence of a Saxon knowledge of tuning the strings to given intervals, allowing the user to play upon each string. It is doubtful, in the face of what little knowledge exists about the condition of instrumental music at the time, whether any bowed instrument was used, other than for the purpose of rendering a rude extemporaneous accompaniment to the voice or the dance.

There is agreement among the chief authorities of ancient minstrelsy that the Saxon's love of music was cultivated for centuries with ardor by his Saxon ancestors. Therefore, it is reasonable to believe that a Saxon's knowledge of rude Fiddles was derived from his homeland and not from any instrument he may have discovered in Britain. [15] The similarity of the instrument in the St. Blasius manuscript and the instrument in the hands of the Saxon Gleeman in the Cottonian manuscript is evidence of its Teutonic origin. This conclusion is strengthened by the fact that the Anglo-Saxons (the name used by the whole of the Teutonic race) used the word "Fithele" for nearly two centuries after the Norman Conquest. In Germany, the word "Fithele" was used as late as the 12th century, however around this time, the word "Geige" was used more often to designate an instrument--usually an "improved Rebec" strung with three strings--as a fiddle. [17] The use of the word "Geige" instead of "Fithele" in Germany during the 12th century is noteworthy for bearing upon the Teutonic origin. The earliest use of the word "Geige" in France is in connection with the Jongleurs. It was popular until the 15th century to describe a fiddle using the word "Geige" until eventually, the word became watered down to mean "a joyous dance, which for a considerable period was enlivened by the sound of a fiddle." 

M. Lacroix believed that "Germany created the Geige" while other authorities on the subject believe that the people of Provence brought the Geige into the world. However, Lacroix's view is the one which is supported by the strongest evidence. One group of inquirers state that the word derives from the French and Italian words for "leg of mutton" [18], although Wigland has argued that "Geige" is derived from the old northern word "Geiga," which means "trembling" or perhaps from "Gigel," which means "to quiver." Considering the nature and character of the fiddle, Wigland's derivations seems both ingenious and more correct. 
Roger North shrewdly conjectured that the "rude and gross" Gothic Fiddle was "used to stir up the vulgar [commonpeople] to dancing, or perhaps to solemnise their idolatrous sacrifices." (In the Dark Ages, dancing may have been performed as little more than trembling while standing on two legs.) In the early ages of mankind, dancing or quivering must have been done to the sound of the voice, next to that of the pipe. When the bow was discovered, the quivering was performed on a stringed instrument--the "Geige"--so named because of its primary association with dancing.
