The form of this Fiddle is in advance of that supplied in the St. Blasius manuscript,
there being four strings, but there is no bridge indicated, and, had there been, it would not
have evidenced a Saxon knowledge of tuning the strings to given intervals, and playing upon
each string. The little light which has been thrown on the condition of instrumental music
at the time renders it doubtful whether any bowed instrument was used, other than for the purpose
of rendering a rude extemporaneous accompaniment to the voice or the dance.

The chief authorities upon ancient minstrelsy agree that the Saxon's love of music was cultivated
for centuries with ardour by his Saxon ancestors; it would therefore be reasonable to believe
that his knowledge of rude Fiddles was derived from the land of his forefathers, and not from
any instrument he discovered in Britain.[15] The similarity of the instrument of the St. Blasius
manuscript and of that in the hands of the Saxon Gleeman in the Cottonian manuscript is evidence
of Teutonic origin. It is, moreover, strengthened by the fact of the use of the word Fithele
by the Anglo-Saxons for nearly two centuries after the Norman Conquest, which name was adopted
with but little variation by the whole of the Teutonic race.[16] In Germany the word was used
as late as the twelfth century. About this period the word Geige appears to have been applied
in Germany to designate a Fiddle. It is described as an improved Rebec, and strung with three
strings.[17] The use of the word Geige in Germany instead of Fithele in the twelfth century,
is worthy of attention as bearing upon Teutonic origin. The earliest information we have of
the use of the Geige in France is in connection with the Jongleurs. The Geige was popular in
France until the fifteenth century, when, as M. Lacroix says, it disappeared, leaving its name
"as the designation of a joyous dance, which for a considerable period was enlivened by the
sound of the instrument." The word Geige, I am inclined to think, is important as furnishing
evidence of historical value in relation to the ancestry of the Violin. Lacroix believes that
Germany created the Geige; other authorities are of opinion that it originated among the people
of Provence. The former view is supported by the strongest evidence. Some inquirers derive
the word Geige from the French and Italian words for leg of mutton.[18] Wigand, however, supposes
it to be derived from the old northern word Geiga, meaning trembling, or from Gigel, to quiver.
If we consider the nature and character of the instrument, this view of the derivation of the
word appears both ingenious and correct. Roger North shrewdly conjectured that the "rude and
gross" Gothic Fiddle "used to stir up the vulgar to dancing, or perhaps to solemnise their
idolatrous sacrifices." In the Dark Ages dancing may have been regarded as bi-pedal trembling.
I have remarked in another place,[19] "In the early ages of mankind dancing or jigging must
have been done to the sound of the voice, next to that of the pipe, and, when the bow was discovered,
to that of a stringed instrument which was named the Geige from its primary association with
dancing."
