It would be doing Masaniello injustice, however, if we did not add, that having no distinct
prospect of rendering essential service to his country, he was at the same time totally free
from any sinister views of personal aggrandizement. He appears to have been sincere in his
wishes, that when he had set Naples free,--by which he understood the abolition of imposts,--the
government of it should be committed to a popular management. The Memoirs of 1828 record a
singular circumstance with regard to this point, on the authority of De Santis. While, on Friday,
July 12th, the sixth day of the insurrection, he was sitting in his judgment-seat, a female
masked, or man in woman's habit, approached and whispered, 'Masaniello, we have reached the
goal, a crown is prepared, and it is for thy brows.'--'For mine?' he replied, 'I desire none
but the green wreath with which we honour Our Lady's festival in September. When I have delivered
my country I shall resume my nets.'--'You find them no more. Rebellion should not be undertaken,
or it should be carried on to the end.'--'I will resume my nets,' said Masaniello steadily.
'You will not find them,' said the intrusive monitor. 'What, then, shall I find?'--'Death!'
answered the masked figure, and withdrew into the crowd. An evidence of the purity of his intentions,
though combined with gross ignorance, was afforded by the rigour with which he insisted on
the destruction of the treasure and rich movables found in the houses which were destroyed
during the first days of the tumult. Latterly, indeed, he yielded to the suggestions of Genuino
and d'Arpaya, that these things should be preserved for the good of the state, and for the
purpose of presenting them as a donative to Philip IV. in place of the abolished gabelles.
But whatever was the case with regard to less scrupulous insurgents, he participated in no
plunder, until vanity produced madness, or madness vanity. On the whole we may conclude, that
he was a man whose principal characteristic was the boldness with which he pursued an object
ardently desired, but who was alike incapable, from want of knowledge and talents, to avail
himself of the success which so wonderfully crowned his enterprise. How far his cruelty was
the effect of natural disposition, or a consequence of his malady, is a question that must
be left to HIM to whom alone it can be known."

       *       *       *       *       *

LONDON.

Literally translated from a Chinese Poem, by a Chinese who visited England in 1813.

  The towering edifices rise story above story,
  In all the stateliness of splendid mansions:
  Railings of iron thickly stud the sides of every entrance;
  And streams from the river circulate through the walls;
  The sides of each apartment are variegated with devices;
  Through the windows of glass appear the scarlet hangings.
  And in the street itself is presented a beautiful scene;
  The congregated buildings have all the aspect of a picture.

  In London, about the period of the ninth moon,
  The inhabitants delight in travelling to a distance;
  They change their abodes and betake themselves to the country,
  Visiting their friends in their rural retreats.
