"You were rescued by him, most definitely. Without his intervention, you would be dead. Yet you appear completely ungrateful," said Senator Pennypacker, displaying no compassion.

"That may well be, Mister Senator," the tramp admitted deferentially. "I won't argue with you about that. I suppose I should be nice to the man. We're comrades in arms, really. We're of the same caste, you might say. He's wearing a token I recognize and respect. It's that square charm hanging from his watch, painted with the design of the sun rising, and showing "I.O.U." in the colors of the flag. He's a good enough guy. I've joined a lot of clubs built on brotherly friendships, such as the 'Hoot Mon' group connected to the Caledonians. I can only repay you with my thanks today, but one day I'll offer you something better as a reward." The brakeman hooted. Everyone was feeling jovial now. Senator Bull and Mr. Ridley both dove into their pants pockets in a moment of generosity.

But Colonel Manysnifters called out, "Hold up good sirs." To the hobo he said, "We've been spinning yarns this evening to varying degrees of success. Now I'd like to hear you give us a good story. If you don't entertain us, we'll toss you off at the next stop and call the police to come arrest you." He called to the conductor and to President Madison to take the tramp into the next train car, to give him a meal, followed by as good a bath as possible, and then to bring him back to give his performance.

"I am grateful, sir," the hobo said proudly. "I think you are an honorable man and I appreciate your thoughtfulness. I haven't eaten in so long my stomach is sagging and deflated like an empty balloon. Now I shall leave you and endeavor to fix the situation." The conductor led him away. The hobo, a dark man, followed smiling, but his eyes were downcast toward the heels of the man who preceded him.

"The bravado of these bums always amazes me," said Colonel Manysnifters. He paced back and forth, smoking in an attempt to add a more pleasant fragrance to the air than that supplied by the tramp. "I tell you, that man probably had just as fine a family life as we did, but he's ruined himself through excess drink, or wanton females, or gambling - probably all three. His eyes are horrible! - like charred holes in a piece of cloth."

"On the other hand he is so polite, and conducts himself well as if he has taken some schooling," said Van Rensselaer. "He has delicate hands and his profile is refined. Once he's cleaned up, given a shave, had his nails scrubbed, and a decent suit of clothes put on him, I don't think you'll be able to tell he's not one of us - at least not just by looking."

"He might be of respectable birth," the Colonel commented, "but his fate seems to have led him away from his beginnings. He may have gone to university, but what difference does it make? A friend of mine spent a fortune on his son's education, but the boy wasted his time there. After three years all he knew how to do was to go around with his pants hanging down to the ground, waving a walking stick, and hollering college cheers at the drop of a hat. You know the sort - they speed down the road in a powerful car, with a driver who is just as big an idiot as his master. And the only thing the young ladies of today want to learn is how to write persuasive letters to the boys they are in love with!"
