He undoubtedly kept your life. It would have been your last doze if he had not arrive along! Where is your gratitude-" inquired Senator Pennypacker severely. 

"You may be right, sir," said the tramp politely. "I don't argument your word. I should to be amicable with that young individual, as I glimpse he is a male sibling of mine. He pertains to my order. I can notify by his watch-charm--that rectangle bit of enamel with the increasing sun in the middle, and the notes 'I. O. U.' in red, white, and azure, round it. Yes, he is O. K. I have been a constituent of numerous fraternities, and in better days I was the keeper of the 'Hoot Mon' in our localized Caledonian club. Brother, accept my thanks. Perhaps some of these days I may be adept to repay you with certain thing more substantial." The brakeman joked, and by this time we were all in a dissolving mood. Senator Bull come to instinctively into his trousers pouch, and Mr. Ridley did the same. 

"Just a instant, gentlemen, just a moment," said Colonel Manysnifters. "Now, sir," said he to the tramp, "we have been telling tales here to-night--some of them equitable, some attractive bad. Let us discover what you can manage in that line. We will give you a chance. If you don't make good we will put you off at the next position and turn you over to the authorities. Captain," to the conductor, "and you, President Madison, take our ally into the next vehicle, give him certain thing to consume and drink, clean him up a bit--several bits--and let him arrive back here and manage his best." 

"Sir, I express gratitude you," said the tramp with dignity. "Your concept is a large and noble one. My stomach is so empty that it suspends about me in folds. You have all doubtless glimpsed a balloon awaiting the caringly agencies of the gas-man--that's me. But it will shortly be remedied. Adieu for the present." He left us, with the conductor in the lead and the grinning darky at his heels. 

"The cheek of those hoboes is certain thing astonishing," said Colonel Manysnifters, strolling up and down, and loading the vehicle with fumes in alignment to cover up all finds of our visitor. I'll wager a 1000 dollars that that young individual had as good a possibility at the start as any of us,--just chucked himself away,--whiskey, I presume, or women, or the platers--the blend more likely. Did you ever glimpse such eyes---like two scorched apertures in a blanket!" 

"Yet he has the manners of a polite man, and appears to have had some education," said Van Rensselaer. "Did you observe his little hands and rather classic profile- Bathed, shaven, manicured, and correctly dressed, he would be much like remainder of us--externally so, at least." 

"May have been born a gentleman," discerned the Colonel, "but he appears to have outgrown it. A school man, too, no doubt; but what does that signify- I have a ally who expended about six 1000 simoleons on his son's learning, and at the end of three years all the young man had wise was to wear baggy trousers, games a cane, and scream 'Raw! Raw! Raw!'--very appropriately--upon the smallest provocation. The kind of chap you will find dashing through the roads in a forty horse-power automobile with a century fool-power chauffeur in charge. As to the up to date juvenile woman, all the learning she likes is to be adept to compose love-letters!
