"No doubt, it was he who saved your life and if he had not come along, it would have been your last sleep.  You are ever obliged to him for this. But, where is your gratitude?" asked Senator Pennypacker severely.

On hearing this, the tramp politely said in apological terms accepting Senator's words, that "I ought to be friendly with that fellow whom I see as my brother.  He belongs to my order and I can tell by his watch-charm that square bit of enamel with the rising sun in the middle, and the letters 'I O U' in red, white and blue around it.  Yes, he is O. K. I have been a member of many fraternities, and in better days I was the keeper of the 'Hoot Mon' in our local Caledonian club. Brother, accept my thanks. Perhaps some of these days I may be able to repay you with something more substantial." The brakeman laughed when we were all in a melting mood. Senator Bull and Mr. Ridley reached instinctively into their  trousers pocket.
 

Colonel Manysnifters came saying (to the tramp) "Just a moment, gentlemen, just a moment.  We have been telling stories here to-night--some of them fair or some pretty bad. Let us hear what you can do in that line for which we will give you a chance. If you don't make good, we will put you off at the next station and turn you over to the authorities. Captain". Said again to the conductor; "and you, President Madison, take our friend into the next car, give him something to eat and drink, wash him up a bit--several bits--and let him come back here and do his best." 

Tramp said with dignity that "Sir, thank you for your idea that is a great and noble one. My stomach is so empty that it hangs about me in folds. No doubt, you all have seen a balloon awaiting the kindly offices of the gas-man--that's me. But it will soon be remedied. Adieu for the present." He left us. The conduct still remained there at his heels.

Walking up and down and filling the car with smoke in order to cover up all traces of our visitor, Colonel Manysnifters said "The nerve of those hoboes is something astonishing.  I'll bet a thousand dollars that that fellow had as good a chance at the start as any of us,--just threw himself away,--whiskey, I suppose, or women, or the platers--the combination more likely. Did you ever see such eyes which appear just like two burnt holes in a blanket!" 

Van Rensselaer said "Yet he has the manners of a gentleman, and seems to have had some education. Did you notice his small hands and rather classic profile? Bathed, shaven, manicured, and properly clothed, he would be much like the rest of us--externally so, at least." 

The colonel observed that "May have been born a gentleman. but he seems to have outgrown it. No doubt, he is a college man, but what does that signify? I have a friend who spent about six thousand simoleons on his son's education, and at the end of three years all the boy had learned was to wear baggy pants, sport a cane, and yell 'Raw! Raw! Raw!'--very appropriately--upon the slightest provocation. The kind of chap you will find dashing through the streets in a forty horse-power automobile with a hundred fool-power chauffeur in charge. According to the Colonel, what a modern woman wants for education is to make her able to write love letters!!!!!!!
