He undoubtedly saved your
life. It would have been your last sleep if he had not come along! Where is your gratitude?"
asked Senator Pennypacker severely.

"You may be right, sir," said the tramp politely. "I don't dispute your word. I ought to be
friendly with that fellow, as I see he is a brother of mine. He belongs to my order. I can
tell by his watch-charm--that square bit of enamel with the rising sun in the middle, and the
letters 'I. O. U.' in red, white, and blue, around it. Yes, he is O. K. I have been a member
of many fraternities, and in better days I was the keeper of the 'Hoot Mon' in our local Caledonian
club. Brother, accept my thanks. Perhaps some of these days I may be able to repay you with
something more substantial." The brakeman laughed, and by this time we were all in a melting
mood. Senator Bull reached instinctively into his trousers pocket, and Mr. Ridley did the same.

"Just a moment, gentlemen, just a moment," said Colonel Manysnifters. "Now, sir," said he to
the tramp, "we have been telling stories here to-night--some of them fair, some pretty bad.
Let us hear what you can do in that line. We will give you a chance. If you don't make good
we will put you off at the next station and turn you over to the authorities. Captain," to
the conductor, "and you, President Madison, take our friend into the next car, give him something
to eat and drink, wash him up a bit--several bits--and let him come back here and do his best."

"Sir, I thank you," said the tramp with dignity. "Your idea is a great and noble one. My stomach
is so empty that it hangs about me in folds. You have all doubtless seen a balloon awaiting
the kindly offices of the gas-man--that's me. But it will soon be remedied. Adieu for the present."
He left us, with the conductor in the lead and the grinning darky at his heels.

"The nerve of those hoboes is something astonishing," said Colonel Manysnifters, walking up
and down, and filling the car with smoke in order to cover up all traces of our visitor. I'll
bet a thousand dollars that that fellow had as good a chance at the start as any of us,--just
threw himself away,--whiskey, I suppose, or women, or the platers--the combination more likely.
Did you ever see such eyes?--like two burnt holes in a blanket!"

"Yet he has the manners of a gentleman, and seems to have had some education," said Van Rensselaer.
"Did you notice his small hands and rather classic profile? Bathed, shaven, manicured, and
properly clothed, he would be much like the rest of us--externally so, at least."

"May have been born a gentleman," observed the Colonel, "but he seems to have outgrown it.
A college man, too, no doubt; but what does that signify? I have a friend who spent about six
thousand simoleons on his son's education, and at the end of three years all the boy had learned
was to wear baggy pants, sport a cane, and yell 'Raw! Raw! Raw!'--very appropriately--upon
the slightest provocation. The kind of chap you will find dashing through the streets in a
forty horse-power automobile with a hundred fool-power chauffeur in charge. As to the modern
young woman, all the education she wants is to be able to write love-letters!
