He was losing his strength, and with this he began to think less.  He prayed more though. As time passed, he prayed all the time, and when he did not pray, he slept.  He was familiar with God.  He spoke to God with the familiarity, and innocence, with which a child speaks to his mother. 
This familiarity grew.  The scum that was this criminal and murderer began to speak to the Holy Lord like a friend.  The man was dying alone, but believed that God trusted him, even though he had given him the pains of life.
“Lord,” he said with his weakened voice, “ I think I can go on.  I would like to see someone, but I’ll make out to get along…..Lord! I am weak.  I know about these horrible spasms.  You get delirious, next thing, you know.  Then you get better or stay in a pitiful state forever.  It will be decided by Sunday night.  Lord! Dear Lord!”  he added, with a sincere pause, “Please don’t forget me!  I hope You’ll miss me enough to hunt me up.”
The sun set early on Saturday night.  The darkness began to seep in, as the sun sank under an ominous web of clouds.  The shadows grew long over Scip’s fresh grave.  The sky was dark, with only a few dim stars visible. As the wind began to blow in a frail breeze, the city lights flickered in the breeze, and seemed to multiple, like objects seen through tears.
Zerviah looked through the wooden shutter.  He could see the lights, the lonely palmetto, those few cold stars, and he could see the grave.
While his thoughts remained his own, he thought. He thought with tenderness and longing of those for whom he had given his life.  He thought of how many keen cares of their own they had.  He thought of how many horrible actions and sights they had to do, and to live with.  It was to be expected that he was not missed.  Who was he?— a disgraced, unfamiliar man, living among them.  Why should they think of him?  
Yet, the memories of them were strangely good.  He wished that his living or even his dying could help them.  He began to remember all the little things: kind words from his patients, looks that healing eyes had turned on him, little signs of human love and leaning.  They all cam back to him, and stood around him as if they were living, as he lay in his bed in his dark hut.
“They loved me,” he said with sudden exasperation, “Lord, as true as I am alive, they loved me! I’m glad I lived long enough to save life! I cannot thank You enough for that!  Lord, I wish there was something I could do for them!  I am willing to die if it could help them in any way.  If I thought I could do anything that way, toward sending them a frost- 
“No,” he added, “that ain’t reasonable.  A frost and a human life ain’t convertible coin.  He don’t do unresonalb ethings.  May be I’ve lost it already.  But I would still be happy to do it.  That’s all.  I suppose I can ask You for a frost.  That’s alright.
“Lord, God or both Heaven and Earth! He who made the South and the North, and the Pestilence and destruction, and the sick and the well, and the living, and the dead, have mercy on us, the miserable sinners! Have mercy on all those who pray to You, and those who don’t!  Remember the old graves, the new ones, and the ones that are to be opened if this hellish het goes on.  Send us a blessed frost!  O Lord, send us a blessed frost, as an act of humanity!”
