I must
not mind."

Growing weaker, he thought less and prayed more. He prayed, at last, almost all his time. When
he did not pray, he slept. When he could not sleep, he prayed. He addressed God with that sublime
familiarity of his, which fell from his lips with no more irreverence than the kiss of a child
falling upon its mother's hand or neck.

The murderer, the felon, the outcast, talked with the Almighty Holiness, as a man talketh with
his friends. The deserted, distrusted, dying creature believed himself to be trusted by the
Being who had bestowed on him the awful gift of life.

"Lord," he said, softly, "I guess I can bear it. I'd like to see somebody--but I'll make out
to get along.... Lord! I'm pretty weak. I know all about these spasms. You get delirious next
thing, you know. Then you either get better or you never do. It'll be decided by Sunday night.
Lord! Dear Lord!" he added, with a tender pause, "don't You forget me! I hope You'll miss me
enough to hunt me up."

It grew dark early on Saturday night. The sun sank under a thin, deceptive web of cloud. The
shadow beneath the palmetto grew long over Scip's fresh grave. The stars were dim and few.
The wind rose, and the lights in the city, where watchers wept over their sick, trembled on
the frail breeze, and seemed to be multiplied, like objects seen through tears.

Through the wooden shutter, Zerviah could see the lights, and the lonely palmetto, and the
grave. He could see those few cold stars.

He thought, while his thoughts remained his own, most tenderly and longingly of those for whom
he had given his life. He remembered how many keen cares of their own they had to carry, how
many ghastly deeds and sights to do and bear. It was not strange that he should not be missed.
Who was he?--a disgraced, unfamiliar man, among their kin and neighborhood. Why should they
think of him? he said.

Yet he was glad that he could remember them. He wished his living or his dying could help them
any. Things that his patients had said to him, looks that healing eyes had turned on him, little
signs of human love and leaning, came back to him as he lay there, and stood around his bed,
like people, in the dark hut.

"They loved me," he said: "Lord, as true as I'm alive, they did! I'm glad I lived long enough
to save life, to save life! I'm much obliged to You for that! I wish there was something else
I could do for them.... Lord! I'd be willing to die if it would help them any. If I thought
I could do anything that way, toward sending them a frost--

"No," he added, "that ain't reasonable. A frost and a human life ain't convertible coin. He
don't do unreasonable things. May be I've lost my head already. But I'd be glad to. That's
all. I suppose I can ask You for a frost. That's reason.

"Lord God of earth and heaven! that made the South and North, the pestilence and destruction,
the sick and well, the living and the dead, have mercy on us miserable sinners! Have mercy
on the folks that pray to You, and on the folks that don't! Remember the old graves, and the
new ones, and the graves that are to be opened if this hellish heat goes on, and send us a
blessed frost, O Lord, as an act of humanity!
