It was not the first meeting to occur. Maulear was aware of the meaning behind the veil he discovered on the terrace the first night he made a pass at Sorrento. He had seen the darting shadow of Aminta, the owner of the veil. Gaetano must be her accomplice. He was sure.  They were interrupted by Maulear when first meeting, and hoped to make amends another time. Never will I allow them to be happy, he exclaimed. I won't allow them to take me for an idiot. She will turn red with shame when I take my revenge by telling her I know her secret. How would he capture the element of surprise? Were they so brash as to cross the terrace once more? Maybe there is no other place they can meet. If so, I must be sure not to scare them. The Marquis moved to a back room opening on the interior corridor of the house. He slowly opened the terrace window to take refuge behind some trees located across from his room. As the clock struck three, the brilliant, star strewn sky blanketed the balmy air. Love was in the air.

Maulear was in a state of painful agony. In the silent night, Mauler soon heard a door open. He turned his attention to the point of the terrace where the noise originated from. Mauler focused with all his energy on looking closely at the terrace. An alien form appeared at the end of the terrace, gliding toward him. Draped in white vapors, the ghostlike being disappeared amongst the trees,and then reappeared with a bright aura as she came closer to Mauler. She came so close that Mauler found that he could recognize her.

Aminta gracefully revealed her identity. Mauler was not surprised, but still felt consumed with grief as he realized it was her. He had hit rock bottom. The last string of hope had been broken. In the wake of despair came anger as Mauler began to pursue Aminta. He was surprised to find that she stopped over his apartment window. She moved inside the dimly lit room via the door.

Mauler was perplexed as to why she was in his room.

Of course, he thought. My first impressions held some truth after all.
