This rendezvous was not the first, for
Maulear knew the secret of the veil he had found on the terrace on the first night he had passed
at Sorrento. The veil belonged to Aminta, and the flitting shadow he had seen was the lady's
self. Her accomplice was Gaetano. How could he doubt? Interrupted in their first intercourse
by Maulear, they expected on another occasion to be more fortunate. No, cried he, that shall
not be, they will find me between themselves and happiness. I wish them to at least learn,
that I am not their dupe. I will cover her snowy brow with a blush, and avenge myself by disclosing
to her my knowledge of her secret. But how could he surprise them? Would they dare to cross
the terrace again? Perhaps, though, they can meet nowhere else. If so, they will brave every
thing, and in that case I must not alarm them. The Marquis took the taper, which lighted his
chamber, and placed it in a back room, which opened on the interior corridor of the house.
Carefully opening the terrace window, he took refuge behind a group of trees, exactly opposite
his room. The clock of Sorrento struck three--the night was clear and brilliant, and the sky
was strewn with diamond stars--the air was soft and warm. It was a night for love and lovers.

To Maulear it was a night of agony and torture. All around was so calm and tranquil that the
slightest noise fell on his ear,--he soon heard a door open. Maulear fixed his eyes on the
point of the terrace from which the sound proceeded--his whole existence seemed concentrated
in the single sense of sight. Something cloudlike, vapory and undefinable, which seemed too
ethereal for earth, gradually appeared at the extreme end of the terrace. This mysterious figure
seemed to glide, rather than walk, towards the place where Maulear was concealed; it approached
him slowly, without motion or sound to betray its steps. Wrapped in long white drapery, like
a mantle of vapor, resembling those creations of Ossian which formed often the clouds of evening;
in short, one might have believed that she had risen from the earth, and had come to dissolve
under the first rays of the sun, or of the moon. The phantom disappeared for a few seconds,
amidst a dark grove, which projected on the terrace the lofty trunks of large forest trees--but
when she emerged from their shade, and re-entered that portion of the terrace light and brilliant,
she approached so near to Maulear, that he was enabled to examine and recognize her.

This graceful and vapory phantom was Aminta. Maulear expected it, but he felt not the less
a distressing grief, in thus recognizing her. It seemed to him that the last plank of the wreck
had broken under his feet, and that he had fallen into the depth of despair. But soon anger
smothered the last cry of a love now no longer felt--and Maulear rushed in pursuit of Aminta,
when he saw her, to his great surprise, stop before the window of his apartment. Then reaching
out her hand she pushed open the door and entered the room, which was partially lighted by
the moon.

"What is she doing," said Maulear, with amazement, "what business has she in this room?"

An idea struck him. My presentiment did not deceive me.
