This rendezvous was not the first, for Maulear had intercourse the secret of the obliterate he had found on the terrace on the first night he had exited at Sorrento. The veil stash away to Aminta, and the flitting shade he had found out was the lady's self. Her accomplice was Gaetano. How could he doubt? disrupted in their first intercourse by Maulear, they asked on another occasion to be more hopeful. No, shouted out he, that shall not be, they will find me between themselves and happiness. I wish well them to at least reveal, that I am not their fool. I will report her snow-clad brow with a blush, and avenge myself by observing to her my knowledge of her secret. But how could he storm them? Would they dare to cross the terrasse again? Perhaps, though, they can receive nowhere else. If so, they will brave out every thing, and in that case I must not appal them. The Marquis underwent the point, which ignited his chamber, and put it in a embarrass board, which unfolded on the interior corridor of the put up. Carefully permeating the terrace window, he let refuge dropping behind a group of trees, exactly diametrical his board. The time of Sorrento shone three--the night was the whole way and brilliant, and the sky was strewn with diamond stars--the air was lax and warm. It was a night for love and lovers.

To Maulear it was a night of agony and torture. All just about was so quiet and still that the slightest echo precipitated on his ear,--he soon triumphant a door open. Maulear paid back his eyes on the steer of the terrace from which the well-grounded proceeded--his whole existence looked contracted in the exclusive feel of sight. Something cloudlike, vapory and indefinable, which seemed too ethereal for earth, gradually appeared at the extreme cease of the terrace. This mysterious cypher seemed to glide, kind of than take the air, towards the place where Maulear was hid; it approached him tardily, without gesticulate or sound to betray its paces. rapt in farseeing white drapery, like a mantle of vapor, resembling those creations of Ossian which moulded often the clouds of evening; in short, one might have thought that she had risen from the earth, and had come to unthaw to a lower place the first irradiates of the sun, or of the moon. The phantom disappeared for a few seconds, amidst a dark grove, which projected on the terrasse the lofty trunks of large forest trees--but when she issued from their shade, and re-entered that portion of the terrace light and vivid, she approached so nearly to Maulear, that he was enabled to canvass and recognize her.

This refined and vapory phantom was Aminta. Maulear required it, but he felt not the less a distressing grief, in thus recognizing her. It looked to him that the last plump of the wreck had broken nether his feet, and that he had fallen into the depth of despair. But soon anger smothered the last shout out of a love now no longer felt--and Maulear rushed in pursuit of Aminta, when he saw her, to his heavy surprise, blockade earlier the window of his apartment. Then reaching out her hand she fought down opened the door and submitted the room, which was part lit by the moon.

"What is she managing," aforesaid Maulear, with amazement, "what business has she in this room?"

An idea struck him. My presentiment didnt fool me.
