When the hostess brings him bread and butter he sees that the top piece is heat damaged.  What should he do?
The correct answer:  Politely, he should accept the plate and offer some of the bread to the hostess.  If she does not want any he should offer it to his nearest neighbor.  Once the bad piece of bread is taken he can take the next slice and give the plate back to the hostess.  

A commended answer:  He should tell the hostess that, as a hobby, he gathers bread slices from the houses of nobility.  He has an unrivaled collection of bread from the Royal Family and he would like to add this specimen to his collection.  If she allows he will fold the bread in two and place it in his pocket.

(The downside to doing this is it would be quite messy.)

Wrong answers
1:  He would make a rude remark such as  noting that it has "escaped from the bread pudding"  then select a different slice.

2: He needs to accept the bread with thanks.  If he were to do otherwise it would be offensive.  However, now that he owns the bread he can do what he pleases with it, including: hiding it in a flower pot or gramophone or feeding it to the dog.  (If the dog won't eat the bread he could mention that there is no reason a dog should refuse such amazing food and them throw it away as it has been spoiled by the dog's nose.)

*****

Love's Labor Lost
(Inspired by a dark woman who mentioned that all light skinned girls were untrustworthy)

Phyllis has a seeking eye, pale blue, a remarkable feature which informs the stranger that she is flighty. Her blonde hair and light skin also hint at her flightiness. 
I, who was intended to marry Phyllis, have been jilted by her scorn, to seek solace in alcohol.  How the people cry for missing such a wedding.  
The one who stole my love cannot survive long.  I pity him as I do my former rival, from when my flirtation started.  


*****
The journalistic touch
1: Yesterday the yacht carrying the Imperial Family and the Tsar sailed through the British lines after stopping for a meal on the British Flagship.
2: The loveliness of marriage becomes a filter through which all realities appear as expressions.  
3: We will fondly remember his noble face and white crown.
