Your host offers you bread and butter. He acknowledges that the top piece has suffered from the heat. A. What should I do?

A. Correct answer .-- politely attempted to take his hostess plate, muttering: "I can offer you?" If he refuses, he should offer it to its nearest neighbor. When the disc offender he fled in this way can contribute to division and then return to the side of the plate to its owner.

Much praise .-- A. In order to explain the landlady who has a strange hobby: to gather the slices of bread and butter of the big houses. His collection of the royal family has no rival slices. Could he have the pleasure and honor to add to your collection this fine model? You then reverently sometimes split in two and place it in your pocket.

[Our only objection to this is that it seems one thing and not greasy.]

Wrong answer: - (a) A. should make funny comments like: "Do not escaped bread pudding?" He must then joking, but push the cut on the one hand, and trust to fortune in the next.

(2) A. should out of courtesy to his host happily accept whatever places before him. Any other behavior would be an insult. But now becomes his personal property and may take any of these courses are more practical -

(A) is secreted in a flowerpot or imagination on the gramophone.

(B) If the dog is a diner robbery behind his back, so the dog can get.

NOTE .-- If the dog refuses to play, says aloud: "I can not understand how an animal can reduce these delicious bread and butter." You can then sell it openly in the fireplace or trash of paper, because the dog's nose has vitiated its freshness.

* * * * *

Love's Labour's lost property.

[Lines inspired by a dark lady who said, apropos a recent disaster that all girls were fairly unreliable.]

Phyllis has a wandering eye, pale blue - a characteristic openness that informs fits Phyllis is a fickle creature, Golden locks and white complexion also point in this direction.

I, who had arranged for the Phillies joined by the priest, now that I've been jilted affront to seek solace in alcohol. Or the tears I shed are popular (After losing a wedding swagger).

Who stole my love away Can not hope to survive long, and I sympathize with the day as I did earlier rival, who believed that his simple heart When my coquetry own time.

* * * * *

The journalistic feature.

I.

"The imperial yacht with the emperor and the imperial family on board steam through the British lines yesterday after lunch at the British flagship." - Bombay Chronicle.

II.

De la Rosa Walk Purley: -

"So, the material beauty becomes transparent veil through which the realities gleam of that all phenomena are expressed." - Croydon Advertiser and Surrey County Reporter.

III.

"His memory and his noble face and crown of snow Pastor will be a green dot, and written indelibly in our minds, lives, while it lasts." - Methodist Recorder.
