A line of verse consisting of six metrical feet or the  rhythm that the words establish are according to  counting syllables to determine the meter of a poem. 
C. MANSFIELD INGLEBY.

Frasologia Italiana of P. Daniele is a good dictionary of phrase whether in English such a good dictionary is there.

G. K

Lines on Woman-- correspondents of "N. & Q." can tell where the following lines (on Mary
Magdalene)are to be found, then W.V. will be glad.

"Not she with traitrous kiss her master stung, Not she denied him with unfaithful tongue; She, when apostles fled, could danger brave, Last at his cross, and earliest at his grave."

The following memorandum and such type of other notices have been seen in a parish register.  

"1680. Collected for the redemption of poor slaves in Turkey, the sum of 2s. 8d." - collections for Poor slaves.

Can any reference be given on such authorization by kings


W. S

Northiam 

 
(in "N. & Q.," Vol. i., p. 441.; Vol. ii., p 12
Some information upon this point will be found.)

The Earl of Oxford and the Creation of Peers.--When impeached in the reign of Queen Anne for creating in one day twelve peers who will find the answer made by the Earl of Oxford.

S. N

Can any of the readers give the authorship and connexion of the following lines?

"Like one who wakes from pleasant sleep, Unto the cares of morning."

C. W. B

Bells at Berwick-upon-Tweed-Please help me with a parallel or a similar one, in respect to bells and at Berwick-upon-Tweed what was met with.  The only one parish church of Cromwell's time is without either tower or {293} bell. From the belfry of the town-hall  people are summoned to divine service.  
Town-hall than the Church is ecclesiastical in appearance. The church stood opposite the barrack gate, it is said that soldiers used to march in for service. It was also told that  a strange clergy man also made the same mistake as the soldiers. 


There is a meeting-house in Berwick of anti-burghers which has a bell, which was very curious. They are dissenters from the Church of Scotland. Ringing of bell as a summons to worship.  Barrington, Bishop of Durham, issued a licence, which still exists. The congregation were in similar to the Church of Scotland, at the time when the bell was licensed. 


ALFRED GATTY.

The Keate Family, of the Hoo, Herts.- Shall be thankful of  readers for information respecting the Sir Jonathan Keate, Bart., of the Hoo, Hertfordshire.  He was living in the year 1683.  any particulars respecting his family may also be informed.
