
It is either hexameter or pentameter, according to the scansion?

C. MANSFIELD INGLEBY.

Birmingham.

Dictionary of English Phrases.--Is there in English any good dictionary of phrases similar
to the excellent Frasologia Italiana of P. Daniele?

G. K.

Lines on Woman.--W. V. will be glad to know if any of the correspondents of "N. & Q." can tell
where the following lines are to be found?--

 "Not she with traitrous kiss her master stung,
  Not she denied him with unfaithful tongue;
  She, when apostles fled, could danger brave,
  Last at his cross, and earliest at his grave."

Collections for Poor Slaves.--I have met with the following memorandum in a parish register,
and have seen notices of similar entries in others:

    "1680. Collected for the redemption of poor slaves in Turkey, the sum
    of 2s. 8d."

Can you refer me to the king's letter authorising such collections to be made?

W. S.

Northiam.

    [Some information upon this point will be found in "N. & Q.," Vol. i.,
    p. 441.; Vol. ii., p 12.]

The Earl of Oxford and the Creation of Peers.--Where will be found the answer made by the Earl
of Oxford when impeached in the reign of Queen Anne for creating in one day twelve peers?

S. N.

"Like one who wakes," &c.--Can any of your readers supply the authorship and connexion of the
following lines?--

 "Like one who wakes from pleasant sleep,
    Unto the cares of morning."

C. W. B.

Bells at Berwick-upon-Tweed.--Can any one favour me with a parallel or similar case, in respect
to bells, to what I recently met with at Berwick-upon-Tweed? The parish church, which is the
only one in the town, and a mean structure of Cromwell's time, is without either tower or {293}
bell; and the people are summoned to divine service from the belfry of the town-hall, which
has a very respectable steeple. Indeed, so much more ecclesiastical in appearance is the town-hall
than the Church, that (as I was told) a regiment of soldiers, on the first Sunday after their
arrival at Berwick, marched to the former building for divine service, although the church
stood opposite the barrack gate. My kind informant also told me that he found a strange clergyman
one Sunday morning trying the town-hall door, and rating the absent sexton; having undertaken
to preach a missionary sermon, and become involved in the same mistake as the soldiers.

But more curious still was the news that there is a meeting-house in Berwick belonging to the
anti-burghers, who are dissenters from the Church of Scotland, which has a bell, for the ringing
of which, as a summons to worship, Barrington, Bishop of Durham, granted a licence, which still
exists. I was not aware that bishops either had, or exercised, the power of licensing bells;
but my informant will, I doubt not, on reading this, either verify or correct the statement.
At the time when the bell was licensed, the congregation were in communion with the Church
of Scotland.

ALFRED GATTY.

The Keate Family, of the Hoo, Herts.--I shall be obliged to any of your readers for information
respecting the Sir Jonathan Keate, Bart., of the Hoo, Hertfordshire, who was living in the
year 1683; also for any particulars respecting his family?
