At 0600, we mounted, but due to the rockbound landscape, we didn't reach the campground until 1230 hours. Prior to our arrival, the group had enjoyed much luck with their shooting and fishing; an appetizing mix of cockatoos, swans, and ducks, along with fired fish, was a gratifying welcome offering to us fater having survived for weeks on salt-preserved meat and damper.

October 8th (Sunday). 

October 9th

The river valley being craggy and obstructed to the North of camp, we decided to cross to the left bank and climb the sandy plateau; we headed roughly southeasterly from 0745 to 1100, at wich point we happened upon the stream in an abyssal valley comprised of almost vertical red sandstone escarpments 50-200 feet high, gapped at short intervals by huge crevices (pointing generally WNW and at close to right angles to the river), which time and water flow, had eroded into impenetrable crevasses, often stretching more than a half-mile back from the watercourse, and making traversal both laborious and dangerous, as it was necessary to go around the dense thicket overlaying the elevated land. The flow of the river at this point altered to nearly South, and maintained its identical rocky and unwelcoming aspect until 1700, when an interruption in the cliff walls gave us way to go down into the valley, though with some challenges and risk to our mounts, which were forced to slide down the highly inclined rockface in such a way that a wrong move would certainly cause them a broken neck; however, the comedown complete, they were compensated with lush grasses and abundant water, the latter coming from a generous spring lying at the foot of the escarpment.

October 10th 

While breakfast was being cooked, Mr. Burges and I took a look at the river's right bank, and after a brief hunt, located a negotiable ascent to the cliff's summit, and having made a clear path through the thick melaleuca that covered the river bank, went back to camp to take breakfast. At 0750, the began our ascent, and at 0830, reached the top for the craggy hills, and turning to a Southeasterly course through series of thickets, boulders, wide crevasses, sand dunes, and underbrush, we came out on a pleasant grassy plain at 1230. The river bed at this point exhibited a marked change, the sandstone having given way to a granite gneiss, with dusky trap levees bisecting it in a north-south direction, the concavity of the strata tending towards the West at a steep angle, at some points virtually perpindicular.

A WAREHOUSE CAMP. EXPLORING NORTHERN MURCHISON. 

October 11th

As this area showed promise as a location for the construction of a warehouse, as we scrutinized the upper section of the Murchison, I went further up the river with Mr. Burges, having commissioned the remainder of our party to stand guard over the camp and to take care of the horses. After riding for an hour, we happened upon our own track which we had left when we traversed the river on September 25th, the general path of the stream bed being ENE, its width averaging 300 feet, packed with stones, uprooted saplings, and shoals, with a plethora of superficial, briny puddles, with only a single exception, was both broad and downreaching, where we stopped for a couple of hours to give the horses a rest; very few of these pools seemed substantial enough to survive the summer heat.
