After living so many weeks on salt meat and damper, it's amazing change of cockatoos,swans and ducks with fried fish, which make a remarkable change to all of us.But it was a successful party of fishing and shooting in our absence . Due to our adventurous nature we were not able to control our hourses so we reach  encampment at 12.30 p.m., where we were on our saddles at 0600 hrs.

8th October (sunday).

9th October.

 A deep valley formed by almost perpendicular red sandstone cliffs from 50 to 200 feet in height, broken at short intervals by enormous fissures (their general direction west-north-west and nearly at right angles with the river), which time, with the action of water, had worn into impassable ravines, frequently extending more than half a mile back from the river, and rendered travelling very tedious and unsafe, as it was requisite to avoid the thick scrubs covering the higher land moment we hit th e stream. After we steered about south-east from 7.45 a.m. to 11.0 all across the rocky and impassable valley  above the camp, we crossed to the left bank and ascended the sandy tableland. A hardship period was waiting for us it being slant we have to come across this time continued till  5.0 p.m.  , when a break in the cliffs enabled us to descend into the valley, although with some difficulty and danger to the horses, which had to slide down the steep rocks at the risk of breaking their necks, which would have been the almost certain result of a single false step; but the descent being accomplished, they were rewarded by an abundant supply of grass and water, the latter from a large spring at the foot of the cliffs.

10th October.

A DEPOT CAMP. EXPLORE THE UPPER MURCHISON. 


we reached at 8.30 a.m.to the summit of the rocky hills, after having our breakfast,Me and Mr.Burges racked the route mean while breakfast was getting ready, here again a succession of thickets, rocks, yawning chasms, sand-hills, and scrub, we attained to a fine grassy flat at 12.30 p.m. Now river bed is quite changed its character, the sandstones giving place to granite gneiss, with dark trap dykes intersecting it in a northerly and southerly direction, the dip of the strata being to the west at a very high angle, at times almost perpendicular. 
 
 
 A DEPOT CAMP. EXPLORE THE UPPER MURCHISON. 

11th October.

After one hour's ride we came on our track where we crossed the river on the 25th September, the general course of the stream-bed being east-north-east, its channel averaging 100 yards in width, full of rocks, small trees, and sandbanks, with many shallow brackish pools of water, with the exception of one, which was both wide and deep, where we halted for two hours to rest the horses; few of the pools seemed likely to last through the heat of summer. As this appeared to be a good spot for the formation of a depot, while we examined the upper portion of the Murchison, I proceeded up the river in company with Mr. Burges, leaving the rest of the party to guard the camp and attend to the horses.
