
Capetown is by far the most cosmopolitan of all our colonial capitals. Englishmen, Dutchmen,
Jews, Kaffirs, "Cape boys" and Malays bustle about the streets conversing in five or six different
languages. There is a delightful freedom from conventionalism in the matter of dress. At one
moment you meet a man in a black or white silk hat, at another a grinning Kaffir bears down
upon you with the costume of a scarecrow; you next pass a couple of dignified Malays with long
silken robes and the inevitable tarbush, volubly chattering in Dutch or even Arabic. These
Malays form a particularly interesting section of the population. They are largely the descendants
of Oriental slaves owned by the Dutch, and, of course, preserve their Moslem faith, though
some of its external observances, e.g., the veiling of women, have ceased to be observed. I
did my best during a few days' stay at Somerset West to witness one of their great festivals
called "El Khalifa". At this feast some devotees cut themselves with knives until the blood
pours from the wounds, and a friend of mine who had witnessed the performance on one occasion
seemed to think that in some cases the wounding and bleeding were not really objective facts,
but represented to the audience by a species of hypnotic suggestion. As, however, my visit
to Somerset West took place during the month of Ramazan there was no opportunity of witnessing
the "Khalifa," which would be celebrated during Bairam, the month of rejoicing which amongst
Moslems all the world over succeeds the self-mortifications of Ramazan. Even if their external
observances of the usages of Islam seem somewhat lax, the Cape Moslems, I found, faithfully
observe the month of abstinence, and I remember talking to a most intelligent Malay boy, who
was working hard as a mason in the full glare of the midday heat, and was touching neither
food nor drink from sunrise to sunset.

All around were signs and tokens of the war. Large transports lay gently rolling upon the swell
in every direction, and it was said that not less than sixty ships were lying at anchor together
in the bay. H.M.S. Niobe and Doris faced the town, and further off was stationed the Penelope,
which had already received its earlier contingents of Boer prisoners. It is very difficult,
by the way, to understand how some of these captives contrived later on to escape by swimming
to the shore, for, apart from the question of sharks, the distance to the beach was considerable.

On land the whole aspect of the streets was changed. Every few yards one met men in khaki and
putties. This cloth looks fairly smart when it is new and the buttons and badges are burnished;
but, after a very few weeks at the front, khaki uniforms become as shabby as possible. No one
who is going into the firing line has any wish to draw the enemy's fire by the glint of his
buttons or his shoulder-badges, and so these are either removed or left to tarnish. Nor does
khaki--at any rate the "drill" variety--improve its beauty by being washed. When one has bargained
with a Kaffir lady to wash one's suit for ninepence it comes back with all the glory of its
russet brown departed and a sort of limp, anæmic look about it.
