Capetown is unquestionable the most cosmopolitan of all our colonial capitals.  Dutchmen, Englishmen, Kaffirs, Jews, "Cape boys" an Malays bustle about the streets speaking five or six different languages.  The manner of dress is delightfully unconventional.  At one moment, you may meed a man in a black or white silk hat, at another moment you may pass a couple of Malays with long silk robes, chattering in Dutch or possibly even Arabic.  They are mostly the descendants of oriental slaves owned by the Dutch, and, naturally, preserve their Muslim faith, although some external observances, such as the veiling of women, have fallen out of practice.  I stayed at Somerset West for a few days, and did my best to observe one of their great festivals, known as "El Khalifa".  At this feast, some attendees cut themselves with sharp blades until they bleed, and a friend of mine who had seen this on one occasion thought that the bleeding was not real, but presented to the audience by some kind of hypnotic suggestion.  Because my visit was during the month of Ramazan, there was no opportunity to see the "Khalifa", which would not be celebrated during Bairam, the month of rejoicing, which overceeds the self-mortifications of Ramazan.  Even if they seem somewhat lax in their observances of Islam, I found the Cap Muslims to be faithful observers of the month of Ramazan; I remember speaking with a Malay boy, who was laboring hard in the midday heat, but would not touch food or drink during the daylight hours.

Signs and tokens of the war were everywhere.  It was said that there were at least sixth ships at anchor in the bay.  Two ships, the H.M.S. Niobe and Doris were facing the town, and further off the Penelope was stationed, which had already recieved a shipment of Boer prisoners.  It was quite difficult to understand just how some of these prisoners attempted to escape by swimming to shore, for not only was there the danger of sharks, but the shore was a great distance away.

On land, the whole aspect of the streets was different.  One could scarcely travel a few yards withought meeting men in khaki and putties.  This style of clothing looks rather sharp when new, but after a few weeks the khaki uniforms become shabby.  Nobody going to the front lines wants to draw the enemy's fire by the glint of his buttons or shoulder badges, so they are either removed or allowed to tarnish.  Khaki also does not improve in beauty from being washed; when one has hired a Kaffir lady to wash it for ninepence, the rusult is a sort of limp, anaemic looking fabric.
