He, she and they have bought it simultaneously. Hurrah! 
A. P. H. 
* * * * * 
The Premier Metaphors. 
Some time ago, when the premier was observing the sunrise upon the mountains, suddenly he started to pitch his thermometer into the lava.  He did so just to examine that the stream is cooling or not, is it indicating any comfort or discomfort,  should we be with hope or without hope, any who may be buried beneath it or not etc,. But unfortunately by mistake, as per our understanding, we can confirm that he has failed to tape or record his speech at the Guildhall that the chamois is once more browsing happily among the blooming edelweiss. 
But Mr. Lloyd George when he started to continued his lofty metaphors he can understand well about its easy performance.  Especially he will understand well when they dealing with the glacier, they are completely free from any kind of even small difficulties. What can he say that the glacier is doing?  This is the question and it has something interesting answer.  Usually a glacier will not be having any rhetorical or metaphorical value if it is unable to move or if it is staying simply where it is. Actually it is very easy to anybody to take the ice-axe of resolution in his hand or the alpenstock of enterprise and pull over one's boots the socks of Coalition.  But the glacier will be remaining as the same and practically it will not be having any kind of change by these preparations.  But as a matter of fact, it has a little bit of benefit also.  That is its uneven surface will be made even by the steam-roller of progress.  Also its crevasses will be filled in by the cement of human kindness.  The reason is the opposition press soon will be getting scientists, engineers and statisticians.  They will try to establish the meaninglessness of such a claim.  But if you want to declare that the glacier is getting warmer, it will be ended with great panic situation among people and especially among the homesteads in the valley. Perhaps if Mr. Lloyd George is not very responsible or careful, then he will have to make a severe brutal slip in negotiating the glacier. 
Now the "awful avalanche" has not yet been dealt with. By making use of a few helpful words on the direction, there are some possibilities to take and the safest rock to make for when it begins to move might be welcomed by the PREMIER'S followers. He may argue that this ideal idea is entirely based on foolishness and it is very difficult one to meet trouble in a half-way.  But on the other hand, if he is not willing to argue on this subject with open mindedness, then the opportunity will not be possible. So it is better to him just to avoid the glacier. Suppose, if he selects the same, he cannot escape from the avalanche as we said already. 
* * * * * 
"What’s yours?" "If you are ready to think over it, then I will have a collar” 
Please le me have two collars.  They are seventeen’s" and "cheerio!" 
Now, it is more advisable to have one especially when you are with me. What about an evening shirt?" No, no it is too early. I want the same again.  Then?   Well, perhaps it will be a soft one this time." 
I need once again the same one.  That is so soft one. Could you give this one? 
OK bye.  See you again.  
* * * * * 
* * * * * 
The sayings of Barbara. 
If a man tries to represent or to make familiar any kind of familiar misleading notion or erroneous belief notion and if he tries to confuse time-honored legends, then automatically he will be covered with enemies.  Now I have more privilege to expose the latest star or legend and I am sure that he is not the product or follower of any superstitious beliefs. But he has a symptomatic manufactured growth of comparatively recent origin. It is highly concerned with Barbara and her sayings. Actually Barbara is not the impersonal or unfriendly lady and she is the lady to figure in the old logic book- doggerel. .She is always an extremely lively woman and she is highly illogical person for the past more than five years. I have had the honor to be father. It is also greatly concerned with Barbara's Aunt Julia and even with her mother in a lesser degree. From the time, that for the past three years, as a first time when Barbara tried to show her expressive speech, my daughter was telling about them.  When I have been hearing from my daughter, I have been bombarded with reports of the wonderful things.
