He has bought. She has bought. They have bought.
Hurrah!

A. P. H.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE PREMIER'S METAPHORS.

Some time ago the PREMIER beheld the sunrise upon the mountains, and now he has plunged his
thermometer into the lava to discover that the stream is cooling--indicating comfort, let us
hope, to any who may be buried beneath it. Only by an oversight, we understand, did he omit
to mention in his speech at the Guildhall that the chamois is once more browsing happily among
the blooming edelweiss.

But in continuing his lofty metaphors Mr. LLOYD GEORGE will find himself confronted by no small
difficulty when dealing with the glacier. What can he say that the glacier is doing? It must
do something. A glacier is of no rhetorical value if it merely stays where it is. One may take
in hand the ice-axe of resolution and the alpenstock of enterprise and pull over one's boots
the socks of Coalition, but the glacier remains practically unchanged by these preparations.
It would be of little use to declare that its uneven surface is being levelled by the steam-roller
of progress and its crevasses filled in by the cement of human kindness, because the Opposition
Press would soon get scientists, engineers and statisticians to establish the absurdity of
such a claim. And to announce that the glacier is getting warmer would create no end of a panic
among the homesteads in the valley. Unless he is very, very careful Mr. LLOYD GEORGE may make
a grave slip in negotiating the glacier.

Then the "awful avalanche" has not yet been dealt with. A few helpful words on the direction
this is likely to take and the safest rock to make for when it begins to move might be welcomed
by the PREMIER'S followers. He may argue that it is folly to meet trouble half-way, but on
the other hand, if he does not speak on this subject soon, the opportunity may disappear. Let
him avoid the glacier if he chooses; he cannot (so we are informed) escape the avalanche.

       *       *       *       *       *

"WHAT'S YOURS?" "THINK I'LL HAVE A COLLAR."

"TWO COLLARS, PLEASE--SEVENTEENS." "CHEERIO!"

"NOW YOU MUST HAVE ONE WITH ME. WHAT ABOUT AN EVENING SHIRT?" "NO, NO, IT'S TOO EARLY." "THE
SAME AGAIN, THEN?" "WELL, PERHAPS A SOFT ONE THIS TIME."

"SAME AGAIN, PLEASE--ONLY SOFT."

"BYE-BYE! SEE YOU AGAIN SOON."]

       *       *       *       *       *

       *       *       *       *       *

THE SAYINGS OF BARBARA.

The man who sets out to expose popular fallacies or to confound time-honoured legends is bound
to make enemies.

The latest legend I have been privileged to explore is not the product of superstition and
slow time, but a deliberately manufactured growth of comparatively recent origin. It is concerned
with Barbara, not the impersonal lady who figures in the old logic-book doggerel, but an extremely
live and highly illogical person to whom for half a decade I have had the honour to be father.
It is also concerned with Barbara's Aunt Julia and, in a lesser degree, with Barbara's mother.

From the time (just over three years ago) when Barbara first attempted articulate speech I
have been bombarded with reports of the wonderful things my daughter has said.
