The pit in
each is supported by a series of immense, stupid, square pilasters, such as architecture has
seldom witnessed out of Russia. Over these pilasters stands the first row of boxes supported
by beautifully wrought Corinthian columns, and above these rise three additional rows. The
edifice is about 160 feet high and is the most colossal building in Warsaw. As it was designed
to treat the actors in military fashion and according to Russian style, the building was laid
out like barracks and about seven hundred persons live in it, most of them employed about the
theater. The two stages were built by a German architect under the inspection of the General
whose peremptory suggestions were frequent and injurious. Both the great theater as it is called,
which has four rows of boxes, and can contain six thousand auditors, and the Varieté theater
which is very much smaller, are fitted out with all sorts of apparatus that ever belonged to
a stage. In fact, new machinery has in many cases been invented for them and proved totally
useless. The Russian often hits upon queer notions when he tries to show his gifts.

On one side a very large and strong bridge has been erected leading from the street to the
stage, to be used whenever the piece requires large bodies of cavalry to make their appearance,
and there are machines that can convey persons with the swiftness of lightning down from the
sky above the stage, a distance of 56 feet. A machine for which a ballet has been composed
surpasses everything I ever saw in its size; it serves to transport eighty persons together
on a seeming cloud from the roof to the foot-lights. I was astonished by it when I first beheld
it although I had seen the machines of the grand opera at Paris: the second time I reflected
that it alone cost 40,000 florins [$16,000].

Under the management of two Russian Generals, who have hitherto been at the head of the establishment,
a vast deal has in this way been accomplished for mere external show.

The great Russian theatre of St. Petersburg has served for a model, and accordingly nothing
has really been improved except that part of the performance which is farthest removed from
genuine art, namely the ballet. That fact is that out of Paris the ballet is nowhere so splendid
as in the great theater at Warsaw, not even at St. Petersburg, for the reason that the Russian
is inferior to the Pole in physical beauty and grace. Heretofore the corps of the St. Petersburg
ballet has twice been composed of Poles, but this arrangement has been abandoned as derogatory
to the national honor. The sensual attractions of the ballet render it the most important thing
in the theater. A great school for dancers has been established, where pupils may be found
from three to eighteen years old. It is painful to see the little creatures, hardly weaned
from their mothers' breasts--twisted and tortured for the purposes of so doubtful an occupation
as dancing. The school contains about two hundred pupils, all of whom occasionally appear together
on the boards, in the ballet of Charis and Flora, for instance, when they receive a trifling
compensation. For the rest the whole ballet corps are bound to daily practice.
