A series of immense stupid pilasters support the pit in each, such as architure has seldom witnessed out of Russia. Beautifully wrought Corinthian columns support the first row of boxes that stands over the pilasters. Above the first row three additional rows rise. The most colossal building in Warsaw, this edifice is about 160 feet high. Designed to treat actors in a military fashion, it was laid out like barracks, according to Russian style. The seven hundred people, living in it, were most of them employees about the theater. The General, who made peremptory suggestions frequently and injuriously, inspected a German architect to build the two stages. Both the so called great theater, which has four rows of boxes and can contain six thousand auditors ,and the very much smaller Varieté theater, are fitted out with various apparatus that used to be owned by the stage. In fact,new machinery that has in many cases has been invented for them,proved totally useless. When trying to show his gifts, the Russian often hits upon queer notions.

To provide access to the stage from the street a very large and strong bridge has been erected on one side. The bridge  is to be used whenever the piece requires large bodies of cavalry to make their appearance. Machines that can convey persons with the swiftness of lightning from a height of 56 feet to the stage, are also present. A ballet has been composed for a machine, which surpasses everything I ever saw in its size. The machine is used to transport eighty persons together on a seeming cloud from the roof to the foot-lights. It surprised me when I first beheld it despite the fact that I had seen the machines of the grand opera at Paris: when i saw it again i thought about the fact that it alone cost 40,000 florins [$16,000].

Two Russian Generals,who have hitherto been at the head of the establishment, managed a vast deal, which has in this way been accomplished for mere external show.  

As the great Russian theatre of St Petersburg has been regarded as a model for other theatres, nothing has really been improved except that part of the performance, which is the most loosely related to genuine art,namely the ballet. Besides Paris, the ballet is nowhere so splendid as in the great theater at Warsaw, not even at St. Petersburg,because of the inferiority of the Russian in physical beauty and grace compared to the Pole. Heretofore Poles composed the corps of the St. Petersburg ballet twice, but being derogatory to the national honor, this arrangement has been abandoned. It is made the most important thing in the theater by the sensual attractions of the ballet. Pupils may be found from three to eighteen years old at a great school, which has been established.  Seeing the little creatures, hardly weaned from their mothers' breasts--twisted and tortured for the purposes of so doubtful an occupation as dancing, is painful. Occasionally all the two hundred pupilds of the school appear together on the boards,in the ballet of Charis and Flora, for instance, when receiving a trifling compensation.Otherwise all of the ballet corps are bound to daily practice.
