The Pit is each is accompanied by a series of immense, stupid, square pilasters, such as architecture has seldom witnessed out of Russia. Over these pilasters holds the first row of boxes supported by Corinthian columns which is beautifully moulded, and above these rise three additional rows. The Building is about 160 feet high and is the most stupendous building in Warsaw. 
As it was designed to treat the actors in military fashion and according to Russian style, the building was laid out like a building used to house military personnel and about seven hundred persons live in it, most of them employed about the theater. 
The two stages were built by a German architect under the examination of the General whose peremptory suggestions were frequent and injurious. Both the great theater as it is called, which has four rows of boxes, and can contain six thousand auditors, and the Varieté theater which is very much smaller, are fitted out with all sorts of apparatus that ever belonged to a stage. In fact, new machinery which has been fabricated have proved totally useless. The Russian often hits upon fairy notions when he tries to show his gifts.

On one side a very large and strong bridge has been built leading from the street to the stage, to be used whenever the piece requires large bodies of cavalry to make their appearance, and there are machines that can convey persons with the fastness of lightning down from the sky above the stage, a distance of 56 feet. A machine for which a ballet has been composed exceeds everything I ever saw in its size; it serves to transport eighty persons together on a seeming cloud from the roof to the foot-lights. I was stunned by it when I first beheld it although I had seen the machines of the grand opera at Paris: the second time I reflected that it alone cost 40,000 florins [$16,000].

Under the management of two Russian Generals, who have hitherto been at the head of the establishment, a vast deal has in this way been accomplished for mere external show.

The great Russian theatre of St. Petersburg has served for a model, and accordingly nothing has really been improved except that part of the performance which is farthest removed from genuine art, namely the ballet. That fact is that out of Paris the ballet is nowhere so splendid as in the great theater at Warsaw, not even at St. Petersburg, for the reason that the Russian is inferior to the Pole in physical beauty and grace. Heretofore the corps of the St. Petersburg ballet has twice been composed of Poles, but this arrangement has been abandoned as derogatory to the national honor. The sultry attractions of the ballet render it the most important thing in the theater. A great school for dancers has been established, where pupils may be found from three to eighteen years old. It is painful to see the little creatures, hardly weaned from their mothers' breasts--twisted and tortured for the purposes of so doubtful an occupation as dancing. The school contains about two hundred pupils, all of whom occasionally appear together on the boards, in the ballet of Charis and Flora, for instance, when they receive a dawdling compensation. For the rest the whole ballet corps are bound to daily practice.
