"I must leave you for some time," she said, "The fire's good. A drink by the bed.  Ring if you want something."

All these things I knew. My glass is always at the bedside, the bell is the natural communication between me and home. What a crazy talkative woman she was! I nodded and she left.

On her return an hour later, she asked: "Is there anything in the newspaper?"

Before answering this question I examined it. What does it mean? It does not mean that the pages of this morning are absolutely blank for a change? This meant, is it good murder? Is a very important person dead? In response, I handed the document to her.

Instead of reading it, she began a long account of her morning walk. She told me where she was, the people she had seen, whom she had thought she had seen and found that they were someone else, what someone said. Not a syllable that was important, I realize now, but yesterday I would have joined in the speech, asked questions, encouraged her in her madness!

Just before lunch, my brother and a host entered the room and began to talk about golf. My brother said he had toured in 98. This was his best since September, when he went round in 97. He described difficulties at the tenth hole.

Everything seemed very silly to me, because the game was over and done with. Why stir It Up?

The customer said he lost two of his balls, one of which had cost a lot. He had conducted himself well, but in the short game, he had performed weakly.  He could never quite decide if the balled rolled better for him  when he used a putter or a gun barrel wood.

My brother asked me if I remembered that his long tour two years ago?

I nodded.

The nurse came in and told them to go. She then asked me if I was hungry.

"A lot," I said.

She brought me beef broth and calf's foot jelly, noting that they were easy to take and "would not hurt my throat."

That's why I chose them, of course.

In the afternoon  my aunt Lavinia came, sat down and said she would tell me all the news.

"Do you remember Esther?,"  she began.

Esther is my cousin and we grew up together. How could I have forgotten?

What she said about Esther was inconsequential. Then she told me how she had nearly lost her luggage in Brighton - she totally thought she had lost it, in fact - but it was eventually found, she noted. "And if I had lost it, she says," it was terrible because I had a number of beautiful sketches by beloved Stella in my trunks. They were irreplaceable. However, it is all right. "

So why tell me?

And she rattled on.

"You do not say anything," she said finally.

It is true. I do not say anything. I told her what the doctor in charge told me.

"That's right," she said. "I wish others in good health had the same requirements."

Just before dinner, my brother came again. "You had Aunt Lavinia here," he said.

I did.

"Get all gray, I thought," he said.

I noticed that too.

He smoked, and while he was with me, he emptied his pipe, and refilled it. He believed the ash fell burning in the grate, but it fell in the reversal of his pants-leg on the right.

I wondered if I Should tell him?
