On the common-stage of thought experience- presentations serve as such termini. Our ideas and concepts and scientific theories pass for genuine sole so far as they harmoniously lead back to the world of sense.

I hope that many humanists will second this render of mine to trace the more crucial features of that way of looking at things. I find just about for sure that Messrs. Dewey and Schiller will do so. If the attackers will also behave some slenderize account of it, it may be that discussion will be a younger to a lesser extent wide of the mark of the denounce than it has til now been.

half a dozen

A WORD MORE ABOUT TRUTH

[annotate: Reprint from the Journal of Philosophy, July 18,1907.]

My failure in drawing converts to my conception of truth seems, if I may judge by what I learn in conversation, nigh all over. An average philosopher would experience demoralised, and a common short-change sinner would curse God and die, after such a reception. But kinda of taking counsel of despair, I make bold to vary my statements, in the fainthearted go for that repeated droppings may wear upon the stone, and that my formulas may seem lower unobtrusive if surrounded by something more of a 'mass' whereby to apperceive them.

For revere of compromising other pragmatists, whoe'er they be, I will utter of the conception which I am assaying to make perceivable, as my own conception. I first published it in the year 1885, in the first article reissued in the present book. essential theses of this article were independently abide in 1893 and 1895 by Professor D. S. Miller [gloss: Philosophical Review, vol. 2, p. 408, and Psychological review, vol. two, p. 533.] and were reprised by me in a presidential hollo on 'The knowing of things together' [annotate: The relevant parts of which are printed in a higher place, p. 43.] in 1895. Professor warm, in an article in the Journal of Philosophy, etc., [footnote: Vol. i, p. 253.] entitled 'A realistic theory of the reference of thought to reality,' called our account 'the James-Miller theory of cognition,' and, as I empathized him, fell in it his adhesion. Yet, such is the difficulty of dropping a line clearly in these penetralia of philosophy, that for each one of these reverenced colleagues informs me privately that the account of truth I now give--which to me is but that earlier statement more completely countersink forth--is to him inadequate, and appears to result the gist of real cognition out. If such near friends disagree, what can I trust from more outside ones, and what from unfriendly critics?

Yet I feel so certain that the blame must lie in my lame moulds of statement and not in my doctrine, that I am fain to try out once more to express myself.

Are there not approximately ecumenical distinctions which it may help oneself us to consort about in work out? Professor substantial separates between what he calls 'saltatory' and what he calls 'ambulant' relations. 'Difference,' for example, is saltatory, jumping as it were now from one term to another, but 'distance' in time or space is made out of interfering parts of experience through which we ambulate in succession. Years ago, when T. H. Green's ideas were most influential, I was much troubled oneself by his criticisms of english sensationalism. One of his disciples in particular would always tell to me, 'Yes!
