Mrs. Stowe narrates a little episode in the former paper in her remarkable book . The heroine of this episode is Eliza who is female slave of Mr.Shelby"s estate. The next story is about Tom who transferred from hand to hand . The writer take it as a opportunity to describe the life and feelings  of the slave owners and the dangerous condition of the society in the South.
   Tom was jet black in colour but honest and trustworthy and his master valued him for his character. But because of some circumstances he was departed from his master and came into the hands of a slave trader. He was very sad because of the seperation from his beloved wife and children. But he was very positive in his attitude and faced the faith with courage. He was pious and hopeful. He thanked the little lady Eva for her intentions.But Eva when the boat moved leaned on the railings and  cried that she wanted him. 
    Tom was purchased,and paid for. St.Clare forwarded Eva to his newly acquired property.The description of this mansion is splendid as the mansion itself. The authoress description of the character of Eva  make us fond of this little mistress.She has uncommon talents and a very delicate health. Eva is kind to everyone. Even to Topsy a negro girl who always lies and steals whenever there is a chance.Everyone is fed up of Topsy except the gentle Eva.When caught in a new theft she led away by Eva.
  Every servant in the mansion want to do anything they can do for Eva especially Tom. But when St.Clare was killed  in a quarrel in a coffee room his trustees made the family to sell the whole servants of their establishment including Tom in the open market. All the servants awaited for their turn with anxious and dejected faces.Tom the poor negro was treated so brutally by his  new master. He was wrought hard under a burning sun, starved and abused.And this led to the decline of his health and the story ends at his death. Eventhough he was treated so unkind he forgave his inhuman task master.
