
STORY OF UNCLE TOM.

A former paper on Mrs Stowe's remarkable book, presented a little episode, the heroine of which
was Eliza, a female slave on the estate of a Mr Shelby in Kentucky. We now turn to the story
of Tom himself, whose transfers from hand to hand afford the authoress an opportunity of describing
the private life and feelings of slave-owners, and the unwholesome and dangerous condition
of society in the south.

Tom, we have hinted, was jet black in colour, trustworthy and valued by his master, who was
compelled by necessity to part with him to Haley, a slave-trader. The separation of this honest
fellow from his wife Chloe, and his children, was a sad affair; but as Tom was of a hopeful
temperament, and under strong religious impressions, he did not repine at the fate he was about
to encounter, dreaded as that usually is by persons in his situation. Tom had just thanked
the little lady for her intentions, when the boat stopped at a landing-place. At its moving
on again, Eva, who leaned imprudently on the railings, fell overboard. I want him."'

Tom was purchased, and paid for. 'Come, Eva,' said St Clare, as he stepped across the boat
to his newly-acquired property. The description of this splendid mansion, with its lounging
and wasteful attendants, its indolent, pretty, and capricious lady-mistress, and the account
of Ophelia, a shrewd New-England cousin, who managed the household affairs, must be considered
the best, or at least the most amusing portion of the work. The authoress also dwells with
fondness on the character of the gentle Eva, a child of uncommon talents, but so delicate in
health, so ethereal, that while still on earth, she seems already an angel of paradise leading
and beckoning to Heaven. Eva was kind to everybody--kind even to Topsy, a negro girl whom St
Clare had one day bought out of mere charity, on seeing her cruelly lashed by her former master
and mistress. Topsy is a fine picture of a brutalised young negro, who never speaks the truth
even by chance, and steals because she cannot help it. Every one gives up Topsy as utterly
irreclaimable--all except the gentle Eva. Caught in a fresh act of theft, Topsy is led away by Eva.

Eva, after this, declined rapidly. The desire to do something was not confined to Tom. Every
servant in the establishment shewed the same feeling, and in their way did what they could.'
At length, the moment of departure of this highly-prized being arrives. St Clare was suddenly
killed in attempting to appease a quarrel in one of the coffee-rooms of New Orleans. His family
were plunged into grief and consternation; and by his trustees the whole of the servants in
the establishment, Uncle Tom included, were brought to sale in the open market. And here we
may recognise the St Clare servants, awaiting their turn with anxious and dejected faces. The
treatment of the poor negro was now most revolting. He was wrought hard under a burning sun;
half-starved; scourged; loaded with the grossest abuse. All this ends in a rapid decline of
health; and his story terminates with an account of his death, his last moments being dignified
by a strong sentiment of piety, and of forgiveness towards his inhuman taskmaster.
