When the superintendent created the job of main line register "inspector," it was offered to me.  Unfortunately, after the Labor Day rush, they found my position expendable, and I was out of work again.  Insecurely, I never even tried to obtain a clerk's position with the railway.

After a few weeks of unemployment, I became a District Office Representative for a correspondence school outside of New York City.  I was taken in by the shiny veneer and actually thought I had found my place at last, but soon became disillusioned by the caliber of my co-workers and the reputation of the school.  I also found I wasn't very good at debt collecting- I was a sucker for a sob story! I was ready to quit after two months, but my boss begged me to stay, so I complied.  After four months, I left before I was forced to leave.  My abysmal track record included only a few contracts, including one for $80 cash.  Needless to say, I was disgusted with myself for my lack of success.

GIVING ORANGE CULTURE A TRY!

I returned with my tail between my legs to my brother in New York to try and gain employment, but being so disgusted with myself, I found nothing.  From there I went to see my brother, the pastor, in Cincinnati.  Instead of shaking some sense into me, he allowed me to continue to float for some time.  Finally, in March, 1908, he assisted me in my journey West.  I ended up in Los Angeles, and through my brother's friend, obtained a job on an orange ranch in the San Gabriel Valley, for the entire season.  At last I was working at something that I enjoyed!

In the winter of 1908, I returned to San Diego and did odd jobs and chores for food and shelter and a small wage.

However, I had become obsessed with the idea of my own orange grove, and would not allow the reality of the prohibitive expense to develop one dissuade me!  I actually obtained a small tract of unimproved land, but found I didn't have the resources available to clear it of the huge trees.   When the chance came for me to file on a homestead in the Imperial Valley in May, 1910, I grabbed at it.  Later, I was able to sell my aborted orange grove for a profit, and in September, began to settle on my homestead.  I hired a man to help me build my cabin and make a wagon trail, and finally moved in on November 1st.  Unfortunately, several months later, I realized it was impossible to provide irrigation to enough land to make a viable living.  I also hadn't counted on the difficulties of desert living to be so numerous and for the whole experience to be so lonely.
