However,
the superintendent offered me a job as 'inspector' of registers on the main line, a job that
he was just creating. When the rush was over after Labor Day, I was again out of a job. I might
have secured a clerkship with the railway company, but I was foolish enough not to try.

A few weeks later found me established in the district office of a correspondence school not
very far from New York City as a representative. At first I gave good promise of success, but
I lost my enthusiasm and belief in the school and became ashamed to be numbered as one of its
workers because of the character of most of the local field force at that time and before my
time. The reputation of the school in that place was not very good. Also I was not successful
in collecting the monthly payments from those who had hard luck stories or had been lied to
by the man who had enrolled them. By the end of two months I was ready to quit, but my immediate
superior begged me to stay, in order to keep him from having to break in a new man just then.
At the end of about four months I did resign to save being kicked out. Mind you, I was to blame,
all right; for I had given up a real continuous effort beyond the merest routine and the attempt
to collect the monthly payments. While I was there I did write a few contracts, among them
a cash one amounting to $80. But, toward the end, my lack of success was due to my utter disgust
with myself for being so blamed poor and for shirking.

AN ATTEMPT IN ORANGE CULTURE

Going back to a brother in New York, I tried to land a job, but, of course, in such a state
of mind, I could not. Then I went to my older brother in Cincinnati, where he was, and is,
the pastor of a large church. Unfortunately, he did not take me by the back of the neck and
kick me into some kind of work, any kind. At last, in March, 1908, he helped me to come out
West. I landed in Los Angeles, and indirectly through a friend of his I secured a job on an
orange ranch in the San Gabriel Valley, which I held until the end of the season. Once more
I was happy and contented. It was certainly a pleasure to work.

That fall, or rather winter (1908), I secured a place near San Diego, where I had shelter and
food during the winters and small wages during the active seasons in return for doing the chores
and other work.

I had become possessed with a desire for an orange grove, and refused to consider how much
it would take to develop one. I was finally able to secure a small tract of unimproved land.
But I found that the task of clearing it would be too great for me because of the great trees,
so for this and other reasons I snatched at a chance to file on a homestead in the Imperial
Valley. This was in May, 1910. Later that summer I was able to sell my piece of land near San
Diego at a profit, so that in September I went over to get settled on my homestead. I employed
a fellow to help me make a wagon trail for a mile or more and to build my cabin for me. I moved
in the first of November. Early in 1912 I decided it would be impossible to irrigate enough
land there to make a living at that time. Also the difficulties of living alone so far out
in the desert were greater than I had anticipated.
