Aside from the losses incurred by such a valuable troop, an unsavory enemy might try to bring ammo to his allies by disguising himself as a member of the Red Cross. 

It's difficult to see soldiers dressed in khaki at night time in the sand, but once the Red Cross members find the wounded, they try to assess the wound as quickly as possible. Typically they will start out by applying a bandage or splinting the injury. The injured is then placed on a stretcher and taken to a dressing station at the end of the battlefield. Sometimes, if there aren't a lot of stretchers, the injured soldier is simply carried by two men. Each ambulance wagon available can hold up to nine people, and they are loaded up from the dressing stations to take the more severely injured soldiers to a field hospital. At the field hospital, men are laid on the ground atop a waterproof sheet, and protected by a blanket. RAMC officers will evaluate which soldiers will need to be operated on, and oversee bandaging, dressing and splinting of others. When an ambulance train comes, it will carry roughly 120 men to a base hospital located at either Rondebosch, De Aar, Orange River or Wynberg. 

This small work can not accurately cover the scope of the battles of Lord Methuen, but the British public is already well-versed in the knowledge about the engagements at Belmont, Modder River and Graspan. 

The tiny railway station of Belmont is, quite literally, in the middle of nowhere. To ascend the hills surrounding it, soldiers first had to run across a completely flat, barren expanse with nowhere to take cover. There were scattered stones and bushes, but nothing that would provide sufficient protection. Considerable losses were taken when the soldiers were delayed as they tried to cut through the wire fences on either side of the train tracks. 

The Boers were never committed to taking a stand against the men at Belmont. Some go so far as to say that it was not much more than a few outposts on their end, possibly manned by only 800 soldiers. The enemy had their horses at the ready, and when Lord Methuen's men appears, there were very few Boers left to fight. Many of them had already mounted their horses and fled to Graspan. Nearly all of the soldiers who stayed behind were left behind as corpses, many of whom fell victim to the bayonet. The bayonet is able to sever a massive amount of tissue, and once one is attacked by a bayonet, they have little chance of surviving. Even mishandling the bayonet of your own personal rifle can lead to a debilitating injury.
