Quite apart from the serious losses incurred by so valuable a corps,
advantage might be taken by an unscrupulous enemy to bring up ammunition under cover of the
Red Cross.

It is no easy task in the dark or in a fading light to find the khaki-clad figures lying prone
upon the brown sand. But when the wounded are discovered the ambulance man finds out as quickly
as he can the position and nature of the wound, and a "first aid" bandage or a rough splint
is applied. The sufferer is raised carefully upon a stretcher or carried off in an ambulance
waggon to a "dressing-station" somewhere in the rear. If there are not enough stretchers, or
the wound is merely a slight one, the disabled soldier is borne away on a seat made of the
joined hands of two bearers. A second row of ambulance waggons is loaded from the dressing-station--each
waggon holds nine--and goes lumbering off to the field hospital. Here the men are laid on the
ground with perhaps a waterproof sheet under them and a blanket over them. The R.A.M.C. officers
come round, select certain cases for operation, and see to the bandaging and dressing of the
others. Finally one of the ambulance trains arrives, about 120 men are packed in it and it
steams off rapidly to some base hospital at Orange River, De Aar, Wynberg or Rondebosch.

Any detailed account of Lord Methuen's battles lies outside the scope of this little volume,
and the British public know already practically all that can be known about the general plan
of such engagements as Belmont, Graspan and Modder River.

Belmont is an insignificant railway station lying in the middle of as dreary a bit of veldt
as can well be imagined. A clump of low kopjes run almost parallel to the railway on the right,
and to ascend these hills our men had to advance over an absolutely level plain devoid of any
cover save an occasional big stone or an anthill (precarious rampart!) or the still feebler
shelter of a bush two feet high. In their transverse march our men had to cross the railway,
and lost considerably during the delay occasioned by cutting the wire fences on either side
to clear a way for themselves and the guns.

The Boers did not apparently intend to make any serious stand against Lord Methuen's column
at Belmont. The fight was little else than an "affair of outposts" on their side and it seems
very doubtful if more than 800 of the enemy had been left for the defence of the position.
Their horses were all ready, as usual, behind the kopjes, and when our gallant men jumped up
with a cheer and for the last 100 yards dashed up the rough stony slope in front, very few
Boers remained. Most of them were already in the saddle, galloping off to Graspan, their next
position. The unwounded Boers who did remain remained--nearly all of them--for good; rifle
bullets and shrapnel and shell splinters are deadly enough, but deadliest of all is the bayonet
thrust. So much tissue is severed by the broad blade of the Lee-Metford bayonet that the chances
of recovery are often very slight. As volunteer recruits know sometimes to their cost, the
mere mishandling of a bayonet at the end of a heavy rifle may, even amid the peaceful evolutions
of squad drill, inflict a painful wound.
