I have followed this fight, as unexpected as it was significant throughout the course of the excitement of their successes and setbacks. Still I did not remain entirely without company. In July, Drasecke Felix, who had not met before, came to Lucerne for a long visit. After listening to an interpretation of the prelude to Tristan and Isolde conducted by Liszt, who had almost immediately determined to meet personally with me. I was completely terrified by his arrival, and did not know what to do with it. Moreover, since his talk was a certain humorous vein, full of stories of people and circumstances that I was slowly losing all appreciation, soon began to bore me, which surprised him, and clearly recognized that thought it would be better to let a few days. This made me ashamed of my time, and now took special care to deprive him of the bad opinion he had formed of me. I soon learned to love, and for a considerable time, until shortly before his departure from Lucerne, which was my daily companion, of whose relations that derive much pleasure as he was a very talented musician and in no way a pedant. But Drasecke was not my only visitor. 
Wilhelm Baumgartner, my old acquaintance Zurich, came to spend a few weeks in Lucerne by kindness to me. Finally Seroff Alexander St. Petersburg came to stay a while in the neighborhood. It was a remarkable man, highly intelligent, openly biased in favor of Liszt and myself. He had heard my Lohengrin in Dresden and wanted to know more about me - a project I had to meet Tristan playing him in a rough-and-ready that it was proper to me. I went to Mount Pilatus with Drasecke, and again had to care for a partner who suffered from vertigo. To celebrate his departure I invited him to take a trip to Brunnen and Grutli. After that we parted from each other, for the moment, since its modest resources did not allow him to stay longer, and I was seriously thinking of taking my departure. 

Now the question arises as to where I was going. I had sent letters, first by Eduard Devrient, and finally direct the Grand Duke of Baden, asking the latter of a security that can be accumulated, if not in Karlsruhe in itself, at least in a small place in the neighborhood . This would be enough to set at rest a desire that could not be deleted, for sexual relations from time to time with an orchestra and a troupe of singers, if only to hear them play. Later I learned that the Grand Duke had actually hastened the matter in writing to the King of Saxony. But the view still prevailed in that part which could not be granted amnesty, but he could only wait for an act of grace; assuming, of course, first I have to report to a magistrate for examination. Thus, the fulfillment of my desire remains impossible, and I shrank in dismay at the problem of how to ensure representation of my Tristan could direct himself, as he had determined to do. I was assured that the Grand Duke to know what measures to use to resolve the situation.
