The struggle was an unexpected one but it was significant,through the thrilling courses of successes and failures.In the month of july I got a company whose name was Felix Drasecke, and whom I don't know before. He had come Lucerne for a long visit. When he heard a performance of the prelude to Tristan und Isolde conducted by Liszt, he decided to stay with me. I was not interested in his silly talking and he began to bore me. When he understood I was not fascinated by his visit he planned to go back after a few days. This made me embarrassed and I tried to impress him becuase I did'nt like him to have a bad opinion about me. Slowly I began to like him and until his return from Luceme, he was my daily companion. He was a fantastic musician even though he was not a well behaved man. 
         After his return came Wilhelm Baumgarner who was my old Zurich connection and spend a few weeks with me in Luceme just to show kindness towards me. After that Alexander Seroff from St.Petersburg came to live in my neighbourhood.He was a person of great intelligence and he has a liking for Liszt and to me. I played Tristan for him in my peculiar way. Then I went to Mount Pilatus with Drasecke, and I have to spend a few more days with a person who suffered from giddiness. After that to celebrate his return we made a excursion to Brunnen and Grutli.He took leave from me as he was short of money and I also planned for my departure. 
      I sent letters to Eduard Devrient and then to Grand Duke of Baden, asking guarantee for settling in Karlsruhe itself or in its neighbourhood. The reason for this is that I cannot suppress the wish to have intercourse with an orchestra and a company of singers just to hear them play. Later I understood that Grand Duke himself written to the king of Saxony for this. But I was not granted amnesty but could only get an act of grace. For this I have to report to the magistrate for examination. As my wish remained unfulfilled I have to search a way to secure a performance  of my Tristan which I could supervise myself. Grand Duke assured me a means to meet the situation
