Nightingale was singing a song about sweet home, looking at Hewlett while he was wearing clothes in shyness.  He sang that though we may wander around in happiness and joy even if we are at great Palaces, Home is the best and sweet simple place to be happy and joy.

         NARRATION OF A SCENE

        Patrick Champion had noble charectors inheritted from his family.   He was the younger brother of George and also my friend.   Patrick wanted to pick up a fight for leagal justice whenever such scenes occured in front of his eyes.  He was ready to fight with boys of even big size and strength as he wanted to establish his power. He was a late arrival to the school. He would have picked up a quarell during foodball and there were incidents that he had thrashed down many youths like this.  So this Prince always wanted to be above the fighting standard of his brother, George.  He involved instantly even at small matters of disparities without thinking of the consequences, but he could have involved only in matters of great distress and foreseen big danger.

             It so happened one day, while I was shaving and watching through the window, I saw Fogle grabbing a top belonging to Snivins and trying to pick up a fight in between.   Many a occassions, Snivins, mischieviously had played on my toes by pegging with his top. But I never took it seriously.  Our young Champion appeared on the scene and got ready by pulling off his coat sleves and geared up on action.   In embarressment, Fogle said that they didn't invite him to the situation and threw down the top to young Snivins.  The young champion was spellbound and still as he could not get an opportunity to proceed further on his action.



            HONOURS INHERITED


         Plantagenet Gaunt Gaunt was the son of Lord George Gaunt.    So Plantagenet Gaunt Gaunt was also the nephew of the Most Honorable the Marquis of Steyne.   Thereby he inherited the noble place as the Earl of Gaunt.

         The number of eminent noble persons at Brich's were very few.   So the heir of a Great Prince was staying with Doctors for few years and they were very  happy with his stay with them.   The Doctor had many occassions to spend with strangers and during their dicussions, Lord Steyne would become the final topic of subjects.

        However in the Last Garden Party they had at Gaunt House, they were praising the future Marquis of Steyne and Earl of Gaunt as they are bonofied due to his stay with them. 


        Plantagenet was not interested in this sort of conversations and the inheritted glorious position in future.   But he was content with some brown sugar on bread-and-butter.   His time was spent by playing coach-and-horse by sitting with three chairs in a quiet place, silently.  He used to pay an occassional grim at the stangers or sometime walk up and down simply.  Happiness was visible in him.  He was stopped from taking him to church as he used to behave unwanted manner at odd places and he was left alone at home were he used to play by hiself cat's-craddle.   He used to enjoy his time like that.
