Hewlett.--Chant, then, till I go to sleep, and stop when I wake, you'll have this at your head. 
[Master HEWLETT lays his Bluchers on the bed, ready to shy at Master Nightingale's head in the case contemplated.] 
Nightingale (timidly).—Hewlett, Please…
Hewlett.--Well, sir? 
Nightingale.--Can I put on my trousers, please? 
Hewlett.--No, sir. Go on, or I'll-- 
Nightingale.-- 
"Through pleasures and palaces 
Though we might rove, 
Be it ever so modest 
There's no place like home." 
A CAPTURE AND RESCUE. 
My young friend, Patrick Champion, George's younger brother, is a late coming amongst us; has much of the family quality and good nature; is not in the least a dictator to the small boys, but is as keen as Amadis to fight. He is boxing his way to school, emulating his great brother. He watched the boy above him in strength or size, and you hear somehow that a difference has arisen between them at football, and at presently they have their coats off. By this manner, he thrashed himself over the heads of many youths: for example, if Champion can defeat Dobson, by whom Hobson thrash, how much more, then, can he thrash Hobson? Thus, he works up and establishes his position in the school. Nor does Mr. Prince think it advisable that we ushers should walk much in the way when these little differences settled, unless there is some gross difference, or danger is apprehended. 
For example, I own to having seen this row as I was shaving at my bedroom window. I did not rush down to prevent its cost. Fogle had confiscated a top, the property of Snivins; the which, as the little wretch was always pegging it at my toes, I did not regret. Snivins whimpered; and young Champion came up, lusting for battle. Directly he made out Fogle, he steered for him, pulling up his coat-sleeves, and clearing for action. 
"Who spoke to you, young Champion?" Fogle said, and he flung down the top to Master Snivins. Champion, too, was disappointed, because there would be no fight.
 THE GARDEN, 
WHERE TO THE PARLOR-BOARDERS GO. 
Noblemen have been rather scarce at Birch's--but the heir of a great Prince has been living with the Doctor for some years.--He is Lord George Gaunt's eldest son, the noble Plantagenet Gaunt Gaunt, and nephew of the Most Honorable the Marquis of Steyne. 
They are very proud of him at the Doctor's--and the two Misses and Papa, whenever a stranger comes down whom they want to dazzle, are pretty sure to bring Lord Steyne into the conversation, mention the last party at Gaunt House, and cursorily to remark that they have with them a young friend who will be, in all human probability, Marquis of Steyne and Earl of Gaunt, &c. 
Plantagenet does not care much about these future honors: provided he can get some brown sugar on his bread-and-butter, or sit with three chairs and play at coach-and-horses quite quietly by himself, he is tolerably happy. He saunters in and out of school when he likes, and looks at the masters and other boys with a listless grin. He used to be taken to church, but he laughed and talked in odd places, so they are forced to leave him at home now. He will sit with a bit of string and play cat's-cradle for many hours.
