The situations of the new and former curés always bring them into conflict, even when they are accommodating.  To the new curés, the old curés are "intruders", to the old curés the new curés are "refactories".  As their role is to keep watch over souls, new curés can't dispense with  telling their flock that the intruder has been cast out of the Church, that his sacraments don't have any value or or sacrilegious, or that attending their mass would be sinful.  As he is a public functionary, the latter never ceases to inform the powers that be that the "refactory" draws the faithful into a trap, exciting their minds and weakens the Constitution - and therefore should be forcibly restrained.  That is to say, the former ostracises the latter, but the latter puts the police against the former, and thus commences the witch-hunt.  Ironically, the mayority are the ones suffering persecution, while the minority inflict it.  The constitutional curé's Mass is barren in all parts.  [2279] In La Vendée out of 600 parishioners only ten or twelve are present; on Sundays and free days the entirety of villages and market towns come from one or two leagues away to go to the orthodox mass, with those from the village stating that they would pay double tax if only the old curé could come back.  In Alsace, "at least 90% of the Catholics will not recognise legally sworn priests."  It's the same in Franche-Comté, Artois, and in two other regions of France.  At last, as though it were a chemical composition, the analysis comes to an end.  The ones that either believe or believe once more huddle round the old curé; those who keep faith in the sacraments whether by custom or faith.  They feel the need to attend his mass.  Those who do not believe or are deists are the auditors of the new curé, as well as the indifferent members of the club and the administration.  They side with the Church just as they would with the Hotel De Ville or a popular meeting, not for any religious whim but through political desire, and these people, in order to maintain the COnstitution, put their faith in the so-called "intruder".  And yet, this isnt enough to get this man complete devotees but what it does do is give him loyal defenders and despite not possessing any faith these people support him as befits their position.  Versus an intractable bishop or curé, anything goes, whether it is the bastardisation of the law brought about by their dodgy interpretation and their arbitrary verdicts, or the riots caused by their own volition, sanctioned by lack of tolerance. [2280]  The curé is forced out of his parish, made to go to a town in the country, and put away from sight.  The Aisne Directory demonises him as a breacher of the peace, strictly forbidding him from giving sacraments.  The council of Cahors closes certain churches and makes those churchmen who do not jure to exit the town within 24 hours.  They are denounced by Lot's electoral corps as "ferocious brutes", trouble causers and war-provokers. According to the  Directory of the Bas-Rhin they should be expelled to Strasbourg or to fifteen leagues from the border. At Saint-Leon they make the bishop flee.
