Even when the new and the old curés are accommodating, their situations bring them into conflict.
To the former the latter are "intruders." To the latter the former are "refractories." By virtue
of his being a guardian of souls, the former cannot dispense with telling his parishioners
that the intruder is excommunicated, that his sacraments are null or sacrilegious, and that
it is a sin to attend his mass. By virtue of his being a public functionary, the latter does
not fail to write to the authorities that the "refractory" entraps the faithful, excites their
consciences, saps the Constitution, and that he ought to be put down by force. In other words,
the former draws everybody away from the latter, while the latter sends the gendarmes against
the former, and persecution begins.--In a strange reversal, it is the majority which undergoes
persecution, and the minority which carries it out. The mass of the constitutional curé is,
everywhere, deserted.[2279] In La Vendée there are ten or twelve present in the church out
of five or six hundred parishioners; on Sundays and holidays whole villages and market-towns
travel from one to two leagues off to attend the orthodox mass, the villagers declaring that
"if the old curé can only be restored to them, they will gladly pay a double tax." In Alsace,
"nine tenths, at least, of the Catholics refuse to recognize the legally sworn priests." The
same spectacle presents itself in Franche-Comté, Artois, and in ten of the other provinces.--Finally,
as in a chemical composition, the analysis is complete. Those who believe, or who recover their
belief, are ranged around the old curé; all who, through conviction or tradition, hold to the
sacraments, all who, through faith or habit, wish or feel a need to attend the mass. The auditors
of the new curé consist of unbelievers, deists, the indifferent members of the clubs and of
the administration, who resort to the church as to the Hôtel-de-ville or to a popular meeting,
not through religious but through political zeal, and who support the "intruder" in order to
sustain the Constitution. All this does not secure to him very fervent followers, but it provides
him with very zealous defenders; and, in default of the faith which they do not possess, they
give the force which is at their disposal. All means are proper against an intractable bishop
or curé; not only the law which they aggravate through their forced interpretation of it and
through their arbitrary verdicts, but also the riots which they stir up by their instigation
and which they sanction by their toleration.[2280] He is driven out of his parish, consigned
to the county town, and kept in a safe place. The Directory of Aisne denounces him as a disturber
of the public peace, and forbids him, under severe penalties, from administering the sacraments.
The municipality of Cahors shuts up particular churches and orders the nonjuring ecclesiastics
to leave the town in twenty-four hours. The electoral corps of Lot denounces them publicly
as "ferocious brutes," incendiaries, and provokers of civil war. The Directory of the Bas-Rhin
banishes them to Strasbourg or to fifteen leagues from the frontier. At Saint-Leon the bishop
is forced to fly.
