Stir in a tablespoonful of Allen and Hanbury's of Cafe Vierge and once it is done stir it rather more if liked, Cafe Vierge is a very fine essence of coffee. Or you can use coffee instead of dissolving gelatine in water.

COCOA JELLY
To make clear Halfpint of cocoa from the nibs, first ly soak half ounce of Nelson's gelatine in half pint  of water, add one-fourth of a pound of sugar, dissolve the same and clear the jelly with the whites and shells of two eggs.Once the Jelly has been through the bag flavour it with Nelson's Essence of Vanilla.

If you don't need a clear jelly you may simply use the Schweitzer's Cocoatina to make the Cocoa by doubling the quantity required for a beverage being used and mixing the same with half an ounce of Nelson's gelatine and flavouring it with vanilla.

ORANGES FILLED WITH JELLY

Take one orange, from the stalk of the orange cut a small round and scoop out the inside stuff of the orange.To harden the skin soak it into cold water and then drain till it is quite dry inside, fill the orange  till half with pink jelly. Store the orange in  cool place till it is firm and then stuff the remaining half with pale jelly or blanc mange; again store the orange in a cool place to let it firm before serving, cut the orange into quarters before serving design it with sprig and myrtle in between each quarter. You may replace lemons in place of orange.

ORANGE FRUIT JELLY
Melt half pound of sugar in a jill of water by boiling. Then add half ounce of Nelson's Gelatine previously soaked in a jill of cold water stir it and when it is completely dissolved store in cold place until it stands.To get the full and delicate flavour rub four lumps of sugar on the peel of the oranges add juice of a lemon and sufficient strained  
 orange juice to make half a pint to the above. Beat the same together and then add the juice of two oranges prepared as mentioned below:Peel two oranges and cut away all the white without drawing the juice, after dividing the orange into four quarters take the seeds and the pith and cut the quarters into three to four pieces. Mix it with the jelly stored in the cool place to stand allowing it to stand for few hours before it served.


APPLE JELLY

Peel a pound of apples, cut the apple into two and clear the core of the apple and cut the apple into small pieces.On Stewpan mix the apples with three ounces of lump sugar, half-a-pint of water, a small teaspoonful of Nelson's Citric Acid, and six drops of Nelson's Essence of Lemon.Boil the mixture till the fruit is tender and keep stirring to avoid sticking of the mixture to the base of the pan, later add some lemon juice and sugar to the mixture; the mixture can also be steamed in an potato steamer.Soak an ounce of Nelson's Gelatine in a gill of cold water, and when the apples are cooked to the pulp , place a hair sieve over a shallow place and rub the apples with a wooden spoon; Mix the melted gelatine with the apples seeing to that it is properly dissolved. Add a spoonful of cochineal to colour part of the apples.

Rinse a pint and half in boiling water and then in cold water, to harden the bottom of the mould ornament it with pistachio nuts or preserved cherries.
