This done,
stir in a tablespoonful, or rather more if liked, of Allen and Hanbury's Café Vierge, which
is a very fine essence of coffee. Or, instead of dissolving the Gelatine in water, use strong
coffee.

COCOA JELLY.

Make half-a-pint of cocoa from the nibs, taking care to have it clear. Soak half-an-ounce of
Nelson's Gelatine in half-a-pint of water; add a quarter of a pound of sugar, dissolve, and
clear the jelly with the whites and shells of two eggs in the usual way. Flavour with Nelson's
Essence of Vanilla after the jelly has been through the bag.

When a clear jelly is not required, the cocoa can be made of Schweitzer's Cocoatina, double
the quantity required for a beverage being used. Mix this with half-an-ounce of Nelson's Gelatine
and flavour with vanilla.

ORANGES FILLED WITH JELLY.

Cut a small round from the stalk end of each orange, and scoop out the inside. Throw the skins
into cold water for an hour to harden them, drain, and when quite dry inside, half fill with
pink jelly. Put in a cool place, and when the jelly is firm, fill up with pale jelly or blanc-mange;
set aside again, and cut into quarters before serving. Arrange with a sprig of myrtle between
each quarter. Use lemons instead of oranges if preferred.

ORANGE FRUIT JELLY.

Boil half-a-pound of lump sugar in a gill of water until melted. Stir in half-an-ounce of Nelson's
Gelatine previously soaked in a gill of cold water; when it is dissolved beat a little, and
let it stand until cold. Rub four lumps of sugar on the peel of two fine oranges, so as to
get the full and delicate flavour; add this sugar with the juice of a lemon and sufficient
orange juice strained to make half-a-pint to the above. Beat well together, and when on the
point of setting, add the fruit of two oranges prepared as follows: Peel the oranges, cut away
all the white you can without drawing the juice, divide the orange in quarters, take out seeds
and all pith, and cut the quarters into three or four pieces. Mix these with the jelly, which
at once put into a mould, allowing it to stand a few hours before turning out.

APPLE JELLY.

Take one pound of apples, peel them with a sharp knife, cut them in two, take out the core,
and cut the fruit into small pieces. Place the apples in a stewpan, with three ounces of lump
sugar, half-a-pint of water, a small teaspoonful of Nelson's Citric Acid, and six drops of
Nelson's Essence of Lemon. Put the stewpan on the fire, and boil the apples till they are quite
tender, stirring occasionally to prevent the fruit sticking to the bottom of the pan; or the
apples can be steamed in a potato-steamer, afterwards adding lemon-juice and sugar. Soak an
ounce of Nelson's Gelatine in a gill of cold water, dissolve it, and when the apples are cooked
to a pulp, place a hair sieve over a basin and rub the apples through with a wooden spoon;
stir the melted Gelatine into the apples, taking care that it is quite smoothly dissolved.
If liked, colour part of the apples by stirring in half a spoonful of cochineal colouring.

Rinse a pint-and-a-half mould in boiling water, and then in cold water; ornament the bottom
of the mould with pistachio nuts cut in small pieces, or preserved cherries, according to taste.
