At a time when the general dissatisfaction and fervor are prompted by the works of those interested in instilling a dangerous class and divisional acrimony and enmity among people, I would ask the universities and colleges to ring the alarm bell for the sake of American brotherhood and fraternal dependence.
I demand that our universities and colleges declare the laws and the operations of national laws, which people are deceived into thinking can be changed by their voting, unchangeable, unshakable and beyond the power of politics.
In case, people ask for unfair and improper individual portions of the government resources and demand other areas that belong to the people of country as their prizes for serving the party and self centered reasons, then it is time for the our universities and colleges to prevail on the people to give up their unfair claims on the party spoils and, instead, call upon them to show unselfish and nationalistic love and loyalty for their government, whose clean function ensures that its people are given their due portion of protection and wealth that it  has in its capacity.
The institution and organization which are religious and moral in nature are, hereby, urged by me to send people and messages to proudly acknowledge God, and spread His digression and interposition in matters concerning men and require them to be dutiful to His laws so that it helps and puts us on the road to national perpetuity and prosperity.
--GROVER CLEVELAND, delivered at the Princeton Sesqui-Centennial, 1896.   
EULOGY OF LEE
A great concern for others is the basis of all real bravery and heroic deeds.  The ultimate articulation of true heroism is giving up or eschewing. When somebody boasts of being a hero, it tmakes the world doubt him. But we acknowledge and bow to a real hero when we know in our hearts that he is indeed a true hero and welcome him with adoration and awe, for we see that a strong, upright, true, and brave man is the best of God’s creation. Robert lee was one of that kind of hero whose assured safety to us and to mankind. We see him refusing to accept the command of the federal army and to lead the fight and be part of the problems and woes of his people and later acknowledging that it was his mistake that resulted in the big disaster just before Gettysburg and then taking command and directing his men in difficult times of combat, and then taking the burden of conquest without grudging, complaining and denying wealth, and instead chose to coach the young people of his country the ways of duties and all the while he was shy and gallant and selfless. He showed greatness, when he was leading his few and tired as they marched ahead everyday and spent nights in bloodied fields, to be bloodied again the next day, as he showed it in leading a peaceful day to day civil life. And now he has gone from us forever. You are wrong to think that his only remains are the dust under the marble stone. In fact they live on as time tells, as they emerge from depth of time as the prizes of the terrible wars fought, won or lost by collapsed kingdoms or estates, for it is the names of those who brave sacrificed theirs for sake of his fellow beings for love and fear of God that are revered and prized as the present shows us by bowing by his grave.
