
    When popular discontent and passion are stimulated by the arts
    of designing partisans to a pitch perilously near to class
    hatred or sectional anger, I would have our universities and
    colleges sound the alarm in the name of American brotherhood and
    fraternal dependence.

    When the attempt is made to delude the people into the belief
    that their suffrages can change the operation of national laws,
    I would have our universities and colleges proclaim that those
    laws are inexorable and far removed from political control.

    When selfish interest seeks undue private benefits through
    governmental aid, and public places are claimed as rewards of
    party service, I would have our universities and colleges
    persuade the people to a relinquishment of the demand for party
    spoils and exhort them to a disinterested and patriotic love of
    their government, whose unperverted operation secures to every
    citizen his just share of the safety and prosperity it holds in
    store for all.

    I would have the influence of these institutions on the side of
    religion and morality. I would have those they send out among
    the people not ashamed to acknowledge God, and to proclaim His
    interposition in the affairs of men, enjoining such obedience to
    His laws as makes manifest the path of national perpetuity and
    prosperity

    --GROVER CLEVELAND, delivered at the Princeton
    Sesqui-Centennial, 1896.

    EULOGY OF LEE

    (Extract)

    At the bottom of all true heroism is unselfishness. Its crowning
    expression is sacrifice. The world is suspicious of vaunted
    heroes. But when the true hero has come, and we know that here
    he is in verity, ah! how the hearts of men leap forth to greet
    him! how worshipfully we welcome God's noblest work--the strong,
    honest, fearless, upright man. In Robert Lee was such a hero
    vouchsafed to us and to mankind, and whether we behold him
    declining command of the federal army to fight the battles and
    share the miseries of his own people; proclaiming on the heights
    in front of Gettysburg that the fault of the disaster was his
    own; leading charges in the crisis of combat; walking under the
    yoke of conquest without a murmur of complaint; or refusing
    fortune to come here and train the youth of his country in the
    paths of duty,--he is ever the same meek, grand, self-sacrificing
    spirit.
    Here in the calm repose of civil and domestic duties, and in
    the trying routine of incessant tasks, he lived a life as high
    as when, day by day, he marshalled and led his thin and
    wasting lines, and slept by night upon the field that was to
    be drenched again in blood upon the morrow. And now he has
    vanished from us forever. And is this all that is left of
    him--this handful of dust beneath the marble stone? No! the
    ages answer as they rise from the gulfs of time, where lie the
    wrecks of kingdoms and estates, holding up in their hands as
    their only trophies, the names of those who have wrought for
    man in the love and fear of God, and in love--unfearing for
    their fellow-men. No! the present answers, bending by his
    tomb.
