Wasn't it the Capital? Mr.Tucker is never in the least much vulgar and is very funny! The fact that there are girls in the room is really forgotten by some new comic singers.--(My love, Lily, just go and see if your uncle is coming down).--Mr.Carew, I assure you that i was staying in a country house last year--mind, No names were given by me--where the songs only fit for a music-hall!! It's absolutely true; hearing such things in a drawing room made even George feel qu8ite red. But, like i said, Mr.Tucker is very different, such a genuine humour."

If our conversation hadn't been interrupted by Miss Latouche, it would be quite impossible to predict how long my amiable hostess would have rippled on in this strain.

"Have you been introduced?" Mrs. Maitland whispered; and she called out merrily without waiting for an answer."My dear Irene, you must positively come and fantasy Mr.Carew. He will avoid early rising if he realises it is always to mean a tete-a-tete with an old woman!"

To my surprise, Miss Latouche replied in the same jesting tone, and taking the vacant seat which was next to mine just beegan to talk in the most friendly way one could imagine. Not a trace of eccentricity was perceptible in her manner. She was almost a handsome girl, with a strong sense of originality. I began to suspect the proof of my senses. Surely i must have been experiencing some hallucination last night.It was very easy  to believe that I had been a dupe of some portentous nightmare than any charming girl shoul have enacted such a strange part.

Before finishing breakfast I was certain that I had taken a very exaggerated view of the situation. It would be pity to avoid a pleasant visit and risk offending some of my oldest friends on such purely fanciful grounds. I just remembered that i had give a holiday to my cook and that if i go home i should depend on the culinary skill of a charwoman. This last consideration convinced me. I settled to stay.

Nothing led me to regret my decision in Miss Latouche's behaviour. On the contrary, at the end of a few days we were firm friends. The better I came to know about her the greater became my admiration of her beauty and talents; and , without vanity, I hope i should say that she preffered me over the other guests, who were mostly very ordinary types of modern young men. The frantasy impressions of the first evening almost faded from my mind, when they were suddenly revived in all their intensity by the following incident.

The morning was wet and we were all lolling about the snooker-room in various stages of boredom. Some of the more energetic members of the party had been out at dawn, cub hunting, and returned wet through just as we finished breakfast, in time ti increase their small quota of grumbling to tghe general bulk of discontent. Mrs. Maitland, after making a fruitless attempt to rally the party spirits , gave up the effort in despair and retired to write letters in her room. The conversation was carried out in fits and starts, whilst from time to time people knocked about the billiard balls in a disultory fashion without showing even a sign of interest in the result of the game.
