So this is the place where the dead were buried by the Western lake by the English soldiers who survived. It is probable that some regretted choosing the shore as the place to bury them. But does it really matter where in the earth or sea they wheir their remains lie? Our maker will ensure our security regardless of the location of our remains.

The path taken by Indians and provincials that Bradstreet left to mark the way is identified by many markers dropped at periodic intervals. Some dirt-covered bayonets was laid at the base of a tree, possibly forgotten, or maybe left there because it became too much of a burden to carry on the arduous journey. In a tree's fork, a musket barrel was found under some wood growth. Laid nearly vertically, over time, the tree's growth had completely covered it. A peck or more of gun-flints were dug up from the higher back side of the lake, along with some bayonets and a sword. Further back, some coins from England and France dating back to 1714 were discovered, and at another site, some pennies from 1749 and a silver teaspoon were found. These things probably fell out of knapsacks and thrown-away clothing.

Discoverers find new artifacts yearly that are washed up by waves from the cliffs or buried in the fields. Many relics are kept by the old professor, diligently exploring the region with a deepness of interest not common in this fast-paced West. When we think about the early journeys, the frequent deaths, the sad occurrences on the shore, and the great woes the provincials faced as they made their way through the woods, we can't help but sense that their story, told by their tangible remains, deserves to be told just as much a great deal of other less important stories that received significant attention in the literature of the time.

As the worthy professor once said: "The correctness of my conclusions will be confirmed by an examination of the peculiar and dangerous character of these localities during a storm, and of the manner in which these vestiges must have been lost; and a more complete comprehension of the terrific scenes attendant on those disasters would thereby be gained, together with a full conception of the horrors of the catastrophe. Few of the present generation know that either of these events have occurred: fewer still are aware of the pecuniary loss and human suffering they involved."

CONSTANCE FENIMORE WOOLSON.

OUR MONTHLY GOSSIP.

A FRIEND OF MY CHILDHOOD.

If I hadn't pulled the bell so hard I think I probably wouldn't have been left waiting a whole twenty minutes for her. My mother's servant, her job was to answer the door and wait on the table at dinner, the former being the more troublesome one. Thinking back how I did over the eighteen year period, I must admit that she was right to make me wait when I impatiently kept ringing the doorbell until she came. Yet at the time she was considered to be in the wrong!
