Here, then, the survivors buried their dead comrades, English soldiers left behind, chilled & still, on the shores of the Western lake.

No doubt as the boats started from the point there were some who looked back at the new mound with mournful regret for such a burial-place. But what difference will it make when the earth & sea give up their dead? He who made us will keep us in safety, no matter where they lie.

The route of the provincials & Indians left by Bradstreet to find their way by land is marked by various objects dropped at the beginning or soon after. 

A stack of bayonets covered with soil & rubbish was found piled systematically at the foot of a tree, forgotten perhaps, or else left behind as heavy for the long journey. A musket barrel was also found enclosed in a fork of a tree by the growth of the wood: it had been placed in an inclined position, & had remained undisturbed until the tree had enveloped it. A lot of gun-flints, a peck or more, were ploughed up on the high ground back of the lake, as well as a sword & bayonets. Farther on, Spanish & English coins bearing the date of 1714 were found, & in another area a silver teaspoon & some pennies of 1749: these articles were probably thrown down in discarded clothing or knapsacks.

Every year discoveries are made on articles thrown up by the wind, washed out of the cliffs or ploughed up in the fields. Lots of of these relics are in the possession of the silver-haired professor, who has studied the localities & invested the point with a legendary interest rare in this busy West. When they recall the early date of these expeditions, the great loss of life, the tragic scenes on the shore, & the terrible journey of the provincials through the forest, they must feel that the story with its silent illustrations is as worthy of a place in American history as lots of other events of less interest, whose minutest details have been described over & over again in the current literature of the day.

In the words of the venerable professor: "The correctness of my conclusions will be confirmed by an examination of the peculiar & dangerous character of these areas in the work of a storm, & of the manner in which these vestiges must have been lost; as well as a more complete comprehension of the terrific scenes attendant on those disasters would thereby be gained, together with a full conception of the horrors of the catastrophe. Few of the present generation know that either of these events have occurred: fewer still are aware of the pecuniary loss & human suffering they involved."

CONSTANCE FENIMORE WOOLSON.

OUR MONTHLY GOSSIP.

A FRIEND OF MY CHILDHOOD.

I suppose I must have pulled the bell hard that day, for otherwise I don't think he would have kept me waiting twenty minutes, as he did. She was only my mother's servant-woman, whose duty was to wait on the dinner-table & the door, and latter function being the more burdensome one. Looking back at my conduct over the lapse of 18 years, I am disposed to acknowledge that he was right in the abstract in punishing the thoughtless impatience which made me keep the door-bell on a continuous ring till I was let in. But how wrong did the event show her!
