Here, then, the survivors
buried their dead comrades, English soldiers left behind, cold and still, on the shores of
the Western lake. No doubt as the boats started from the point there were some who looked back
at the new mound with sad regret for such a burial-place. But what difference will it make
when the earth and sea give up their dead? He who made us will keep us in safety, no matter
where we lie.

The route of the provincials and Indians left by Bradstreet to find their way by land is marked
by various objects dropped at the start or soon after. A stack of bayonets covered with soil
and rubbish was found piled systematically at the foot of a tree, forgotten perhaps, or else
left behind as too heavy for the long journey. A musket barrel was also found enclosed in a
fork of a tree by the growth of the wood: it had been placed in an inclined position, and had
remained undisturbed until the tree had completely enveloped it. A number of gun-flints, a
peck or more, were ploughed up on the high ground back of the lake, also a sword and bayonets.
Farther on, French and English coins bearing the date of 1714 were found, and in another locality
a silver teaspoon and some pennies of 1749: these articles were probably thrown down in discarded
clothing or knapsacks.

Every year discoveries are made of articles thrown up by the waves, washed out of the cliffs
or ploughed up in the fields. Many of these relics are in the possession of the silver-haired
professor, who has studied the localities and invested the point with a legendary interest
rare in this busy West. When we recall the early date of these expeditions, the great loss
of life, the tragic scenes on the shore, and the terrible journey of the provincials through
the forest, we must feel that the story with its silent illustrations is as worthy of a place
in American history as many other events of less interest, whose minutest details have been
described over and over again in the current literature of the day.

In the words of the venerable professor: "The correctness of my conclusions will be confirmed
by an examination of the peculiar and dangerous character of these localities during a storm,
and of the manner in which these vestiges must have been lost; and a more complete comprehension
of the terrific scenes attendant on those disasters would thereby be gained, together with
a full conception of the horrors of the catastrophe. Few of the present generation know that
either of these events have occurred: fewer still are aware of the pecuniary loss and human
suffering they involved."

CONSTANCE FENIMORE WOOLSON.

OUR MONTHLY GOSSIP.

A FRIEND OF MY CHILDHOOD.

I suppose I must have pulled the bell very hard that day, for otherwise I don't think she would
have kept me waiting twenty minutes, as she did. She was only my mother's servant-woman, whose
duty was to wait upon the dinner-table and the door, the latter function being the more onerous
one. Looking back at my conduct over the lapse of eighteen years, I am disposed to acknowledge
that she was right in the abstract in punishing the inconsiderate impatience which made me
keep the door-bell upon a continuous ring till I was let in. But how wrong did the event prove
her!
