This definitely shows that the view that the regulation of the brute sexual appetite was initiated by women. So it shows that their actions are exemplary of womoankind from the earliest days of savagery to the civilzation of modern day.

In addition, further evidence of the acceptance of this view is the way by which new husbands came into the group. They were brought by the women, in direct oppostion to the will and knowledge of thier patriarch. Among the primitive tribes there is a custom that allows the suitors to visit thier brides in secret. I refer to secret sexual meetings between man and wife hidden by the night. This is one of the earliest forms of marriage and is closely connected to the maternal system of the family. There appears to be no cause for this precaution. I do not belive that it can be explained by the supersitions the sexes have of each other, which is manifested in this form of sexual taboo. Although it is a factor in the continuation of the custom, it does not seem to be the true explination of its origin. These hidden meetings had to have happened if the daughters of the group defied the partriarch, like I believe they did. Is the custom as it exists be a survival, reenforced by supersitions, from a time when these visits were necessary for safty?[38]

[38] Mr. Atkinson mentions these types of marriages, but does not connect the custom with the actions of any of the young women.

Mr. Atkinson's view differs from my own. He gives no power to the women. He belives that the women would be left with out husbands after the passing of the patriarch. Thier suitors would be brought in by thier brothers. We are supposed to believe they did so to ease the burden on themselves of their widowed sisters and prevent them from being captured and carried off by other groups. According to Mr. Atkinson, these outside lovers would not endanger the family's peace. They would come from the neighboring groups that the brothers had captured their wives from and thus remove challange to the marital rights of the new comers. I disagree that the brothers had to feed and maintain their sisters, such an opinion is just another example of the underapprciation of the women's side of the equation. I admit that the sisters may have had assistance from their borthers; though I believe that that this was not necessary.
