Now this surely points to the
acceptance of the view that the regulation of the brute sexual appetite was initiated by the
women. Thereby, it may be pointed out, their action merely resembles womankind in any stage
from the lowest degree of savagery to the highest stage of civilisation.

Moreover, there is further proof that points strongly to the acceptance of this view, that,
the new departure, by which young husbands came into the group, was brought about by the women,
in opposition to the knowledge and will of the patriarch. There exists a common custom among
primitive tribes, which affords evidence of these outside suitors having visited their brides
in secret. I refer to the practice by which intercourse between the husband and wife is carried
on clandestinely by night. This is one of the earliest forms of marriage, and, further, it
is closely connected, as I shall presently show, with the maternal family system. There appears
to be no real cause for this precaution. I do not think it can be explained by the superstitious
dread of the sexes for each other, expressing itself in this form of sexual taboo; as Mr. Crawley
and other writers suggest. Doubtless this is a factor, and a very powerful one, in the continuance
of the custom, but it does not seem to me to be the true explanation of its origin. Such secrecy
and clandestine meetings are, however, exactly what must have happened if the group-daughters
received their lovers, as I would suggest, in defiance of the will of the patriarch. May not
the custom as it still exists be a survival, retained and strengthened by superstition, from
a time when these fugitive visits were necessary for safety?[38]

    [38] Mr. Atkinson refers to these clandestine marriages. He
    does not, however, connect the custom, as I suggest, with any
    action on the part of the young women.

Mr. Atkinson’s view is different from mine. He does not allow any power at all to the women.
He holds that after the death of the patriarch, his daughters, still young, would be left without
husbands. To meet this difficulty suitors are brought from other groups by the brothers, i.
e. the sons settled in the group and who now rule. We are asked to believe that they do this
to relieve themselves of the maintenance of their widowed sisters, and to prevent their being
captured and carried off to other groups. According to Mr. Atkinson the presence of these outside
lovers would not be dangerous to the family peace. They would come from neighbouring groups,
from which the young men had already captured their wives. In this way the strangers would
be the brothers of their women; and thus the brother-and-sister avoidance--the primal law already
established--would prevent any fear of interference with the established marital rights on
the part of the new-comers. I strongly differ from the suggestion that the brothers had to
feed and maintain their widowed sisters; such an opinion is but another example of a failure
to appreciate the women’s side of the question. I allow willingly that the sisters may have
had the assistance of their brothers; I incline, indeed, to the opinion that they would be
strong enough to compel their help, though probably this was not necessary.
