In making the holes for the stove bolts through the thin
rubber, care should be taken to make them sufficiently large to enable the bolt to pass through
without touching the rubber, otherwise the rubber may cling to the bolts, and if they are turned
in their holes the rubber may be torn near the bolts and made to leak. A rough washer, under
each nut, prevents it from cutting into the back-board. For the purpose of introducing air
to, or removing air from, the pad, a three-eighths of an inch lock nut nipple is introduced
through the back-board, the shellacked paper, and its thin paper covering. Without the back-board
a T connects with the nipple. One of its branches leads, by a rubber tube, to the pressure
gauge, which is a U-tube of glass containing mercury. The other branch has upon it an ordinary
plug cock, and, beyond this, a rubber tube terminating in a glass mouth-piece. When it is desired
to inflate the air-cushion, it is only necessary to blow into the mouth-piece. A pressure of
one inch of mercury is sufficient for any work that I have yet undertaken. With particularly
good paper, a lower pressure is sufficient. Upon the top of the pad is laid a piece of common
cotton flannel with the nap outward, and with its edges tacked along the under edge of the
back-board. The cotton flannel is not drawn tight across the top of the pad. The reason for
employing a cotton flannel covering is this: When the sheet rubber has been exposed for a few
days to the strong sunlight, it loses its strength and becomes worthless. The cotton flannel
is a protection against the destruction of the rubber by the sunlight. I first observed this
destruction while experimenting with a cheap and convenient form of gauge. I used, as an inexpensive
gauge, an ordinary toy balloon, and I could tell, with sufficient accuracy, how much pressure
I had applied, by the swelling of the balloon. This balloon ruptured from some unknown cause,
and I made a substitute for it out of a round sheet of thin flat rubber, gathered all around
the circumference. I made holes about one-quarter of an inch apart, and passing a string in
and out drew it tight upon the outside of a piece of three eighths of an inch pipe, I then
wound a string tightly over the rubber, on the pipe, and found the whole to be air-tight. This
served me for some time, but one day, on applying the pressure, I found a hole in the balloon
which looked as if it had been cut with a very sharp knife. That it had been so cut was not
to be imagined, and on further examination I found that the fracture had occured at a line
which separated a surface in the strong sunlight from a surface in the shade, at a fold in
the rubber. I saw that all of the rubber which had been continuously exposed to the intense
sunlight had changed color and had become whiter than before, and that that portion of the
balloon had lost its strength. I then returned to the use of the mercury gauge, and took the
precaution to cover my pad with cotton flannel, as a protection from the light and from other
sources of destruction. This pad is upon the roof of the Institute; and is exposed to all weathers.
As a protection from the rain and the snow, the whole is covered again with a rubber blanket.
