The lang sheep hae the short woo, and the short sheep hae the lang thing; and these are just
kind o' names we gie them like." Mr. Scott could not preserve his grave face of strict calculation;
it went gradually away, and a hearty guffaw followed. When I saw the very same words repeated
near the beginning of the Black Dwarf, how could I be mistaken of the author? It is true, Johnnie
Ballantyne persuaded me into a nominal belief of the contrary, for several years following,
but I could never get the better of that and several similar coincidences.

The next day we went off, five in number, to visit the wilds of Rankleburn, to see if on the
farms of Buccleuch there were any relics of the Castles of Buccleuch or Mount-Comyn, the ancient
and original possession of the Scotts. We found no remains of either tower or fortalice, save
an old chapel and churchyard, and a mill and mill-lead, where corn never grew, but where, as
old Satchells very appropriately says,

  Had heather-bells been corn of the best,
  The Buccleuch mill would have had a noble grist.

It must have been used for grinding the chief's blackmails, which it is known, were all paid
to him in kind. Many of these still continue to be paid in the same way; and if report says
true, he would be the better of a mill and kiln on some part of his land at this day, as well
as a sterling conscientious miller to receive and render.

Besides having been mentioned by Satchells, there was a remaining tradition in the country,
that there was a font stone of blue marble, in which the ancient heirs of Buccleuch were baptized,
covered up among the ruins of the old church. Mr. Scott was curious to see if we could discover
it; but on going among the ruins we found the rubbish at the spot, where the altar was known
to have been, digged out to the foundation,--we knew not by whom, but no font had been found.
As there appeared to have been a kind of recess in the eastern gable, we fell a turning over
some loose stones, to see if the font was not concealed there, when we came upon one half of
a small pot, encrusted thick with rust. Mr. Scott's eyes brightened, and he swore it was an
ancient consecrated helmet. Laidlaw, however, scratching it minutely out, found it covered
with a layer of pitch inside, and then said, "Ay, the truth is, sir, it is neither mair nor
less than a piece of a tar pat that some o' the farmers hae been buisting their sheep out o',
i' the auld kirk langsyne." Sir Walter's shaggy eyebrows dipped deep over his eyes, and suppressing
a smile, he turned and strode away as fast as he could, saying, that "We had just rode all
the way to see that there was nothing to be seen."

I remember his riding upon a terribly high spirited horse, who had the perilous fancy of leaping
every drain, rivulet, and ditch that came in our way; the consequence was, that he was everlastingly
bogging himself, while sometimes his rider kept his seat despite of his plunging, and at other
times he was obliged to extricate himself the best way he could. In coming through a place
called the Milsey Bog, I said to him, "Mr. Scott, that's the maddest deil of a beast I ever
saw. Can ye no gar him tak a wee mair time? He's just out o' ae lair intil another wi' ye."
