"The lang sheep hae the short woo, and the short sheep hae the lang thing; and these are just kind o' names we gie them like."  Mr. Scott found it hard to keep a straight face.  It slowly fell, and was followed by a mighty laugh.  I had seen those words written at the start of the Black Dwarf - how could I not have known who the author was?  I had be led to believe the thing by that Johnnie Ballantyne, and continued to believe for several years.  I don't know how I never caught on.

The next day, we went out in groups of five to Rankleburn.  There were supposed to be remains there on the Buccleuch farms, but we never found the ancient castles we expected.  There was an old chapel, and accompanying church yard, and a mill with a mill-lead that never grew corn.  We decided it had been used to grind the grain of the chief.  If everything we've heard is correct, he was likely the best miller in his land, and the most kind.

There was a tradition in the country, one that still stood after all this time; covered up somewhere in the ruins of the old church was a font made of blue marble, where all the ancestral heirs of Buccleuch were baptized.  Mr. Scott wondered if we would find it, but when we went to look for it, all we found was a hole in the foundation where the font was meant to have been - someone must have removed it, but we still don't know who.  There was some loose rubble by the eastern wall, and we hoped to find the font there, but instead we found one half of a small pot, thickly rusted over.  Laidlaw scratched at it, and found the inside was coated with a layer of tar.  "Ay, the truth is, sir," he said, "it is neither mair nor less than a piece of tar pat."  Sir Walter furrowed his shaggy brow, and walked away as fast as possible.  "We came all this way to see that nothing was here to be seen," he said over his shoulder.

I clearly recall watching him ride out on his horse - it was an animal of high spirits, and had the frightening habit of jumping over every obstacle in its path, be it a great mound or a tiny ditch.  As a result, while he sometimes managed to stay on the horse, more often than not he was needing to dig himself out of any variety of sticky situations.  In riding through the Milsey Bog, I once tried to convince Mr. Scott to convince his horse to take his time through the marshy lands.
