"Please inform me, young lady, what has caused you to travel such a long distance, and the reason for having taken such an extended period of time before coming to me to discuss this? May I help you in some way? Can you provide me with a note of reference from someone where you live?"

"No, kind sir, I have not brought any references. There is nothing I require from you, and there is absolutely no reason for me to obtain references from the good male citizens back home. I would prefer that none of them have knowledge of my journey to meet you here in Marseilles. If they knew, they would consider me conceited, and think I was trying to make myself appear to be something more than I am, by making an appointment with a celebrity. No, no, I wouldn't want that!"

"Well, tell me what's on your mind."

"Not a thing, kind sir."

"I don't believe you, my dear. Why would you travel 48 hours from Aix to Marseilles, then sit around all day long since I couldn't see you until this evening, especially when you have to turn around and go back tomorrow?"

"Nevertheless, sir, that's how it is. I'm sure you think I'm an airhead, however...I really don't have anything to say, and I wouldn't allow the folks in Aix to know I came here, not for a million dollars."

"I'm convinced you have a hidden motive that brought you here - it's not like you to flutter around without a thought like a social butterfly. You seem smart and thoughtful to me. Think carefully. What caused you to behave the way you have, travelling on the diligence to meet with me? Huh!"

"Oh my," she said, and smoothed her face with her palms in an attempt to brush off the red glow of her embarrassment. The black lengthy ringlets of her hair were damp with sweat, and she tucked a few strands behind her ears. "A thought has possessed me, to the point that I have been awake for days on end. Reine, I finally told myself, you have to get to the bottom of this. Just keep your mouth shut, close up the store Saturday after work, like you always do, and get a ticket for night passage, so you can be in Marseilles by Sunday. Take yourself to see the man concerned, and then you can be back at the shop on Monday bright and early. That will be the end of it, and you will have fulfilled your desire, without any of the other townsfolk having the slightest notion that you have stepped beyond your usual boundaries."

"Well then, why in the world were you obsessed with meeting me? And in what manner did you discover how to find me?"

"As it happened, sir, there was a man in Aix who favored me. I sew frocks for his little girls, and before that I worked as a maid in this gentleman's mother's summer home. The whole family is gentle and thoughtful. They are from Provence, where the aristocrats have respect for those beneath them. Among those who are rich and those who are poor, everyone shares a kind heart. The daughters in this family knew I adored books, but that I don't have the ability to purchase newspapers or novels. They let me borrow their books, as well as other items they thought I would like, such as fashion sketches, tales by Reboul, the baker of Nimes, Jasmin, the hairstylist of Agen, or kind sir, your biography. Those young ladies realized, sir, that most of all, I adore poetry, especially poems that have the power to make me cry."

"Oh, that's right," I said, smiling. "you are lyrical as the breeze that whispers through Grecian gardens, or the dewdrops that glisten on the leaves of exotic fruit trees."
