Mlle, will you be pleased to tell me why you have come so far, and why you waited so long
to speak with me? Can I be useful to you in any manner? Have you any letter to give me from
any one in your neighborhood?"

"Ah, Monsieur, I have no letter, I have nothing to ask of you, and the last thing in the world
that I should have done, would have been to get a letter from any of the gentlemen in my neighborhood
to you. I would not even have suffered them to know that I came to Marseilles to see you. They
would have thought me a vain creature, who sought to magnify her importance by visiting people
who are so famous. Ah, that would never do!"

"What then do you wish to say?"

"Nothing, Monsieur."

"How can that be? You should not for nothing have wasted two days in coming from Aix to Marseilles,
and should not have waited for me here until sunset, when to-morrow you must return home."

"It is, however, true, Monsieur. I know you will think me very foolish, but ... I have nothing
to tell you, and not for a fortune would I consent that people at Aix should know whither I
am gone."

"Something however induced you to come--you are not one of those triflers who go hither and
thither without a motive. I think you are intellectual and intelligent. Reflect. What induced
you to take a place in the diligence and come to see me? Eh!"

"Well, sir," said she, passing her hands over her cheeks as if to wipe away all blushes and
embarrassment, and at the same time pushing her long black curls, moist as they were with perspiration,
beyond her ears, "I had an idea which permitted me neither to sleep by day nor night; I said
to myself, Reine, you must be satisfied. You must say nothing to any one. You must shut up
your shop on Saturday night as you are in the habit of doing. You must take a place in the
night diligence and go on Sunday to Marseilles. You will go to see that gentleman, and on Monday
morning you can again be at work. All will then be over and for once in your life you will
have been satisfied without your neighbors having once fancied for a moment that you have passed
the limits of the street in which you live."

"Why, however, did you wish so much to see me? How did you even know that I was here?"

"Thus, Monsieur: a person came to Aix who was very kind to me, for I am the dressmaker of his
daughters, having previously been a servant in his mother's country-house. The family has always
been kind and attentive, because in Provence, the nobles do not despise the peasants. Ah! it
is far otherwise--some are lofty and others humble, but their hearts are all alike. Monsieur
and the young ladies knew how I loved to read, and that I am unable to buy books and newspapers.
They sometimes lent books to me, when they saw anything which they fancied would interest me,
such as fashion plates, engravings of ladies' bonnets, interesting stories, like that of Reboul,
the baker of Nimes, Jasmin, the hairdresser of Agen, or Monsieur, the history of your own life.
They know, Monsieur, that above all things I love poetry, especially that which brings tears
into the eyes."

"Ah, I know," said I with a smile, "you are poetical as the winds which sigh amid your olive-groves,
or the dews which drip from your fig trees."
