Miss, will you be pleased to tell me why it has come so far, and why wait so long to talk to me? "I can be useful to you anyway? Do you have a letter that I give to anyone in your neighborhood? " 
"Ah, sir, I have no letter, I have nothing to ask you, and the last thing in the world I would have done would have been to receive a letter from any of the gentlemen in my neighborhood to you. Or even have had to learn that I came to Marseilles to see you. I would have thought a useless, seeking to expand its important to visit people who are so famous. Ah, it never would! " 

"So what do you mean?" 

"Nothing, sir. " 

"How can it be? You should not have lost anything for two days to get from Aix and Marseilles, and should not have waited for me till after dark, when the next day you have to go home." 

"It is, however, it is true, sir. I know you think me silly, but ... I have nothing to say, and not for a fortune would agree that people should know in Aix where I am gone. " 

"One thing led to yet to come - not one of those fools who go from here to there without a reason. I think they are intellectual and intelligent. Reflect. What led to a seat in the diligence and come to see me? Hey! " 

"Well, sir," she said, running his hands down his cheeks as if to erase all blushes and embarrassment, and at the same time, pushing her long black curls, as they were wet with perspiration, beyond their ears, "I had an idea that even allowed me to sleep, day or night, I told myself, Reine, you should be satisfied. You should not say anything to anyone. You must close the shop on Saturday night, while you is in the habit of doing. You must have a place in the coach and go on Sunday night in Marseille. You can go to see that gentleman, and Monday morning can get back on the job. Everything will be more and for once in her life have been accomplished without their neighbors that once seemed for a moment that is exceeding the limits of the street where you live. " 

"Why, however, wants so much to me? How even know I was here?" 

"So, sir, a person came to Aix, which was very kind to me, because I am the tailor of his daughters, having previously been a servant in the country of his mother-house. The family has always been friendly and attentive because in Provence, the nobles do not despise the peasants. Oh, it's a very different way - some are high and humble, but their hearts are all alike. master and the young ladies knew how I liked to read, and I am unable to buy books and newspapers. Sometimes I lend books, when they saw what they believed that interest me, such as figurines, engravings of ladies' hats, interesting stories, like that of Reboul, the baker of Nimes, Jasmin, the barber of Agen, or lord, the story of his own life. They know, sir, that above all things I love poetry, especially that brings tears to my eyes. " 

"Ah, I know I said with a smile," which are poetical as the winds that whistle in the middle of olive groves, or dew dripping from his fig tree. "
