The ancient custom was to kiss on the mouth, that the Pietists have carefully preserved it.There was no other manner of greeting dames in France, Germany, Italy, England; it was the right of cardinals to kiss queens on the mouth, and even in Spain.What is starange is singular is that they had not the same prerogative in France, where ladies always had more liberty than anywhere else, but "every country has its ceremonies," and there is no usage so general that chance and custom have not provided exceptions. "It is a displeasing custom," says Montaigne "and offensive to ladies, to have to lend their lips to whoever has three serving-men in his suite, disagreeable though he be." This custom was, nevertheless, the oldest in the world.

        If it is disagreeable for a young and pretty mouth to stick itself out of courtesy to an old and ugly mouth, there was a great danger between fresh, red mouths of twenty to twenty-five years old; and that is what finally brought about the abolition of the ceremony of kissing in the mysteries . It is what caused women to be confined among the Orientals, so that they might kiss only their fathers and their brothers; custom long since introduced into Spain by the Arabs.

            Behold the danger: there is one nerve of the fifth pair which goes from the mouth to the heart, and hence lower down, with such delicate industry has nature prepared everything! The little glands of the lips, their spongy tissue, their velvety paps, the fine skin, ticklish, gives them an exquisite and voluptuous sensation, which is not without analogy with a still more hidden and still more sensitive part. Modesty may suffer from a lengthily savoured kiss. 

      It is to be remarked that the human species, the turtledoves and the pigeons alone are acquainted with kisses; hence came among the Latins the word columbatìm, which our language has not been able to render. There is nothing of which abuse has not been made. The kiss, designed by nature for the mouth, has often been prostituted to membranes which do not seem made for this usage.

We cannot honestly treat this interesting subject at greater length, although Montaigne says: "One should speak thereof shamelessly:  do we utter 'killing,' 'wounding,' 'betraying,' but of that we dare not speak but with bated breath.

FOOTNOTES:

[11] Or the English--Translator.

LANGUAGES

There is no complete language, which can express all our ideas and all our sensations; their shades are too numerous, too. Nobody can make known the precise degree of sensation he experiences. One is obliged, for example, to designate by the general names of "love" and "hate" a thousand loves and a thousand hates all different from each other; it is the same with our pleasures and our pains. Thus all languages are, like us, imperfect.

They have all been made successively and by degrees according to our needs. It is the instinct common to all men which made the first grammars without perceiving it.
