With sentiments of great esteem and regard, I am, dear sir,
     your affectionate humble servant.[285]

This incident in the lives of Washington and Patrick Henry is to be noted by us, not only for
its own exquisite delicacy and nobility, but likewise as the culminating fact in the growth
of a very deep and true friendship between the two men,--a friendship which seems to have begun
many years before, probably in the House of Burgesses, and which lasted with increasing strength
and tenderness, and with but a single episode of estrangement, during the rest of their lives.
Moreover, he who tries to interpret the later career of Patrick Henry, especially after the
establishment of the government under the Constitution, and who leaves out of the account Henry's
profound friendship for Washington, and the basis of moral and intellectual congeniality on
which that friendship rested, will lose an important clew to the perfect naturalness and consistency
of Henry's political course during his last years. A fierce partisan outcry was then raised
against him in Virginia, and he was bitterly denounced as a political apostate, simply because,
in the parting of the ways of Washington and of Jefferson, Patrick Henry no longer walked with
Jefferson. In truth, Patrick Henry was never Washington's follower nor Jefferson's: he was
no man's follower. From the beginning, he had always done for himself his own thinking, whether
right or wrong. At the same time, a careful student of the three men may see that, in his thinking,
Patrick Henry had a closer and a truer moral kinship with Washington than with Jefferson. At
present, however, we pause before the touching incident that has just been narrated in the
relations between Washington and Henry, in order to mark its bearing on their subsequent intercourse.
Washington, in whose nature confidence was a plant of slow growth, and who was quick neither
to love nor to cease from loving, never forgot that proof of his friend's friendship. Thenceforward,
until that one year in which they both died, the letters which passed between them, while never
effusive, were evidently the letters of two strong men who loved and trusted each other without
reserve.

Not long before the close of the governor's second term in office, he had occasion to write
to Richard Henry Lee two letters, which are of considerable interest, not only as indicating
the cordial intimacy between these two great rivals in oratory, but also for the light they
throw both on the under-currents of bitterness then ruffling the politics of Virginia, and
on Patrick Henry's attitude towards the one great question at that time uppermost in the politics
of the nation. During the previous autumn, it seems, also, Lee had fallen into great disfavor
in Virginia, from which he had so far emerged by the 23d of January, 1778, as to be then reëlected
to Congress, to fill out an unexpired term.[286] Shortly afterward, however, harsh speech against
him was to be heard in Virginia once more, of which his friend, the governor, thus informed
him, in a letter dated April 4, 1778:--

     "You are again traduced by a certain set who have drawn in
     others, who say that you are engaged in a scheme to discard
     General Washington.
