Dear sir,I am your affectionate humble servant regarded with  respect  sentiments.[285]

Friendship of Washington and Patrick Henry is to be appreciated, which  have begun many years ago with its own unique intimacy and of noble deeds. With progress   deep and true intimate friendship between the two men bound them-- probably increased  in the House of Burgesses  with  strength and tenderness, and with but a single episode of hostility, during the rest of their lives. If any one tries to interpret the basis of moral and intellectual habits on which that friendship lasted later career of Patrick Henry, especially after the establishment of the government under the Constitution, and who leaves out of the account Henry's  great depth friendship for Washington, and , will lose an important cords to the perfect naturalness and consistency of Henry's political course during his last years.

 In the parting of the ways of Washington and of Jefferson, Patrick Henry no longer walked with Jefferson. A  violent call for partisan outcry burst against him in Virginia. He was denounced as a political renunciation bitterly because, Patrick Henry was never Washington's follower nor Jefferson's: he was no man's follower. Patrick Henry had a closer and a truer moral tie up with Washington than with Jefferson who always evaluated his thoughts. 

To project the subsequences, we for the time being is not narrating the incident that has just been told in the relations between Washington and Henry. Washington was very slow in confidence building process, who developed love quickly and exited from that easily and never forgot the proof of his friend's friendship.The letters  sent between them until that one year in which they both died were proof of two strong men who loved and trusted each other without reserve.

 Patrick Henry wrote two letters to Richard Henry Lee not long before the close of the governor's second term in office, indicating the cordiality  between these two great rivals in oratory and also expose both on the under-currents of bitterness then prevailing the politics of Virginia, and  Patrick Henry's attitude towards  politics of the nation.

"You are again maliciously stating by a certain set who have attracted others, who say that you are engaged in a scheme to discard General Washington."
