The happiness of this universe or the heaven which would shower upon the people living on earth would surely enter deep into the hearts of the people and gives them a sort of joy that they could not wield. The utmost happiness which would posses the one who are blessed, betrays itself by changing into some holy discontentment, and gives something from its unending heart a pile of uncountable desires, which are decorated by the memory in bright colors and toil due to inborn thirst to achieve. This could be an explanation in the sense of Wordsworth, but certainly not of Chaucer’s.

“And lusty thoughts full of great longings”

This is some thing which is over criticized. But however no criticism could do more justice between two great writers like Chaucer and Wordsworth. If you weigh the power of poetry with a scale it should turn even with a small weight like that of a grain, and even with the weight of a ray of the sun, because they do not weigh ordinary things, but they weigh the spirit. Could anybody say that Wordsworth has not done his job perfectly well? Instead we could mean that all the failure he faced were due to the fact of his and his colleagues trying to do the impossible deeds. We cannot measure its every bit. All we can do is to make the reader compare the verses themselves. Though we compare with a consideration, we feel that modern English cannot be compared to the old English. There is a vibration caused within us in the old version which is not felt in the new. To finalize, we are of the feeling for long that verse is something sacred while the song is meant for inspiration; that all we feel, think, the words and the musical note together comes out of the soul in one work; that translation could not be done naturally; at the same time, that we are supposed to hail such a great poet.

Also consider John Dryden? He is out of criticism for he did not translate any of the works of Chaucer, but he composed everything originally.

If the work of Chaucer blended with that of a translator has the danger of spoiling the whole work. To say, Chaucer has his own charm in his words, which will capture your heart and transform your feelings and melt you along with the flow. This magical divine charm is missing in the modern poetry. But Dryden asserts without fear which will take you in a mood of rejoice. Mr.Horne says that the grand charge to which the translations are amenable is that he has acted upon a false principle. Let it be, because they are hailed in our poetical literature. Mr.Horne considers them to be unfit to read. He also here acts on the false principle and he mistakes everything. But he respects the genius works of Dryden and praises his marvelous achievement. He says that the Dryden’s version of the Knight’s Tale to be read by one of the Virgil’s heroes who walk up and down in a battle field, with a shining spear in his hands which he would throw on his enemies.
