heavenly delight upon in earth  penetrating the soul, stirs in it the perception of its native illimitable capacity for delight. Bliss,  plays traitor to itself, turns into a sort of divine dissatisfaction. Bright with hues which memory has bestowed and brings forth from its teeming and infinite bosom a brood of winged wishes, and restless with innate aspirations. Such is our commentary on the truly Wordsworthian line, but it is not a line answerable to Chaucer's--

"And lusty thoughtès full of gret longinge."

The only criticism that can be tolerated at an intermittent position two such rivals as Chaucer and Wordsworth Is this hyper criticism?. It is  scales that weigh poetry should turn with a grain of dust, with the weight of a sunbeam.From the failure of the work in his hand, he and his colleagues have attempted that which was impossible that Wordsworth has not done his work as well as it was possible to be done? Rather it is inferring. We will not here hunt down line by line. We put before the reader the means of comparing verse with verse. A thoughtful heart of love we have,  made the comparison and feel throughout that the modern will not cannot do justice to the old English. The quick sensibility which thrills through the antique strain deserts the most cautious version of it. The musical breath spring together out of the soul in one creation we fall back upon the old conviction, that poetry is a sacred and song an inspired thing. The feeling, the thought, the word, and  that a translation is a thing not given in resume natural consequently that there is nothing else to be done with a great poet saving to leave him in his glory.

New translators all agree that there are no translations at all of Chaucer.The original and excellent poems of his own, our friend John Dryden  is safe enough. 

A language that is half Chaucer's, is in great danger to be the language of nobody and half that of his renderer. As soon as you have undergone the due transformation by sympathy, carries you effectually with it. But Chaucer's has its own energy and vivacity which attaches you . In the moderate versions that are best done, you miss this indispensable force of attraction. But Dryden boldly and freely gives you himself, and along you sweep, or are swept rejoicingly along.  Mr Horne told, the grand charge to which his translations have  authority, that he acted upon an erroneous principle. Nevertheless, they are among the glories of our poetical literature. Mr Horne's, literal as he supposes them to be are unreadable. His execution betrays throughout the unskilful hand of a presumptuous apprentice,acts on an erroneous principle. But he has "every respect for the genius, and for every thing that belongs to the memory, of Dryden." The fact is, Dryden's version of the 'Knight's Tale' would be most appropriately read by the towering shade of one of Virgil's heroes. Walking up and down a battlement, gleaming spear, to the roll and sweep of his sonorous numbers.
