As she hears the sound she is shown how to make it. Her
father leaves home at the right moment, Lina writes to him, receives and is able to read his
answer, printed like her own in Roman capitals. He sends her a picture book and she is helped
to see how the letters resemble those she has learned and the reading is accomplished.

In England the phonic method best known is probably Miss Dale's. It is very ingenious, the
analysis is thorough and the books are prettily got up, but to those who feel that reading,
though a most valuable tool, still is but a tool and one not needed for children under seven,
the method seems over-elaborate. Much depends upon the teacher but to see fifty children sitting
still while one child places the letters in their places on the board suggests a great deal
of lost time. The system is also so rigidly phonic that it is a long time before a child can
pick up an ordinary book with any profit.

Stanley Hall holds that it is best to combine methods, and probably most of us do this. "The
growing agreement" is, he says, "that there is no one and only orthodox way of teaching and
learning this greatest and hardest of all the arts, in which ear, mouth, eye and hand must
each in turn train the others to automatic perfection, in ways hard and easy, by devices old
and new, mechanically and consciously, actively and passively ... this is a great gain and
seems now secure. While a good pedagogic method is one of the most economic--both of labour
and of money--of all inventions, we should never forget that the brightest children, and indeed
most children, if taught individually or at home, need but very few refinements of method.
Idiots, as Mr. Seguin first showed, need and profit greatly by very elaborated methods in learning
how to walk, feed and dress themselves, which would only retard a normal child. Above all it
should be borne in mind that the stated use of any method does not preclude the incidental
use of any and perhaps of all others."

An adaptation of phonic combined with the word method can be found in Education by Life. It
is simpler than Miss Dale's, and being combined with the word method, children get much more
quickly to real stories. Stanley Hall advocates the individual teaching of reading, and since
Dr. Montessori called every one's attention to this we have used it much more freely, and have
found that once the children know some sounds, there is a great advantage in a certain amount
of individual learning, but class teaching has its own advantages and it seems best to have
a combination. Long since we taught a boy who was mentally deficient and incapable of intelligent
analysis, by whole words and corresponding pictures. Miss Payne has developed this to a great
extent. It is practically an appeal to the interest in solving puzzles. The children choose
their own pictures and are supplied with envelopes containing either single sounds, or whole
words corresponding with the picture. They lay h on the house, g on the girl, p on the pond,
and later do the same with words. They certainly enjoy it, and no one is ever kept waiting.
Sometimes the puzzle is to set in order the words of a nursery rhyme which they already know,
sometimes it is to read and draw everything mentioned.
