I wish them no evil in the world--on the contrary,
will do them every good in my power, and know that they are misled by those to whom they have
given their confidence; but our material, social, and political interests are naturally with
the whites.  Mr. Davis' trial was fixed for the last of this month.  If Judge Chase's presence
is essential, I do not see how it can take place, unless that of Mr. Johnson is to be postponed.
I suppose that will be decided to-day or to-morrow, and then I shall know what to expect. 
I shall not go to Richmond unless necessary, as it is always inconvenient for me to leave home,
and I am not at all well.  Your poor mother is also more ailing than she is ordinarily, in
consequence of a cold she has taken. But it is passing away, I trust.  I must leave you to
her and Mildred for all local and domestic news.  Custis and the boys are well, and 'Powhattie,'
I hope has got rid of the chills.  We hear regularly from Mary and Agnes, who seem to be enjoying
themselves, and I do not think from their programme that they will get back to us till summer.
All unite in much love, and I am always, Your father,

                       "R. E. Lee."

This same month he writes a long letter to his daughter Agnes, who was visiting friends in
Baltimore.  The Annette, Mildred, and Mary he mentions in this letter were the daughters of
Charles Henry Carter, of "Goodwood," Maryland, a first cousin of my father:

                              "Lexington, Virginia, March 28, 1868.

"My Precious Agnes:  I was so glad to receive your letter, to learn that you were well and
enjoying yourself among pleasant friends.  I hope that you will soon get through all your visits
and come home. Your uncle Smith says you girls ought to marry his sons, as you both find it
so agreeable to be from home, and you could then live a true Bohemian life and have a happy
time generally.  But I do not agree with him; I shall not give my consent, so you must choose
elsewhere. I have written to Annette telling her of my alarm for her.  Now that Mildred is
engaged, and she sees how much Mary is in love, I fear she will pick up an Adonis next, so
that she had better run away to the mountains at once.  I am glad that you saw Mr. Davis. 
It is a terrible thing to have this prosecution hanging over him, and to be unable to fix his
thoughts on a course of life or apply his hands to the support of his family.  But I hope a
kind Providence will shield and guide him.  You must remember me to all my friends, the Taggarts,
Glenns, McKims, Marshalls, etc....  As to the young ladies you mention, you must tell them
that I want to see them very much, and hope that they will all come to the mountains this summer,
and not pass us by in Lexington.  When you go to 'Goodwood' and the Eastern Shore, do the same
there for me, and present me to all by name.  Tell sweet Sallie Warwick I think she ought to
come to Lexington, if only to show those babies; but in truth the want to see her more than
them, so she may leave them with Major Poor [her husband], if she chooses.  You must see everybody
you wish and enjoy yourself as much as you can, and then come home.  I told Mildred to tell
you if you wanted any funds you must let me know and where to send them.
