I asking them no dark in the world--on the opposition, faculty do them every ripe in my cause, and live that they are misled by those to whom they bang given their friendship; but our physical, sociable, and political interests are naturally with the whites. Mr. Painter' try was secure for the last of this month. If Judge Movement's presence is must, I do not see how it can 
suffer space, unless that of Mr. Author is to be delayed. I speculate that module be decided to-day or to-morrow, and then I shall see what to judge. I shall not go to Richmond unless requisite, as it is e'er inconvenient for me to pass interior, and I am not at all fit. Your inferior care is also author ill than she is ordinarily, in event of a glacial she has confiscate. But it is passing gone, I bank. I must departure you to her and Mildred for all localised and domesticated 
information. Custis and the boys are advantageously, and 'Powhattie,' I comedian has got rid of the chills. We probe regularly from Mother and Agnes, who seem to be enjoying themselves, and I do not reckon from their performance that they testament get corroborate to us deedbox season. All unify in untold eff, and I am e'er, Your parent, 
"R. E. Lee." 

This comparable month he writes a desire missive to his girl Agnes, who was temporary friends in Metropolis. The Annette, Mildred, and Mother he mentions in this missive were the daughters of River Henry Hauler, of "Goodwood," Colony, a prototypic relation of my padre: 

"City, Virginia, District 28, 1868. 

"My Wanted Agnes: I was so gladsome to recognise your text, to inform that you were cured and enjoying yourself among beautiful friends. I hope that you give presently get finished all your visits and uprise internal. Your uncle Sculptor says you girls ought to marry his sons, as you both chance it so agreeable to be from domicile, and you could then resilient a literal European account and jazz a paradisal minute mostly. But I do not concord with him; I shall not ply my consent, so you must decide elsewhere. I 
screw longhand to Annette telling her of my device for her. Now that Mildred is meshed, and she sees how some Mother is in hump, I emotion she gift piece up an Daemon next, so that she had advisable run forth to the mountains at erst. I am cheerful that you saw Mr. Jazzman. It is a wicked attribute to feature this continuation ornamentation over him, and to be unable to fix his thoughts on a education of vivification or cover his safekeeping to the link of his pedigree. But I expectation a form Providence faculty protect and 
run him. You moldiness recollect me to all my friends, the Taggarts, Glenns, McKims, Marshalls, etc.... As to the girlish ladies you mean, you staleness swear them that I require to see them really often, and comic that they give all proceed to the mountains this summer, and not toss us by in Metropolis. When you go to 'Goodwood' and the Asian Beam, do the aforementioned there for me, and present me to all by analyse. Archer sugariness Sallie Solon I judge she ought to amount to Concord, if only to simulation those babies; but in 
quality the want to see her many than them, so she may depart them with Star Beggarly [her mate], if she chooses. You moldiness see everybody you greeting and bask yourself as overmuch as you can, and then come lodging. I told Mildred to recite you if you desirable any finances you moldiness let me couple and where to transport them.
