What right did he have to come his way to the North and carry away with him the very pride of the island? Were English woman not good enough for his liking, that he needed to come up and take back with him the beloved Sheila Mackenzie, down to the South where her friends and acquaintances could see her no more? The marriage had brought about a change in Mairi, for before the two were wed she had a great liking and admiration for Mr. Lavendar. It made her so happy to see Miss Sheila pleased. She was pleased herself and thanful for him in her heart for having made her cousin and mistress so happy. Perhaps, in fact, Mairi herself had mangaged to in some odd way fall in love with him a little bit herself, not out of desire, but merely by force of example and through sympathy with Sheila; and she quickly began to form good opinions of the English race about not just their looks alone but also their ways. But after Lavendar took Miss Sheila from Borva a change came over Mairi's sentiments. She gradually began to agree with the rest of the islands current opinion-that being, it was a great pity Sheila had not married Mr. MacIntyre of Sutherland, or some other young man whom would have allowed her to remain amongst her own people. Mairi stated to feel as though the English, while handsome and good-natured and also free with their money, were still in a whole other way a selfish race, whom were inconsiderate and forgetful of promises or lacking the loyalty to keep a promise. Either way she began to dislike the English, and wished they would stay to themselves, in their own country, and not interfere with other people.
 
 "I hope he is very well,"said Mairi dutifully: she could at least say that with honesty.

"You shall see him at two o'clock. He will be coming in to a luncheon then; and he knows not at all that you are here. You are to be such a great surprise to him, Mairi. The surpise is going to be even greater still; for we are going to turn one of the rooms at home into a drawing-room; and you must open your boxes, and bring down to me the heather and the peat, Mairi, and then two bottles; and then once you know the salmon is on the table, and the whisky and beer is set out to drink, and the room shall be all set with Bras lying on the hearth-rug, and peat-smoke is all through the air, and then once you come in and shake hands with him, he once again will think and feel as though he is in Borva."

Mairi was a bit confused. She could not figure out what the intention was behind her cousins strange plan. But she went and gathered her materials she had brought with her from Lewis, and Sheila and her got to work.

It was a pleasent enough occupation for the two of them on this sunny morning. Sheila was coming and going from all parts of the house bringing with her all the curiosities sent to her from the Hebrides, as she listend to the sweet sound of Mairi's sweet Highland speech. Sheila seemed to have fancied up a cleaning and decor of that museum like little drawing-room back in Borva. Into the room Mairi brought skins of foxes, seals and deer, stuffed eagles and strange fish, beautiful carvings in wood brought from aboard, tons of coral along with shells of every size from every clime--all these things were brought together into Frank Lavendar's smoking-room. The once ordinary knick knacks along the mantlepiece had given way to fancy arrangements of peacocks' feathers. The final touches of fresh-blown ling and the magnificent spikes of the bell-heather formed the staples of the decorations, all of which seemed to be enough to decor a entire assembly room.

"Always the likes of the Lewis people" Sheila said with a laughter of happiness. "I only asked for one peat, and of course you brought two." How good this felt there with Mairi for she had not been in as happy of a mood for a many of days now.
