It did not care to take
the risk of proving the law of 1820 invalid.  Let it be repealed.  But the thought of explicitly
repealing the Missouri Compromise, which he had been wont to declare inviolably sacred, appalled
him.  He dreaded its effect in Illinois and throughout the Puritanical North, where moral ideas
were annoyingly obtrusive.  The South, though not demanding the repeal of the Compromise, would
surely welcome it with joy and gratitude. The question of expediency was a hard one.

The bill, consisting of twenty sections, was printed on January 2d in the Washington Sentinel.
Again, on the 10th of January, it appeared in the same paper with another section added.  The
new section provided that the question of slavery during the territorial period should be left
to the inhabitants, that appeals to the Supreme Court should be allowed in all cases involving
title to slaves or questions of personal freedom, and that the Fugitive Slave Law should be
executed in the Territories as in the States.  This remarkable change in the form and spirit
of the bill was explained as resulting from an error of the copyist, who had omitted this vital
section from it as originally printed.

On the 16th of January Senator Dixon of Kentucky offered an amendment repealing the Missouri
Compromise.  The next day Sumner gave notice of an amendment affirming it.  The question could
no longer be dodged.  When Dixon's amendment was offered, Douglas, who was greatly annoyed
by it, went to his seat and implored him to withdraw it.  But he refused.  He called upon Dixon
and took him for a drive.  They talked of the Nebraska bill and the amendment. The result of
the conference was that Douglas said to him:  "I have become perfectly satisfied that it is
my duty as a fair minded national statesman, to cooperate with you as proposed in securing
the repeal of the Missouri Compromise restriction.  It is due to the South; it is due to the
Constitution, heretofore palpably infracted; it is due to that character for consistency which
I have heretofore labored to maintain.  The repeal will produce much stir and commotion in
the free States * * * * for a season.  I shall be assailed by demagogues and fanatics there
without stint.  * * * * Every opprobrious epithet will be applied to me.  I shall probably
be hung in effigy.  * * * * I may become permanently odious among those whose friendship and
esteem I have heretofore possessed. This proceeding may end my political career.  But, acting
under the sense of duty which animates me, I am prepared to make the sacrifice.  I will do it."

The bluff Kentuckian was much affected, and with deep emotion exclaimed:  "Sir, I once recognized
you as a demagogue, a mere party manager, selfish and intriguing.  I now find you a warm hearted
and sterling patriot.  Go forward in the pathway of duty as you propose, and, though the whole
world desert you, I never will."

He had now decided on his course.  Cass, who had been forestalled by his alert rival, was understood
to be ready to step into the breach if Douglas faltered.  He was on perilous heights where
a false step would be fatal.  Already a storm of opposition was brewing in the North, which
would surely break upon him with fury if he proposed the repeal.
