He did not want the risk of proving the law of 1820 invalid, but did not mind it being repealed. But he worried about directly repealing the Missouri Compromise, because he had declared it sacred. He especially worried about what would happen in Illinois and in the North, which held strong Puritanical beliefs that were at times obtrusive. The Southern states would welcome the retraction of the Missouri Compromise, although they did not directly demand it. The speed with which it needed to be done was hard to determine.

The Missouri Compromise was printed in the Washington Sentinel on January 2nd and had twenty sections. It was printed again on January 10th with an additional section. This section stated that slavery in the territories would be left to the citizens of the territories, and asked that the Supreme Court take all appeals related to the titles of slaves and questions of personal freedom, and also declared that the Fugitive Slave Law be in effect in the territories as well as the states. This dramatic change in the form and spirit of the Compromise was explained as a printing error - accidentally omitted by the copyist in the original printing.

On January 16th, Kentucky Senator Dixon asked for an amendment retracting the Missouri Compromise. On January 17th, Sumner gave notice of his approval of the amendment. Now, this question could no longer be avoided. When Dixon asked for his amendment, Douglas, annoyed, went to Dixon and asked him to withdraw the amendment. However, Dixon refused to do so. Douglas then called Dixon and took him out for a talk. They discussed the Nebraska bill as well as the amendment. As a result of this talk, Douglas told him: 
"I have become perfectly satisfied that it is my duty...to cooperate with you...in securing the repeal of the Missouri Compromise restriction. It is due to the South...to the Constitution..to that character for consistency which I have heretofore labored to maintain. The repeal will produce much stir and commotion in the free States...This proceeding may end my political career. But, acting under the sense of duty which animates me, I am prepared to make the sacrifice."

Senator Dixon was touched by Douglas's statement, and declared in reply:
"Sir, I once recognized you as...a mere party manager, selfish and intriguing. I now find you a warm hearted and sterling patriot. Go forward in the pathway of duty as you propose, and, though the whole world desert you, I never will."

Now that Douglas had decided on this course of action, Cass became ready to step into power if Douglas failed. Douglas was walking on thin ice, where one misstep would be extremely costly. The North was already waiting in opposition, and would be extremely harsh on him if he supported the repeal.
