There was no serious trouble with the doctrine of the omnicompetent citizen
until the democratic stereotype was universally applied, so that men looked at a complicated
civilization and saw an enclosed village.

Not only was the individual citizen fitted to deal with all public affairs, but he was consistently
public-spirited and endowed with unflagging interest. He was public-spirited enough in the
township, where he knew everybody and was interested in everybody's business. The idea of enough
for the township turned easily into the idea of enough for any purpose, for as we have noted,
quantitative thinking does not suit a stereotype. But there was another turn to the circle.
Since everybody was assumed to be interested enough in important affairs, only those affairs
came to seem important in which everybody was interested.

This meant that men formed their picture of the world outside from the unchallenged pictures
in their heads. These pictures came to them well stereotyped by their parents and teachers,
and were little corrected by their own experience. Only a few men had affairs that took them
across state lines. Even fewer had reason to go abroad. Most voters lived their whole lives
in one environment, and with nothing but a few feeble newspapers, some pamphlets, political
speeches, their religious training, and rumor to go on, they had to conceive that larger environment
of commerce and finance, of war and peace. The number of public opinions based on any objective
report was very small in proportion to those based on casual fancy.

And so for many different reasons, self-sufficiency was a spiritual ideal in the formative
period. The physical isolation of the township, the loneliness of the pioneer, the theory of
democracy, the Protestant tradition, and the limitations of political science all converged
to make men believe that out of their own consciences they must extricate political wisdom.
It is not strange that the deduction of laws from absolute principles should have usurped so
much of their free energy. The American political mind had to live on its capital. In legalism
it found a tested body of rules from which new rules could be spun without the labor of earning
new truths from experience. The formulae became so curiously sacred that every good foreign
observer has been amazed at the contrast between the dynamic practical energy of the American
people and the static theorism of their public life. That steadfast love of fixed principles
was simply the only way known of achieving self-sufficiency. But it meant that the public opinions
of any one community about the outer world consisted chiefly of a few stereotyped images arranged
in a pattern deduced from their legal and their moral codes, and animated by the feeling aroused
by local experiences.

Thus democratic theory, starting from its fine vision of ultimate human dignity, was forced
by lack of the instruments of knowledge for reporting its environment, to fall back upon the
wisdom and experience which happened to have accumulated in the voter. God had, in the words
of Jefferson, made men's breasts "His peculiar deposit for substantial and genuine virtue."
These chosen people in their self-contained environment had all the facts before them.
