There were no serious problems with the doctrine of the citizen democratic omnicompetent to the stereotype was universally applied, so that the man looked at a complicated civilization and saw an enclosed village. 
Not only was the individual citizen equipped to deal with all public affairs, but he was always public spirited and endowed with constant interest. He was public spirited enough in the town, where everyone knew and was interested in everyone's business. The idea of the town enough to easily turn on the idea enough for any purpose, because, as we have noted, quantitative thinking does not fit a stereotype. But there was another around the circle. As everyone was supposed to be interested enough in important affairs, only the subjects came to seem important in which everybody was interested. 

This meant that men formed their picture of the outside world from the images in his head without reply. These images came to them and stereotyped by their parents and teachers, and were little corrected by their own experience. Only a few men had affairs that took them across state lines. Even fewer had reason to go abroad. Most voters lived their whole life in an environment, and with nothing more than a few feeble newspapers, some pamphlets, political speeches, religious training, and rumor to go on, had to conceive of a wider environment trade and finance, of war and peace. The number of public opinion based on any objective report was very small in proportion to those based on the assumption casual. 

And so for many different reasons, self-sufficiency was a spiritual ideal in the formative period. The physical isolation of the municipality, the loneliness of the pioneer, the theory of democracy, the Protestant tradition, and the limitations of political science all converged to make men believe that their own conscience and should take political wisdom. Not surprisingly, the deduction of laws from absolute principles that have usurped much of their free energy. The American political mind had to live on his capital. The body was found legalism-proof standards which the new rules could spin out of work to get new truths of experience. The formulas are so strangely made sacred that all foreign observers have been surprised by good contrast between the dynamic energy practice of American people and the static theorism his public life. The steadfast love of fixed principles was simply the only known way to achieve self-sufficiency. But that means that public opinion in any community about the outside world consisted chiefly of a few stereotyped images arranged in a pattern deduced from their legal and moral codes, and animated by the feelings aroused by local experiences. 

Thus, democratic theory, from its fine view of human dignity ultimately was forced by lack of knowledge tools for reporting of their surroundings, to fall back upon the wisdom and experience was have accumulated in the voter. God had, in the words of Jefferson, made men's breasts "His peculiar deposit for substantial and genuine virtue." These elected members in their self-contained environment had all the facts before them.
