Men looked at complicated civilization and saw an enclosed village,doctrine of the omnicompetent citizen diminished  and the democratic stereotype was universally applied. 

Citizen was public-spirited enough in the township, where he knew everybody and was interested in everybody and was consistently public-spirited and endowed with unflagging public interest individuals qualified to deal with all common affairs. The idea of enough for a locality converted to the idea of enough for any purpose. Quantitative thinking does not suit a stereotype. Since everybody  assumed to be interested  in important affairs only,  those affairs only became  more significant and others were neglected, was another turn to the circle. 


Unchallenged pictures in their heads  formed their picture of the world outside. These stereotyped images came from their parents and teachers. Their own experience were little corrected. Even fewer had reason to go abroad. Most voters lived their almost whole lives in one environment, and surroundings with small variations. Political speeches, their religious training, and rumors etc filled their time. They had to conceive that larger environment of commerce and finance, of war and peace.  Only a few men had affairs that took them across state lines. The number of public opinions based on casual fancy. Any objective report was in proportion to what those based on and was very small. 

Self-sufficiency was a spiritual ideal in the formative period for varying reasons. The physical isolation of the township, the loneliness of the pioneer, the theory of democracy, the religious tradition, and the limitations of political science all converged to make men believe that  to entangle various difficulties political wisdom is required. It is not strange that to hold on  the deduction of laws from absolute principles, much of their free energy was utilized. The American political mind  live on its capitalism theory. In legalism it found a tested body of rules make new rules. This can be made without any relevance to  experience.The formulae became so curiously sacred , foreign observers had been amazed at the contrast between the dynamic  energy of the American people and the static theorism of their public life  . The steadfast love of fixed principles was  the only way known of achieving self-sufficiency. But it meant that the public opinions of any one community about the outer world consisted chiefly of a few stereotyped images. Animated by the feeling aroused by local experiences they are arranged in a pattern of their legal and  moral codes.


Base of democratic theory is from its fine vision of ultimate human dignity. Lack of of knowledge for reporting  draw back of environment  of wisdom. Experience  happened to have accumulated in the voter. God had, in the words of Jefferson, made men's breasts "His peculiar deposit for substantial and genuine virtue." These chosen people in their self-contained environment had all the facts before them.
