He observes the dissimilarity of BERTHE'S case. From the thesis of M. ISNARD, he gives us an account of the disease which corresponds very nearly, indeed, with that of VAN SWEITEN, and with the appearances observed at the Children's Asylum.

"Almost all the infants affected with this disease in the hospitals of Paris," says M. MARJOLIN, "sink under it." He recommends, after VAN SWEITEN, the use of muriatic acid, which he mixes with honey in equal proportions. Thick sloughs he cuts away with a bistouri or with scissors. MM. JADELOT, GUERSENT, and BARON, have employed the actual cautery with success in several instances. M. MARJOLIN has cured three cases; one by the actual cautery, one by caustic potassa, and a third by muriate of soda! which, he believes, will always destroy the foetor. It would be interesting, undoubtedly, to make repeated trials of this simple remedy; and we shall endeavour to do so in cases which admit of delay.

FOOTNOTES:

[1] Vol. I. p. 319, Anderson's edition.

[2] Principles of Surgery; by JOHN PEARSON. Lond. 1788. p. 262, et seq.

[3] Opera omnia. Vol. II. p. 271. In the Loganian Library.

[4] Ibidem.

[5] See CORNELII STALPAART VANDER WIEL Observationes Medico-Anatomicæ. p. 167. Note by the editor, P. STALPAART VANDER WIEL. Amsterdam, 1687. In the Loganian Library.

[6] In the Loganian Library.

[7] Page 193.

[8] Page 217.

[9] Commentaria.--Edit. Lugd. Bat. 1742. Vol. I. pp. 766, 767.

[10] This name may be either from the ancient English or the low Dutch; if the one, by tradition, if the other, from the use of it by medical men. Cancrum is an odd grammatical blunder; being, in reality, nothing but the accusative of Cancer, put instead of the nominative. The latter name was, as is well known, frequently applied by the older surgeons, in a vague manner, to any terrific and unmanageable ulcer; and, in particular, it was often applied to gangrene. The error appears to have been first made by Pearson, and copied by Mr. Cooper. Compare Muys and Vander Wiel, with Pearson, at the above references. About a month previously, she had laboured under an attack of intermittent fever, which yielded, in a few days, to the ordinary treatment. She was 23 years of age, an English-woman by birth, had generally enjoyed good health, and was as well as usual at the time of her confinement. Her labour was strictly natural, and her delivery accomplished without any extraordinary assistance.

At birth there was nothing remarkable about the child. Its breathing was natural, its skin of the usual colour and appearance; in short, all the common indications of a continuance of life and health were present. A few hours, however, after birth, it became uneasy, cried much, and showed signs of colic. The nurse, supposing these symptoms to arise from flatulence, administered some warm tea; but without any apparent advantage. On the following day, I saw it again, and learned, that it had evacuated a considerable quantity of urine, and some intestinal matter, of the ordinary appearance after birth. The spasms continuing at intervals, a teaspoonful of castor oil was ordered, to evacuate any remaining meconium, that might lie in the bowels, producing irritation; upon the presence of which, it was presumed the spasms depended.
