He scrutinizes the discrepancies of Berthe's case. Going through the studies of M.ISNARD he elaborated a complete account of the morbidity which is closely associated with that of VAN SWEITEN and also with the appearances obtained from the Children's asylum.

M.Marjolin claimed that almost all the infants suffering from the disease admitted in the hospital of Paris used to be severely affected by it. He also propogated the use of muriatic acid, as VAN SWEITEN had suggested, which Marjolin amalgamated with honey in 1:1 ratio . Thick sloughs were chopped away with a bistouri or with a pair of scissors. MM.JADELOT, GUERSENT and BARON have previously used the actual cautery with positive results on a number of times. M MARJOLIN managed to successfully treat about three cases one each by actual cautery, caustic potassa and muriate of soda! which he claims to have the added advantage of reducing the foul odour. Certainly the repetition of these experiments of a simple treatment will be interesting and we shall give our best to do so in such patients which admit of delay.

FOOTNOTES:

[1] Vol. I. p. 319, Anderson's edition.

[2] Principles of Surgery; by JOHN PEARSON. Lond. 1788. p. 262, et seq.

[3] Opera omnia. Vol. II. p. 271. In the Loganian Library.

[4] Ibidem.

[5] See CORNELII STALPAART VANDER WIEL Observationes Medico-Anatomicæ. p. 167. Note by the editor, P. STALPAART VANDER WIEL. Amsterdam, 1687. In the Loganian Library.

[6] In the Loganian Library.

[7] Page 193.

[8] Page 217.

[9] Commentaria.--Edit. Lugd. Bat. 1742. Vol. I. pp. 766, 767. 
[10] This nomenclature can be from ancient English or Dutch either by the orthodox people or those enlightened in the field of medicine.Cancrum is a misnomer actually being a accusative of Cancer instead of being something concrete. Cancer is more widely accepted and used in a haphazard manner to any chronic and not resolving ulcers and especially to gangrene. the discrepancy crept in apparently due to Pearson which was picked up by Mr.Cooper. A month back she had put in lots of work regardless of an attack of intermittent fever which was cured by a nominal short term treatment.At 23 yrs of age this English lady was in the pink of health. She had a normal labour without the need of foreceps of undue interventions.
During parturition there was nothing extra-ordinary about the neonate. Respiration was initiated immediately and was normal, skin was pink and all in all the prognosis seemed good. Unexpectedly though with the passage of time the neonate became restless and cried. The nurse assuming it to be flatulence gave some warm tea to no avail. The next day I observed the neonate again and procurred the information that it had micturited a lot and also passed meconium. The intestinal contractions were still present for which a teaspoon of cator oil was given to empty the remaining bowel in the intestines which may be the underlying cause of the spasms.
