We've been here for almost two days, and we still don't know how long we'll have to wait for the drama to start. Which is why we have to be patient, and only occasionally allow our time honored tradition of complaining.

It has taken us ten days in these tiny little boats to get here from Liverpool. I wish I could ask those who disdain us to consider that, when you think about crossing the ocean in a luxury cruise liner. Do you even think about us poor missionaries and the hardships that we endure? I have got to tell you though. When I tell the other passengers on board where I am headed they raise their eyebrows and look politely amused. I took a chance and asked my roommate if she had ever been on Le Petit Nord. Oh how I wish you could have seen her face. I'm sure it would have been the same as if I asked if she had ever been exiled in Siberia! Which is why I decided that it was not in my best interest to be so curious and lust for information. Just in case I learn more than I might want to know. I'll try to write you again when I get on the coastal steamer. I heard that it makes the journey to St. Antoine once ever fortnight during the summer months. Till then, au revoir. 

Run-by-Guess, June 15

The steamer for the north left two whole days before I arrived at the pier at St. John's. So I was stuck there for twelve days. I wonder if all the babies at the Orphanage will die before I arrive on the next boat? Will I take the next boat back and be in England before the coastal steamer comes south to get me? Disagreeing emotions upset my unhappy soul, but "on and always on!"

The rural inhabitants of the island are tremendously proud of the railroad here. Just before my arrival a daily service and been inaugurated. Before now, the passenger trains only ran three times a week. They don't run the trains on Sunday either. With so much time on my hands I thought it would be good to spend some of my free time going across the island and seeing the Southern part of the country. There was a chance I could catch my boat by chance on the return journey. I am compelled by the truth to add that I am wiser, yet sadder woman. I left St. Johns one evening at six o'clock, due to arrive at my destination at eight o'clock the next night. There is no hurry on this train. You can wait calmly and relaxed for a whole hour while a very simple meal is made for you. If you’re not hungry, this is fun interlude in the incessant rush of a busy modern life. But if by chance Nature has given you a moderate appetite, that hour is way to long.

I laid low the first night. I thought it all went well. My fellow passengers showed no signs of there being anything wrong or unusual. Around noon the next day a big and long jolt made the curious among us to look from the window. The luggage car, tender, and engine were derailed. As the speed of the trains on the island never go above twenty-five miles an hour, such little squabbles that occur from time to time didn't ruffle the calmness of those concerned. Accepting the delay I decided to alight and explore the country.
