Therefore it behoves us to possess our souls in patience, and only to indulge at intervals
in the right to grumble which is by virtue of tradition ours. We have already been here a day
and a half, and we know not how much longer it will be before the curtain rises and the first
act of the drama can begin.

These boats are far from large and none too comfortable. We have taken ten days to come from
Liverpool. Think of that, you who disdain to cross the water in anything but an ocean greyhound!
What hardships we poor missionaries endure! Incidentally I want to tell you that my fellow
passengers arch their eyebrows and look politely amused when I tell them to what place I am
bound. I ventured to ask my room-mate if she had ever been on Le Petit Nord. I wish you could
have seen her face. I might as well have asked if she had ever been exiled to Siberia! I therefore
judge it prudent not to thirst too lustily for information, lest I be supplied with more than
I desire or can assimilate at this stage. I shall write you again when I board the coastal
steamer, which I am credibly informed makes the journey to St. Antoine once every fortnight
during the summer months. Till then, au revoir.

  Run-by-Guess, June 15

I landed on the wharf at St. John's to be met with the cheering information that the steamer
had left for the north two days before. This necessitated a delay of twelve days at least.
Will all the babies at the Orphanage be dead before I arrive on the scene of action? Shall
I take the next boat back and be in England before the coastal steamer comes south to claim
me? Conflicting emotions disturb my troubled soul, but "on and always on!"

The island boasts a railroad of which the rural inhabitants are inordinately proud. Just prior
to my arrival a daily service had been inaugurated. Formerly the passenger trains ran only
three times a week. There are no Sunday trains. As I had so much time to spare, I decided that
I could not do better than spend some of it in going across the island and thus see the Southern
part of the country, catching my boat at Come-by-Chance Junction on the return journey. Truth
compels me to add that I find myself a sadder and wiser woman. I left St. John's one evening
at six o'clock, being due to arrive at our destination at eight o'clock the following night.
There is no unpleasant "hustle" on this railway, and you may wait leisurely and humbly for
a solid hour while your very simple meal is prepared. If you do not happen to be hungry, this
is only a delightful interlude in the incessant rush of modern life, but if perchance Nature
has endowed you with a moderate appetite, that one hour seems incurably long.

All went well the first night, or at least my fellow passengers showed no signs of there being
anything unusual, so like Brer Rabbit, I lay low and said nothing. At noon the following day
a slightly bigger and more prolonged jolt caused the curious among us to look from the window.
The engine, tender, and luggage van were derailed. As the speed of the trains never exceeds
twenty-five miles an hour, such little contretemps which occur from time to time do not ruffle
the serenity of those concerned. Resigning myself to a delay of a few hours, I determined to
alight and explore the country.
