All cancers appear and achieve maximum frequency at different times in a human's life. Cancer of the stomach appears and attains maximum frequency before the cancer of the skin. cancer of the uterus and mamma is more frequent towards the decline of reproductive activity than inlater years of life. Rectal cancer is caused mainly in the second and third decades. 

It can be proved that the irritation caused by alcohol and tobacco are primary reasons in the causation of cancer; It is also proved by mdeicine that cancer of the mouth is caused by excessive drinking and smoking.

A cancer can appear as papillary growth on  mucous or skin surface, as nodule in the substance of organs, or as diffuse thickening of tubular organs such as the stomach or intestine. 
Cancerous tumours cannot be defined and that is precisely the reason why it is difficult to completely remove them by surgical measures. This has led to the practice of complete removal of cancerous organs wherever possible.  

The disease often spreads across the boundaries of the affected organ and the epithelial infiltration affects the surrounding parts. In cancer of the breast the disease often extends to the adjoining skin, fat and muscles; in cancer of the lips and tongue, the mindible is also affected, while in cancer of the uterus or intestine the cancer extends upto the investing pertonium.
 
Besides affecting adjacent tissues and organs, cancer can also give rise to secondary growths. These secondary growths are frequently found in the lymph glands nearest to the affected organ. Examples to justify this can be secondary growths in the neck which are caused by the cancer of the lips or tongue or throat; those in the axilla are caused by the cancer of the brast; those along the curvatures of the stomach are cuased by the cancer of the pylorus; and those in the groin are caused by cancer of the external genitals. 

The cancer cells in the lymph vessels can colect so as to fill the lumen and form indurated cords. They may even spread at a rapid rate and give rise to secondary nodules along the lymph vessels. The lymphatic network appears like a multitude of secondary nodules or like diffuse thickening and the skin becomes like coarse leather. When this condition appears on the wall of the chest it is called cancer en cuirasse. 

Though secondary growths begin to form at a comparatively early period, they are rarely detected clinically until late in the course of the disease due to dissimination by the blood-stream.

Many of the cancer cells which are carried away by the blood or lymph stream undergo necrosis and are unable to give rise to secondary growths. Secondary growths are actally a faithful representation of the sturcture of the primary tumor.

Apart from the lymph glands, the chief seats of secondary growths are the liver, lungs, serous membranes, and bone marrow. 

Secondary cancerous growths which develop at a distance from the primary tumor are caused by the dissemination of cancer cells by the blood stream and are called emboli. Examples of emboli are secondary growths in the medullary canal of the femur or secondary growths in the diploe of the skull occuring in advanced cases of cancer of the breast.
