Cancer of
the stomach appears and attains a maximum frequency earlier than cancer of the skin; cancer
of the uterus and mamma is more frequent towards the decline of reproductive activity than
in the later years of life; rectal cancer is not infrequently met with during the second and
third decades. There is evidence that the irritation caused by alcohol and tobacco plays a
part in the causation of cancer, in the fact that a large proportion of those who become the
subjects of cancer of the mouth are excessive drinkers and smokers.

A cancer may appear as a papillary growth on a mucous or a skin surface, as a nodule in the
substance of an organ, or as a diffuse thickening of a tubular organ such as the stomach or
intestine. The absence of definition in cancerous tumours explains the difficulty of completely
removing them by surgical measures, and has led to the practice of complete extirpation of
cancerous organs wherever this is possible. The boundaries of the affected organ, moreover,
are frequently transgressed by the disease, and the epithelial infiltration implicates the
surrounding parts. In cancer of the breast, for example, the disease often extends to the adjacent
skin, fat, and muscle; in cancer of the lip or tongue, to the mandible; in cancer of the uterus
or intestine, to the investing peritoneum.

In addition to its tendency to infiltrate adjacent tissues and organs, cancer is also liable
to give rise to secondary growths. These are most often met with in the nearest lymph glands;
those in the neck, for example, becoming infected from cancer of the lip, tongue, or throat;
those in the axilla, from cancer of the breast; those along the curvatures of the stomach,
from cancer of the pylorus; and those in the groin, from cancer of the external genitals. In
lymph vessels the cancer cells may merely accumulate so as to fill the lumen and form indurated
cords, or they may proliferate and give rise to secondary nodules along the course of the vessels.
When the lymphatic network in the skin is diffusely infected, the appearance is either that
of a multitude of secondary nodules or of a diffuse thickening, so that the skin comes to resemble
coarse leather. On the wall of the chest this condition is known as cancer en cuirasse. Although
the cancer cells constantly attack the walls of the adjacent veins and spread into their interior
at a comparatively early period, secondary growths due to dissemination by the blood-stream
rarely show themselves clinically until late in the course of the disease. It is probable that
many of the cancer cells which are carried away in the blood or lymph stream undergo necrosis
and fail to give rise to secondary growths. Secondary growths present a faithful reproduction
of the structure of the primary tumour. Apart from the lymph glands, the chief seats of secondary
growths are the liver, lungs, serous membranes, and bone marrow.

It is generally believed that the secondary growths in cancer that develop at a distance from
the primary tumour, those, for example, in the medullary canal of the femur or in the diploë
of the skull occurring in advanced cases of cancer of the breast, are the result of dissemination
of cancer cells by way of the blood-stream and are to be regarded as emboli.
