"Yes, a woman. You're questioning me? She met with Sir Horace; Society provides yet another mistress for him. I don't doubt that she had something to do with his return from Scotland."

"When did this happen? What time? he asked, now that she had piqued his interet.

"Last night around ten thirty pm." said the girl.

"And then this dame just turned out the lights and shut the door?

"Well, at first, Fred thought Sir Horace had done it himself, but he was already dead by then. So according to Fred, she did it."

"Hmm, it just doesn't make sense," Kemp mused aloud. "Why was she there in the first place? What kind of person stumbles upon a dead body and doesn't inform the police? She must be a Society woman - that would be good reason to be wary of involving the police."

"She very well could have been the murderer," said the girl.

"Is that what Fred is thinking?" Kemp asked, studying her face for a reaction.

"Fred is realy shaken up and doesn't know what to make of the situation anymore," she replied. "In my opinion it couldn't have been anoyone but this woman or Hill, and I'm leaning toward Hill."

This woman... so much mystery... I don't know what to make of it," Kemp pondered to himself. "She's got to have a cold heart to simply turn out the light after finding a corpse. Are you sure this happened at ten-thirty?

"Yes, that's the time Fred recalls."

"Ok, well tell me how the rest of this story goes. I'm intrigued by the circumstances," he said. "So, Fred was outside, saw the house go dark, then he saw this woman leave?"

"Right," confirmed the girl. "First Fred waited in the garden for thirty minutes to give Sir Horace some time to get ready for bed. Then Fred decided to check on Sir Horace. Hill suggested trying the window on the side of the house. Hill had also given him a plan of the house as an aide. Fred made his way upstairs and through an open door. The light from his flashlight landed on a corner of the room: illuminating the dead body of Sir Horace Fewbanks laying in a pool of his own blood. Fred rushed over to check on him.  He found that the body was warm, but its flaccid state told him he was too late: Sir Horace was dead. Fred told me he couldn't stomach the sight, so he ran out of the house as quick as his legs could carry him.

"We were in shock. The three of us. We were so scared and didn't know what to do. Hill was the first to pull himself together. He started comming up with all these ideas, saying that he didn't think it was likely for the blame to fall on Fred or himself. He said it was just a matter of keeping quiet and not drawing attention to ourselves. He even had the gall to suggest we  write to Scotland Yard and let them know about the murder anonymously. He was convinced that this plan would be better than leaving the body until it was his scheduled turn to check on Riversbrook - you see, Hill had been given the task of watching the manor while Sir Horace was away in Scotland. Because he had already spoken with Fred and I about the murder, Hill knew that he wouldn't be able to keep his story straight when reporting it. He didn't want to let anything slip because he would undoubtedly be questioned. In the end, we wrote a message together, each taking turns writing the individual letters on paper so as to keep the penmanship from being recognized. Then Hill left, promising to mail it on his way home.

"After he'd left, Fred and I continued to think about the events of the day. Then it became clear to me: Hill had murdered Sir Horace and framed Fred for the crime. That was when I had realized that Hill had a plan all along.
