She was a screw steamer with ship's rigging, 237½ feet long, 35½ feet beam, 16 feet draught,
and 1,543 tons burden. Her engines had 400 horse-power, and her armament consisted of 14 pieces.

During the Franco-German war of 1870-71, she was commanded by Captain Weikhmann, and captured
numerous vessels on the French coast. January 4, 1871, she captured the French brig St. Marc,
in the mouth of the Gironde; the brig was sailing from Dunkirken to Bordeaux with flour and
bread for the Third French Division. The Augusta then captured the Pierre Adolph, loaded with
wheat, which was being carried from Havre to Bordeaux. Then the French transport steamer Max
was captured and burned. The French men of war finally forced the Augusta to retreat into the
Spanish port of Vigo, from which she sailed Jan. 28, and arrived March 28 at Kiel, with the
captured brig St. Marc in tow.--Illustrirte Zeitung.

       *       *       *       *       *

IMPROVEMENT IN METAL WHEELS.

In the Inventions Exhibitions may be seen a good form of metal wheel, the invention of Mr.
H.J. Barrett, of Hull, Eng., and which we illustrate.

Fig. 1 is a perspective view of the wheel, Fig. 2 a transverse section, and Fig. 3 a longitudinal
section of the boss. These wheels are made in two classes, A and B. Our engraving illustrates
a wheel of the former class, these wheels being designed for use on rough and uneven roads,
and when very great jolting strains may be met with, being stronger than those of class B design.
The wheels are made with mild steel spokes, which are secured by metal straps in the recesses
cut in the annular flanges on the boss, and by a taper bolt or rivet through the tire and rim.
These spokes can be easily taken out and renewed when necessary by any unskilled person in
a few minutes. The spokes being twisted midway of their length give greater strength to the
wheel and power to resist side strains in pulling out of deep ruts or holes, without increasing
the weight. The bosses and straps are made of malleable iron, in which the metal bushes are
secured by means of a key with a washer screwed up on the front end. They are also fitted with
steel oil caps to the end of the bushes, which are provided with a small set screw, so that
the cap need not be taken off when it is necessary to lubricate the wheel, as by simply taking
out the set screw oil may be poured through the hole into the cap. The set screw also forms
a fulcrum for a key, so that the cap can be taken off or put on when required, as well as a
means of preventing the cap being lost by shaking loose on rough roads. In all hot and dry
climates, the continued shrinking of wood wheels and loosening of the tires is a constant source
of expense and inconvenience. This wheel having a tire and rim entirely of metal does away
with the difficulty, as the expansion and contraction are equal, consequently the tires need
only be removed when worn out, and others can be supplied, drilled complete, ready for putting
on, which can be done by any unskilled person. The wheels of class B design are the same in
principle of construction as those of class A, but they have cast metal bosses or naves, without
loose bushes, and are suitable for general work and ordinary roads where the strains are not
so severe.
