The Augusta was a screw steamer with ship's rigging; Captain Weikhmann was her commander in the Franco-German war of 1870.  Together, in the war, they fought many battles and captured many ships. 

January 4, 1871, the French brig St. Marc was sailing from Dunkirken to Bordeaux to bring supplies to French troops when the Augusta captured the vessel.  Additionally, the French transport steamer Max was taken over and destroyed. The French eventually finally forced her to retreat to the spanish port of Vigo. 

* * * * *

IMPROVEMENT IN METAL WHEELS.

In the Inventions Exhibitions may be seen a good form of metal wheel, the invention of Mr. H.J. Barrett, of Hull, Eng., and which we illustrate.

These wheels are made in two classes, A and B. 
Fig. 1 shows a perspective view,  Fig. 2 illustrates a transverse section, while Fig. 3 depicts a longitudinal section of the boss.  "A" wheels were created for use on rough and uneven roads, making them stronger than those of B design. The wheels are made with mild steel spokes, which are fastened by metal straps in the recesses cut in the annular flanges on the boss.  These spokes can be replaced by anyone within a very short period of time. 

Since the spokes are twisted they giver more power to the wheels and allow them to resist side strains which helps to pull them out of holes or deep ruts.  The bosses and straps are made of malleable iron, in which the metal bushes are fastened with a key with a washer screwed up on the front end. these bosses are also equipped with steel oil caps to the end of the bushes, which are provided with a small set screw.  The set screw also forms a fulcrum for a key, so that the cap can be taken off or put on when required, as well as a means of preventing the cap being lost by shaking loose on rough roads.The way it is designed, the cap doesn't need to be taken off to lubricate the wheel, you just simply take off the screw set and pour oil through the hole into the cap.   In hot and dry climates, wood wheels constantly loosen and shrink which is a reoccurring expense.  Since the wheel has a metal rim this difficulty can be easily avoided as the tires only need to be removed when they have been worn out, not because they have warped in the elements.  The wheels of class B are the same design as A but they have metal encasings to help protect the wheel from the elements and extend their life expectancy.
