It was a screw steamer rigging of the ship, 237 ½ feet long, 35 feet and half beam, 16 feet of water and 1,543 tonnes of cargo. Its engine had 400 horsepower, and its armament consisted of 14 pieces.

Over the Franco-Prussian War of 1870-1871, was commanded by Capt. Weikhmann, and captured many ships on the French Riviera. January 4, 1871, captured the French brig St. Marc, at the mouth of the Gironde, the brig sailed from Dunkirk to Bordeaux with flour and bread in the French third division. The Augusta then captured Adolph Pierre, laden with wheat were transported from Havre and Bordeaux. So the French transport maximum vapor was captured and burned. French men of war eventually forced to resign from Augusta in the Spanish port of Vigo, where he sailed on 28 January to 28 March came to Kiel, with brig San Marc trapped in the trailer .-- Illustrirte Zeitung.

* * * * *

IMPROVEMENT in the wheels of metal.

In Inventions Exhibition can be a good way to metal wheels, invention of Mr. HJ Barrett, of Hull, England, and illustrated.

Fig. 1 is a perspective view of the wheel, Fig. February 1 cross section, and Fig. March 1 in the longitudinal direction of the head. These wheels are made in two classes, A and B. The engraving shows a wheel from the previous class, these wheels are designed for use on rough roads and uneven, and when the big shock strains may prove to be stronger than Class B design spoked wheels are made of mild steel, which are secured by metal straps cut holes in the flanges of the head ring, and a tapered pin or rivet in the tire and rim. These rays can easily be removed and renewed when needed with a unconditional person in minutes. Spokes are bent intermediate along its length to give more power to that wheel and power to resist side strain leaving deep ruts or holes, without increasing weight. Heads and straps are cast iron, which metal bush is secured by a key with a slice of bone in the front. They are also equipped with steel oil caps until the end of shrubs, which bears a small set screw, so the lid must be removed when it is necessary to grease the wheels and only remove the screw fixing oil may be poured through the hole in the lid. Adjusting screw is also a support for a key so that the lid can be removed or placed where needed and as a means to avoid losing the cover struck out on rough roads. In all hot, dry climates, the continued decline of wood wheels and loosening the tire is a constant source of cost and inconvenience. This wheel with tire and rim entirely of metal and finishes with ease, as an expansion and contraction are equal, so tires should only be removed when worn, and others can provide, drilling complete, ready to Brand new, can be done by any not qualified. The wheels of Class B designs are the same, in principle, construction, and in Class A, but heads are cast metal or ships without loose bushes, and is suitable for work in general and ordinary roads, where the strains are not so severe.
