It was 25th August. Captain Perraud of the 17th Colonial Regiment and his men were at war. They were firing on some soldiers who wore red trousers. Upon noticing this, the captain immediately ordered his men to stop firing. To the shock of his men and himself, the men they thought to be British started firing at them. They were in fact Germany carefully disguised! 

Another incident of note on the same day happened at Einvaux. Dr. Millet of the same regiment was attending to the wounds of an injured soldier. His two colleagues and he were trying to lay the man on the stretcher. His back was to the enemy and his work was clearly identifiable; regardless of this, the Germans fired at him from just 300 yards out.

Believe us, &c., 

G.PRESTON, President. ARAMANI HASSLEHOFF, Reportings.
 
Paris, Dec. 17, 1914.
 
FRENCH MAYOR SUSPENDED

[By The Reuters Press.] 

Nancy, Jan 30 – The mayor of a large nearby town was suspended for a fortnight. He was caught shooting at a German plane flying in that area. 

He may have been trying to protect the town, but his actions would mean the complete opposite. By acting in this combative way, the Germans could have easily returned fire and the situation would have gotten a whole lot worse. The authorities of Nancy recognised this and punished the mayor for not thinking through his actions.

The Will To Fight to the End 
By M. Briand, Minister of Justice
Premier Viviani of France delivered to Parliament an address upon the war which attracted worldwide attention. He notified the Germans and Austrians that France will not lay down her arms until she and her allies in such a dramatic fashion that they could then dictate the terms. He addressed the Chamber of Deputies on Dec. 22, and his speech was read at the Senate by M. Briand, Minister of Justice. It talked about the following: 
He mentioned that this was not the first time the parliament was meeting regarding an important policy and this was no different. He said the policy contained only one significant matter – that they fight until Europe is freed and peace guaranteed.

He referred to the meeting of August 4th, where all Frenchmen put aside their qualms and differences which were once thought to be the French weakness. The concerns by all on that day, and the President’s outcry were history in the making. They have made France united and brought about this day, today, possible. He said it was the cry that rose form trenches which have eaten away France’s youth and manhood. 

He further added that Germany was only interested in itself and was intoxicated by a dream of victory. He mentioned that the Germans, before the sudden feeling of nationality by the Frenchmen, denied rights, used force, and flouted history. They tried to get Belgium, a neutral nation, on their side. They were blinded by victory.

Viviani stated that the world would soon come to know of these terrible acts by the Germans and the Germans knew about it too. He said “her Government, learning that it had to reckon with the opinion of the world, has recently attempted to put her conduct in a better light by trying to throw the responsibility for the war upon the Allies”. They tried to hide the truth but it must fail and the world must know about their actions.
