
On the 25th of August, at Einvaux, the Germans fired at a distance of 300 yards at Dr. Millet,
army doctor, belonging to the --th Colonial Regiment, just as, together with two stretcher
bearers, he was attending to a man lying on a stretcher. As his left side was turned toward
them, the enemy could perfectly see his brassard. And, furthermore, they could not mistake
the nature of the work upon which these three men were engaged.

On the same day Capt. Perraud of the same regiment, having noticed that the soldiers of a section
of men upon whom his mitrailleuses were firing were wearing red trousers, ordered the firing
to cease. Immediately this section fired on him and on his men. They were Germans in disguise.

Believe us, &c.,

G. PAYELLE, President. ARMAND MOLLARD. G. MARINGER. PAILLOT, Rapporteur.

Paris, Dec. 17, 1914.

A FRENCH MAYOR'S PUNISHMENT.

[By The Associated Press.]

Nancy, (via Paris,) Jan. 30.--The Mayor of a large township in the vicinity of Nancy has been
suspended from office for a fortnight for shooting at a German aeroplane as it was flying over
his town.

In taking this measure the authorities of Nancy held that a civilian had no right to act as
a combatant, as by so doing he only brought upon the heads of the civilian population severe
reprisals.

We Will Fight to the End

By Premier Viviani of France.

Premier Viviani recently delivered to Parliament an address upon the war which attracted worldwide
attention. Viviani served notice on Germany and Austria that France will not lay down her arms
until she and her allies have won such a victory that they can dictate terms. Premier Viviani's
speech was delivered by himself in the Chamber of Deputies on Dec. 22, while on the same day
the speech was read in the Senate by M. Briand, Minister of Justice. It is as follows:

Gentlemen: This is not the usual communication in which a Government presenting itself for
the first time before Parliament sets forth its policy. Just now there is only one policy--a
relentless fight until we attain definite freedom for Europe by gaining a victory which shall
guarantee peace.

Gentlemen, that was the cry uttered by all when, in the sitting of Aug. 4, a sacred union arose,
as the President of the Republic has so well said, which will throughout history remain an
honor to the country. It is the cry which all Frenchmen will repeat after having put an end
to the disagreements that have so often embittered our hearts and which a blind enemy took
for irremediable division. It is the cry that rises from the glorious trenches into which France
has thrown all her youth, all her manhood.

Before this unexpected uprising of national feeling, Germany has been troubled in the intoxication
of her dream of victory. On the first day of the conflict she denied right, appealed to force,
flouted history, and, in order to violate the neutrality of Belgium and to invade France, invoked
the law of self-interest alone.

Since then her Government, learning that it had to reckon with the opinion of the world, has
recently attempted to put her conduct in a better light by trying to throw the responsibility
for the war upon the Allies. But through all the gross falsehoods, which fail to deceive even
the most credulous, the truth has become apparent.
