He belongs to the aristocracy of learning,--a
poor, penniless aristocracy, it may be, yet one which in Germany yields in point of pride to none.

We proceed to the Professors. It is within the power of all to attain the position of Lecturer
in a university. The diploma once obtained, the farewell-dinner, the comilat, and general leave-taking
over, the man's career has commenced in earnest. If he turn his attention to education, he
may find employment in some of the many schools of the State. Does he look more directly to
the University, he undergoes, when duly prepared on the branches to which he wishes to devote
himself, the Examen Rygorosum, delivers a trial-lecture in presence of his future colleagues,
and is entitled to lecture in the capacity of a Privat-Docent. As such be receives no remuneration
whatever from Government; his income depends upon what he receives from his hearers, two to
six dollars the term from each. All who aspire to the dignity of Professor must have passed
through this stage; rarely are men called directly from other ranks of life,--though eminent
scholars, physicians, or jurists have been sometimes raised immediately to an academical seat.
After a few years, five or more, the Privat-Docent who has met with a reasonable degree of
success may hope for a professorship,--though many able men have remained in this inferior
position for long years, some even for life. If their hearers are but few, they resort to private
lessons, to book-making, anything that will aid them in maintaining their position, always
with the hope that "something must turn up."

The Privat-Docent system, though condemned by some, has been much extolled by many German writers.
It is, say the latter, a warranty for the freedom of teaching, no slight point In a country
where all is subservient to the political rulers, forming men for the professorship, and giving
them a confidence in their own powers, as they must rely exclusively for their support on the
income they receive from their hearers. From among their number are chosen those constituting
the regular faculties; and thus there are ever at hand men ready to fill the highest places
upon any vacancy, men not new or inexperienced, but whose whole life has been one training
for the position they may be called to occupy.

The Privat-Docent may be raised directly to a seat in the faculty, but more generally he passes
through the intermediate stage of Professor Extraordinarius. The Professors Extraordinary receive
no, or at most a very small, income from the State; they are merely titled lecturers, and nothing
more; yet in their ranks, as well as among the more modest Privatim-Docentes, are often found
men of the greatest learning, whose names are known abroad, whose contributions to science
are universally acknowledged, whose lecture-rooms are thronged with students, while the halls
of some of the regular professors may be left empty. No vacancy may have occurred in their
department,--or, as is unfortunately oftener the case, some political reasons may be the occasion
of their non-advancement.

We come to the regular faculty of the university, the Professores Ordinarii. They enjoy the
fullest privileges, are appointed for life, and receive beside the tuition-fees regular incomes.
