Even though he is in the aristocracy of learning it is poor and penniless aristocracy . But it is a position which Germany is proud of.
      When we take in to consideration the position of professors. It is so simple to become a Lecturer in a university. After the completion of diploma he may take education as his career.He can take employment in some of the schools of the state. If he is insisting on an employment in the University he must be duly prepared in the branches in which he want to devote himself, and he have to deliver a trial -lecture in the presence of future collegues.Then he will be entitled to make lecture in the capacity of Private-Docent.But as a Private Docent he will not get any remuneration from the government.The hearers will pay him 2 to 6 dollars from each. All who want to be a professor will have to go through this process. In some rare cases some eminent scholars, physicians or jurist will get a chance to get into the academical seat without passing through such a stage. After five or more years of successful completion of the role of Private-Docent he may be promoted to the professorship. But in some cases even if the person is able he may have to remain in this position for long years , some even for life. If the hearers are less they will turn to other jobs like book making or private tutions in the hope of one day every thing will turn up for good. 
     Inspite of all these disadvantageous some German writers consider it as a warranty for freedom of teaching as they are not bound to anyone other than his hearers.They are not inexperienced or new  to the profession but well trained for a position they cherished to occupy. 
     Some Private Docent may be directly promoted to the post of faculty but some other have to sit in the position of professor Extraordinarius. They receive a very small amount from the State as they are merely termed as lecturers but their rank is better than that of Privat Docents. Often the Private Docents are more well-known and efficient than the professors.Just because of their misfortune they have to remain as Private Docents.
        On the contrary the regular faculty of the university are the privileged one with regular income besides tution fees and appointed for life.
