The name appears three times on on the decorated case. In the interior being in big letters, in a royal cartouche. The viewer stares at the mummy. Could this be a Pharaoh? The writing reads: three times--'Amenophis I.'--is the answer! This monarch ruled Egypt 50 year after the exodus of Israel, and 3400 years ago, according to Dr Hales; but others think it is older--even from the days of Joseph.
Another mummy has a golden face, and the body has incsriptions of the gods of the Amenti, on the parts where they were the genii. Amset had a human head and was god over the stomach and large intestines, Hades' judge; Hape, with a baboon's head, was god over the small intestines; Soumauth had a jackal's head, was god over the region of the thorax and commanded the heart and lungs; and the last, Kebhsnauf, had a hawk's head and was god over the liver and gall-bladder. Also, there are mummies that have a style of swathing peculiarly Egyptian and not Græco-Egyptian, which differs because the limbs are bandaged separately, not just placed together and enveloped in one form.  Fragments of the human body are also mummied, one of which is between the arm and shoulder a papyrus-roll. Also, the vases called canopuses, in which the guts and organ were put with a marking on each of a genius. On each of canopus, grouped in fours, is an incscription. Like this: Amset--'I am thy son, a god, loving thee; I have come to be beside thee, causing to germinate thy head, to fabricate thee with the words of Phtah, like the brilliancy of the sun for ever.' Soumautf--'I am thy son, a god, loving thee; I have come to support my father.' Kebhsnauf--'I have come to be beside thee, to subdue thy form, to submit thy limbs for thee, to lead thy heart to thee, to give it to thee in the tribunal of thy race, to germinate thy house with all the other living.' Hape--'I have come to manifest myself beside thee, to raise thy head and arms, to reduce thy enemies, to give thee all germination for ever.' 

In this apartment there are many wood and stone statues. In a wood statue there is a hole intended for a papyrus roll. There are samples of Egyptian Mosaic tile, and a tablet, with interesting Greek inscription and Egyption style--showing the ancient style to the Ptolemaic dynasty.

The next room contains innumerable items, many of which are not Egyption. The center cases have many trinkets and amulets, and coins of rules such as Ptolemy and Cleapatra.  Many kinds of jewellery such as diadems and royal signets as well as simple pottery and beads worn by poor people.
