The case is richly decorated, and
the name appears in three different places--that in the interior being in very large characters,
in a royal cartouch. The spectator seems to hang over this mummy as if spell-bound. Can this
in reality be one of the Pharaohs? Such is the question; and the inscription, thrice repeated--'Amenophis
I.'--is the answer! This monarch reigned in Egypt about half a century after the exodus of
the Israelites, and 3400 years ago, according to the chronology of Dr Hales; but others give
a remoter period--even in the days of Joseph.

Another mummy has the face covered with gold, and the body is inscribed with the gods of the
Amenti, on those regions over which they were the genii. Thus Amset, with a human head, presided
over the stomach and large intestines, and was the judge of Hades; Hape, with the head of a
baboon, presided over the small intestines; Soumautf, the third genius, with a jackal's head,
was placed over the region of the thorax, presiding over the heart and lungs; and the last,
Kebhsnauf, with the head of a hawk, presided over the gall-bladder and liver. Besides these,
there are other mummies exhibiting the style of swathing peculiarly Egyptian, in contradistinction
to the Græco-Egyptian, which differs from the former in having the limbs separately bandaged,
instead of being placed together and enveloped in one form. There are also fragments of the
human body mummied, one of which contains between the arm and shoulder a papyrus-roll. And
while we are now among the mummies, we must not forget the vases called canopuses, in which
the entrails and other internal organs were deposited; each bearing upon it the emblem of the
genius presiding over the separately embalmed viscera. On each of these canopuses, four of
which compose a set, an inscription may be seen. Thus: Amset--'I am thy son, a god, loving
thee; I have come to be beside thee, causing to germinate thy head, to fabricate thee with
the words of Phtah, like the brilliancy of the sun for ever.' Hape--'I have come to manifest
myself beside thee, to raise thy head and arms, to reduce thy enemies, to give thee all germination
for ever.' Soumautf--'I am thy son, a god, loving thee; I have come to support my father.'
Kebhsnauf--'I have come to be beside thee, to subdue thy form, to submit thy limbs for thee,
to lead thy heart to thee, to give it to thee in the tribunal of thy race, to germinate thy
house with all the other living.'

In this apartment there are many statues, some in wood, some in stone. In one of wood there
is a recess behind intended for a papyrus manuscript. There are also specimens of Egyptian
Mosaic pavement, and a monumental tablet, interesting from its having a Greek inscription,
while its style and figure are Egyptian--proving the continuance of the ancient manner down
to the Ptolemaic dynasty.

The adjoining room contains infinitely more than we can enumerate, and, like the others, many
articles not Egyptian, yet deeply interesting in themselves. The centre cases will demand our
first attention; and here we have idolets and amulets innumerable; coins of the Ptolemies,
Cleopatra, and others; and jewellery of all descriptions, from the golden diadem and the royal
signet down to the pottery rings and glass beads worn by the poor.
