The case is richly decorated, and the name appears in three different places - on the inside with very large letters in a better cartridge. The viewer appears to hang over the mummy as bewitched. Can it really be one of the Pharaohs? That is the question, and the legend, three times repeated - 'Amenophis I.' - Is the answer! This monarch reigned in Egypt about a half century after the exodus of the Israelites, and 3400 years ago, following the chronology of Hales doctor, but others take a more remote time - even in the days of Joseph.

Another mother's face is covered with gold, and the body is inscribed with the gods of Amenti in regions where they were geniuses. Amset So with a human head, the chairman of the stomach and bowels, and was judge of Hades, Hape, head of a baboon, he chaired the small intestine, Soumautf is genius in third place, with a jackal-headed placed over the chest region Chairman of the heart and lungs, and the last, entitled Kebhsnauf, head of a falcon gallbladder and liver. Besides these, there are other mummies exhibit distinctive style swathing of Egypt, in contrast to the Greco-Egyptian, which differs from the first to have bandages limbs separately, instead of putting them together and wrapped in a form. There are also pieces of mummified human body, one of which contains between arm and shoulder a papyrus roll. And since we are now among the mummies, we must not forget the glasses known as Canopus, the viscera and other internal organs were placed, each of which bears the emblem of the genius who presides over the separately embalmed internal organs. In each of these Canopus, four of which compose a whole, an inscription visible. So Amset - 'I am your son, your god, love, I have come to be beside you, which your head to germinate, for making up words Phtah which the brightness of the sun forever. "Hape - 'I have come to reveal myself to your page to raise your head and arms, to reduce your enemies to give you all the germination forever." Soumautf -' I am your son, your god love, I have come to support my father. Kebhsnauf - "I was beside you, to send this form to submit your members for you to manage your heart for you, give you the right of your race, your house sprout with all other living things.

In this occasion, many statues, some wood, some in stone. In a timber for a break after a papyrus manuscript. Egypt are also examples of mosaic floor and a monumental tablet, interesting from its having an inscription in Greek, while his style and figure is an Egyptian - to justify a continuation of the old way until the Ptolemaic dynasty.

The next room contains infinitely more than we can list and, like others, many items that are not Egyptians, however, deeply interesting in itself. The cases center demand our attention first, and here are our idols and countless amulets and coins of the Ptolemies, Cleopatra, and others, and jewels of all kinds, from the diadem of gold and royal seal to the ceramic rings and glass beads used by the poor.
