The heavily decorated display case that contained the mummy, had the name written in three different places all scripted in royal cartouch.  The spectator could not believe what was being seen here.  Was this very mummy a Pharaoh?  It seemed to be according to the script that was repeated three times on the case.
The answer was that this mummy had been 'Amenophis I.'  He  reigned in Egypt almost 50 years after the Israelites and amazingly 3400 years ago according to Dr. Hales, but some have given a more remote date even during the time of Joseph.
There is another mummy who's face is covered in gold and the body has written on it the gods of Amenti.  So with a human head Amset reigns over the large intestine and stomach and judged over Hades.
Hape, who has the head of a baboon, reigns over the small intestine.  Soumautf has the head of a jackal reigns over the the heart and lungs.  Kebhsnauf who has the head of a hawk reigns over the gall bladder and liver.  All of these gods took care of their specific regions of the body, making sure that everything was working properly.  There are many more mummies in this particular exhibit all wrapped in the same way indicating the difference between Egyptian mummies to Græco-Egyptian mummies who were wrapped in pieces.  There area also the vessels called canopuses that held the organs of the mummy so that they would be present for the owner in the after life.  The vessels would have the god who would protect these organs written on each particular container.  There is writing on these that would say, Amset--'I am thy son, a god, loving thee; I have come to be beside thee, causing to germinate thy head, to fabricate thee with the words of Phtah, like the brilliancy of the sun for ever.' Hape--'I have come to manifest myself beside thee, to raise thy head and arms, to reduce thy enemies, to give thee all germination for ever.' Soumautf--'I am thy son, a god, loving thee; I have come to support my father.' Kebhsnauf--'I have come to be beside thee, to subdue thy form, to submit thy limbs for thee, to lead thy heart to thee, to give it to thee in the tribunal of thy race, to germinate thy house with all the other living.' 
These words were a prayer to get  them closer to the gods.
The same tomb contains many statues that were carved from stone and wood that would be useful to the mummy.  Some of these statues have areas carved into the backs that would have carried notes written on the papyrus.  There were Egyptian mosaic pieces and tablets written in Greek with a style that was completely Egyptian.  This was evident of the Ptolemaic dynasty.
Many of the other rooms contain a number of wonderful historical pieces tat were not all distinctly Egyptian but beautiful all the same and very interesting.  The cases in the center of the room will be the first items that will be drawing our attention.  These contain all of the amulets, jewelry and coins that were of the highest royalty all the way to the items used and worn by everyday and poor people.
