
But, as was said in the first beginning of this Essay,[15] "classes" are the groups into which
"sub-kingdoms" are divided, and which, by their union, make up such "sub-kingdoms."

The five classes above-mentioned together constitute the highest of those sub-kingdoms into
which the whole animal kingdom itself is divided. This highest sub-kingdom is named VERTEBRATA,
and is called the vertebrate sub-kingdom, because every creature which belongs to it possesses
a "spinal column," which is generally built up of bones, each of which is called a "Vertebra."

We ourselves are members of the genus Homo, of the family Hominidæ, of the order Primates,
of the class Mammalia, of the sub-kingdom Vertebrata, and it is desirable to treat this sub-kingdom
at considerable length, both because it is, to us who are members of it, the most interesting
and important, and because, by treating it somewhat fully, a good example can be once for all
given of biological classification.

But the number of animal kinds which belong to other sub-kingdoms vastly exceeds the total
number of vertebrate animals, and the structural contrasts found between different non-vertebrate
species is very much greater than any such contrasts as can be found to exist between any two
members of the highest, or vertebrate sub-kingdom. This is only what we might expect; for non-vertebrate
animals--often spoken of collectively as "Invertebrata"--form several distinct sub-kingdoms,
each of which has a rank approximatively co-ordinate with that sub-kingdom to which we ourselves
belong. Nevertheless, since the members of the invertebrata sub-kingdoms are, speaking generally,
much less known and familiar than are vertebrate animals, and as the structural differences
between them cannot be pointed out till an initial acquaintance has been made with comparative
anatomy, for these reasons we may treat the various animal sub-kingdoms which have yet to be
noticed at much less length than we have treated the vertebrata. The details of their peculiarities
and the various degrees of significance and interest which they present will begin to appear
when we proceed to treat of "The Forms of Animals."

The last class of vertebrates is, as we have seen, constituted by the fishes, which are fishes
properly so called. But there are many animals which are familiarly and improperly spoken of
as "Fishes," but which are even more below true fishes than whales and porpoises are above
them. Thus, we hear of cuttle-fishes, and a variety of creatures are spoken of as "shell-fish,"
which are not in the least related to true fishes. Indeed, the many so-called "shell-fish"
are not even nearly related one to another. Thus, the oyster and the lobster are both commonly
thus named, but they belong respectively to two altogether distinct sub-kingdoms of the world
of animals.

The oyster is an animal which belongs to a vast assemblage of species, with much variety of
form and structure, which, on account of their soft bodies (whether or not enclosed in shells),
are called MOLLUSCA or "Mollusks." This assemblage ranks as a sub-kingdom and contains within
it at least four subordinate great groups, or "classes." All snails and whelks, with their
allies, and also all cuttle-fishes, belong to the sub-kingdom of "soft animals."
