But, as was said in the first starting of this Essay,[15] "classes" are the assemblies into which "sub-kingdoms" are split up, and which, by their amalgamation, make up such "sub-kingdoms." 

The five categories above-mentioned simultaneously constitute the largest of those sub-kingdoms into which the entire animal kingdom itself is divided. This largest sub-kingdom is entitled VERTEBRATA, and is called the vertebrate sub-kingdom, because every animal which pertains to it possesses a "spinal column," which is usually constructed up of skeletal components, each of which is called a "Vertebra." 

We us are constituents of the genus Homo, of the family Hominidæ, of the alignment Primates, of the class Mammalia, of the sub-kingdom Vertebrata, and it is attractive to heal this sub-kingdom at substantial extent, both because it is, to us who are constituents of it, the most intriguing and significant, and because, by healing it rather completely, a good demonstration can be one time for all granted of biological classification. 

But the number of animal types which pertains to other sub-kingdoms enormously passes the total number of vertebrate animals, and the functional compares discovered between distinct non-vertebrate species is very much larger than any such compares as can be discovered to live between any two constituents of the largest, or vertebrate sub-kingdom. This is only what we might expect; for non-vertebrate animals--often voiced of collectively as "Invertebrata"--form some distinct sub-kingdoms, each of which has a grade approximatively co-ordinate with that sub-kingdom to which we us belong. Nevertheless, since the constituents of the invertebrata sub-kingdoms are, talking usually, much less renowned and well renowned than are vertebrate animals, and as the functional dissimilarities between them will not be sharp out till an primary familiarity has been made with relative anatomy, for these causes we may heal the diverse animal sub-kingdoms which have yet to be observed at much less extent than we have treated the vertebrata. The minutia of their peculiarities and the diverse qualifications of implication and concern which they present will start to emerge when we advance to heal of "The Forms of Animals." 

The last class of vertebrates is, as we have glimpsed, constituted by the fishes, which are fishes correctly so called. But there are numerous animals which are familiarly and improperly voiced of as "Fishes," but which are even more underneath factual fishes than whales and porpoises are overhead them. Thus, we discover of cuttle-fishes, and a kind of animals are voiced of as "shell-fish," which are not in the smallest associated to factual fishes. Indeed, the numerous so-called "shell-fish" are not even almost associated one to another. Thus, the oyster and the lobster are both routinely therefore entitled, but they pertains respectively to two entirely distinct sub-kingdoms of the world of animals. 

The oyster is an animal which pertains to a huge assemblage of species, with much kind of pattern and structure, which, on account of their supple bodies (whether or not surrounded in shells), are called MOLLUSCA or "Mollusks." This assemblage ranks as a sub-kingdom and comprises inside it not less than four subordinate large assemblies, or "classes." All snails and whelks, with their partners, and furthermore all cuttle-fishes, pertains to the sub-kingdom of "soft animals."
