As mentioned at the beginning of this paper, a "sub-kingdom" is the name for a group of "classes."

The highest sub-kingdom of the animal kingdom, known as Vertebrata, is made up of the five classes mentioned previously.  The Vertebrata sub-kingdom is also known as the vertebrate sub-kingdom.  The name vertebrate comes from the fact that every animal in this sub-kingdom has a spinal column."  Spinal columns typically consist of a series of bones, called vertebra.  

Humans are members of the Vertebrata sub-kingdom of the animal kingdom.  Within this sub-kingdom, humans are part of the class Mammalia, which is part of the order Primates.  Within the order Primates, humans are further classified as being part of the family Hominidæ and, finally, the genus Homo.  The classification of humans within the animal kingdom is useful in terms of understanding biological classification.

In other sub-kingdoms of the animal kingdom, there are many more animals that in the vertebrate sub-kingdom, and there are also many more structural differences between animals in these other sub-kingdoms than between vertebrate animals.    While there is only one vertebrate sub-kingdom, there are several invertebrate sub-kingdoms.  Although there are many more invertebrate animals, not as much attention is paid here to studying these animals because it would require a greater knowledge of comparative anatomy.  More attention will be given to this topic when "The Forms of Animals" is covered.

Fishes are the last class of vertebrates.  Many animals are popularly referred to as fishes even though they are below the actual classification of fish.  One such example of this is the group of animals referred to as "shell-fish," including, but not limited to, the cuttle-fish.  These so-called "shell-fish" are not truly related to fishes and some of them are not even related to each other.  Two popular "shell-fish," oysters and lobsters, are actually parts of entirely different sub-kingdoms of the animal kingdom.  Clearly the classification of different animals known popularly as "fish" is more complicated than it might seem. 

Oysters belong to the sub-kingdom known as MOLLUSCA or "Mollusks."  The Mollusks sub-kingdom includes species that have soft bodies and the creatures may or may not have a shell enclosing them.  The MOLLUSCA sub-kingdom has at least four classes within it.  This sub-kingdom of "soft animals" includes snails, whelks and cuttle-fishes, among other creatures.
