While she is young and reckless and fast, and she hasn't the sense to head home, she sticks both of her tiny fists into her small side pockets and heads onwards quite independantly, caring naught for nobody. I have heard from many people who ought to know, since their wives have told them, that many of these young women do wear very long boots. How long they are, I do not know.

He who walks in Beacon Street on Sunday, when the skies are clear and church has let out for the day, many of these sweet maidens walking with their cavalleros up and down hill, talking of many things. The boston madamoiselle is a notable talker, and does it quite well. She knows of many things where your first is the omnibus rebus, the second et quibusdam aliis, and the third alterum tantum. He who complains that women know nothing and have no wit, has not met a Boston Young Lady; if that he does, and tells her so, he will probably remember for many days what she said in answer. For she holds dixi et solvavi animam mean to be a good rule, and that it is not a good thing to go away with wrath pent up in your bosom. 

She works hard for the army, and she knits stockings and makes shirts for the contrabands, where I have seen one which a contraband with his wife and children all were at once, so nobly great was it. She believes in the war with all her brave little heart and soul, for she is Uncle Sam's own daughter, if there ever was one. Having great love for your Union, always hoping firstly for your Union political, and secondly, for your wedding union of hearts and your union of hands, which is needful, that your country shall not perish for lack of sturdy urchins to grow up into soldiers. That they are all thus became good wives and brave mothers, and be blessed and happy in all things, is your hearts prayer.

CLERKE NICHOLAS.

*****

The following selection from the Washington correspondance of the Phildelphia press is important:

'Let me ask you if you have ever thought back to the time when most of the Breckinridge papers in the free states were in danger of being tornapart after the fall of Fort Sumter?

'I will not ask you why these demonstrations happened, but I do want to know if you can show me any one of these journals that filled with strong words against the Administration and it's friends, as well as mere slaps on the wrists of the rebels in arms? Aren't they all clammering for the reorginization of the Democratic party? Are they not all against any combination of patriotic men calling themselves a Union party? Their objective is as plain as their early treason is notorious, and the end of their victory will be the recognition of the armed rebels, or their complete and total forgiveness. The rebels with weapons are watching their movements excitedly.'

The fact that they are doing so is amply evidenced by the recent "demomcratic" and treasonable actions in Washington.
