Whyles
    that she is yett younge and reckeless, and gif shee bee faste, and
    hathe naughte to beare homewards, lo! shee stiketh bothe tinie
    fistes intoe hir small syde-pockets, and propelleth onward
    mightilie independente, caring naught for nobodie. I haue herd
    from dyvers graue and reuerend menn, who oughte to know, [sith
    that ther wyves hadd tolde them,] that manie of these demoiselles
    do wear verie longe bootes, but howe long they may bee I knowe
    not.

    Hee who walketh in Beacon streete on Sundaye, whan thatt the skies
    be fayre, seeth, after church out-letting, manie of these sweete
    maydens walking wyth ther cavalleros up and doune hille, talkyng
    of manie thynges. For ye Boston demoiselle is a notable talker,
    and doth itt welle, knowing manie thynges whereof ye firste is de
    omnibus rebus, ye seconde et quibusdam aliis, and ye third
    alterum tantum. He who complayneth thatt women know nothinge,
    and haue noe witte, hathe nott mett ye Boston Yonge Lady; if that
    he dothe, and telleth hir soe, he wyll probablie remember for
    manie dayes what shee saide in answere. For shee holdeth dixi et
    solvavi animam meam to bee a goode rule, and thatt it is nott a
    goode thinge to goe away with wrathe pente up in ye boosum.

    She worketh harde for ye armie; yea, she knitteth stockyngs and
    maketh shertes for ye contrabandes, whereof I haue scene one
    whiche a contrabande with his wyfe and children didde all were at
    once, so nobly greate was it. And shee belyveth in ye warre with
    alle hir braue little hearte and soule, for shee is Uncle Samuel
    hys oune daughter, if there ever was one, having greate loue for
    ye Union, alwaies hoping firstly for ye Union politicall, and
    secondlie for ye wedding union of hertes and ye union of handes,
    whych is nedeful, that ye countrie shall not perishe for lacke of
    sturdie urchins to growe upp into soldieres. And thatt theye aye
    all thus become goode wives and brave mothers, and bee bleste and
    happie in alle thynges, is ye heartes prayer of

    CLERKE NICHOLAS.

       *       *       *       *       *

The following extract from the Washington correspondence of the Philadelphia Press is significant:

    'As pertinent to these questions, let me ask if you have ever gone
    back to the time when most of the Breckinridge papers in the free
    States were in danger of being mobbed and torn out after the fall
    of Fort Sumter?

    'I will not ask why these demonstrations occurred, but I will ask
    if you can point to any one of these journals that is not now
    filled with strong denunciations of the Administration and its
    friends, and timid reproaches of the rebels in arms? Are they not
    all clamorous for the reörganization of the Democratic party? Are
    they not all against any combination of patriotic men under the
    name of a Union party? Their object is as plain as their early
    treason was notorious, and the end of their victory will be the
    recognition of the armed rebels, or their full forgiveness. The
    armed rebels are watching their movements with eagerness and joy.'

That they are doing so, is amply evidenced by the recent 'democratic' and treasonable movements
in Washington.
