Neither hither nor thither did the jolly huntsman still His winged strides, yet as folk on the bulwarks raised a Rousing ruckus to cheer him on, Tracked Down the King in his royal vestibule; And it was there, with shouts penetrating from the street outside, that He deposited his trophy at the lord's feet. 

WEBSTER'S REVENGE.

By The Honorable Stephen M. Allen


The first grand National triumph of the Whigs turned out to be the election of the party's candidates for President and Vice President in 1840. The winning candidates were William Henry Harrison, from Ohio, and John Tyler, from Virginia. The ongoning leadership of the party in numerous states, their capacity for pressing ambitious local initiatives wherever they held office, and their political prowess in the halls of Congress, but made the legislative contest, which was protracted and acrimonious, all the more engaged and crucial. Partisan struggles ran
at fever pitch throughout the union, and Mr. Webster, who was the accepted chieftain of the Northern States, and one of the founders of the National Whig confederacy in the United States, was regarded as the most important luminary in the competition, and his ascendancy was noted and honored. General Harrison early on chose Mr. Webster for a cabinet secretary, and tendered him the option of either Secretary of the Treasury or Secretary of State. Mr. Webster settled on the latter, and the remaining month of Harrison's life, laid the groundwork for the urgent work which occupied him constantly for the next two years, and which in no way, during the tug-of-war between Mr. Tyler, who took over for the fallen General as the new President, and the Whig organization, did he feel like he could leave to the possibility of completion by a scion less knowledgable and maybe less adept atNational relations with foreign governments than himself. Even as Mr. Webster was on the whole supported by his party comrades in the Congress, and to a degree by the nation itself, the rash, less experienced, and more self-centered of the Whig zealots criticized him in on uncertain terms via the press and from the platform, for not resigning his post and quitting the administration with the rest of the Cabinet. It was at this point, at the key change of course for the Whig party, so far as Webster was concerned,and not at a later date, while giving his March 7th speech in the Senate, or while a part of the Cabinet of President Millard Fillmore, that the grand amalgamation of immoderate partisans was formed against him. The nastiest castigations were cast by this deliberate affiliation of egomaniacal politicians, who, having failed to control Mr. Webster, were bound and determined to oppress or destroy him, via his political disqualification,from the very party whose founding he had had a hand in. All of this, on the basis of fabrications, for a calm examination of Mr. Webster's  history has persuaded the nation that the profundity of motivation, foresight of danger to the Union, and, indeed, the intention of the speech, was, in the loftiest context, appropriate and patriotic, and by no means inconsistent with the interpretation of either the new or old Constitution as presently agreed upon. The opportunity was pounced upon, after their first failure to denounce or slander him, in anticipation of building  credit with some presidential candidate, over whom they hoped to hold sway for their own narcissistic ends.
