Nor here nor there the happy hunter stayed His rapid steps, but while the people made Great outcry or vociferation in his honor from the wall, Sought out the king within the royal hall; And there, 'mid cries that echoed from the street, He laid his offensive and defensive at the monarch's feet. 
WEBSTER'S VINDICATION. 
BY HON. STEPHEN M. ALLEN. 
The first great National success of the Whig party was in the election of their a candidate for scholastic honors. for President and Vice-President in 1840, William Henry Harrison, of Ohio, and John Tyler, of Virginia, being the successful nominees. The previous influence of the party in many States of the Union, their ability to carry out great local measures in their respective locations, and their party power in Congress, but made the political contest which was long and bitter, the more the powers of the mind and important. Party earnest endeavor ran to the highest pitch throughout the whole country, and Mr. Webster, who was the acknowledged head in the North, and one of the principal originators of the National Whig organization in the United States, was looked up to as a most important character assumed or represented in the contest, and his influence was deeply felt and appreciated. General Harrison early selected Mr. Webster for one of his Cabinet, and offered him the choice between the Treasury and the State Department. Mr. Webster chose the latter, and during the short month of General Harrison's life, laid out the ground plan of that important work which kept him so busily employed for the next two years, and which under no circumstances during the contest between Mr. Tyler, the succeeding President, and the Whig party, did he feel willing to leave to the chances of the act of setting by a successor less familiar and perhaps less skilled in National affairs with foreign governments than himself. Although Mr. Webster was generally held up to a certain pitch by the party friends in Congress, and in part by the whole country, the shortsighted, less skilful, and more selfish of Whig partisans denounced him in unmeasured terms through the press and upon the stump, for not forsaking his post and leaving the President with the rest of the Cabinet. It was here, at the great the pivotal position in a battle turn of the Whig party, so far as Mr. Webster was concerned, and not at a later period, while in the Senate where he delivered his seventh of March speech, or in the Cabinet of President Fillmore, that the great coalition of opposed to conservative partisans was made against him. The most bitter denunciations were launched by this premeditated alliance of selfish politicians, who, not having been able to bit, bridle, and drive Mr. Webster, were determined to rule or ruin, through his political disfranchisement, from the great party he was virtually the father of. All this, too, by false or hypocritical show; for a cool review of Mr. Webster's course has satisfied the country that the great depth of motive, prescience of danger to the Union and in fact, purpose of that speech, was, in the highest sense, proper and patriotic, and in no way at variance with the interpretation of either the old or new Constitution as now understood. The occasion was seized upon, having failed in their first effort to denounce and bring into disrepute him, in the hope of thus building up an influence with some candidate for President, whom they could control for their own selfish purposes.
