The verdict was divided as one jury disagreed with the verdict, while a second one found the man guilty and the two Roman Catholics opposed the verdict of guilt. However, attempts to secure reduction in his sentence did not find success and as a result, the decision to execute Seery was soon to be reality. But Seery, just before his execution, very seriously and sincerely proclaimed his innocence. This resulted in a situation that is always expected of when general public has a certain emotion.  In the morning nothing but the sounds of bugles, peeling of drums were seen and heard on the streets leading to an unusual stillness in the streets.  In fact people showed their resentment to the terrible tragedy by boycotting and not going into the streets. Serry was considered a martyr by the general public. Nobody was present when at eleven o’clock the military paraded before the gaol except the police and of course they themselves. It was not just the public that stayed away in protest but not a single one of the magistrates of the county came leaving aside Mr. Uniacke. Mr. Uniacke was going up and dowm along with Captain Despard. Under a flashing top heading “ Mullingar Tragedy” the reporter of the Dublin Freeman churns out his long story giving a vivid picture of the highly prejudiced atmosphere that was prevailing during the internment of Byran Seery.  The tragic occurrence that came about on Sunday had a crowd of nearly fifty to sixty thousand souls witnessing the sorry spectacle.”
The public were present in large numbers during the executions of criminals on several other times and had shown where there sympathies lay by showing due respect and regard for their fate referring to them as the “ the blessed martyrs “ for their religion, or their country or both.  In first half of June a paper reported the execution that took place in the county of Tipperary. It was not reported that this execution was against the rights of the people nor was it reported that the government were very lenient towards the people who had committed crimes for whatever reason maybe.  The papers just stated that the execution of the three men, two of whom were sentenced for plotting to kill the late Mr. Patrick Clarke and third sentenced man was William Fogarty who was charged of shooting at Mr. M'Donald, a steward in the slate quarries, was to take place. People came in great number to witness their execution. Roman Catholic clergymen went along with them and guided them in their last journey. A small struggle presided their demise, but they did not make any public announcement of their crime. The execution was heavily guarded by a police force of one hundred and fifty men and a company of the72nd depot. According to a local paper, everybody was silent and calm, except for the cries and lamentations of the friends of the accused. The bodies were hung the normal mount of time and then lowered into coffins and passed over to the relations. These three men had got a long period of reprieve and break when different law points were put forth in their favor, giving rise to added interest amongst people about their cases. 
Neither the executions nor the powers and preventive actions taken by the executive has put an end to the existence of crime or has it managed to take away weapon to murder from the murderers. In "its impartial consideration", a Galeway paper followed a murder near junction of  counties, Galeway and Clare, right after the execution in Nenagh and  several other crimes of similar nature  in various parts of the country.
