One jury could not agree to the verdict, two Roman Catholics standing out against
conviction: a second jury condemned the man: efforts to procure commutation of his sentence
failed, and he was left for execution. Seery, at the place of execution, solemnly denied his
guilt. A circumstance highly characteristic of the feeling of the public occurred. The morning
was calm--the sounding of bugles and peeling of drums were heard in all directions: there was
a perfect cessation of business in the town. About ten o'clock all the shops were closed, and
not a single human being was to be seen in the streets--not one individual came in from the
country. Thus the people determined to mark their opinion of this awful tragedy, for all regard
Seery as a martyr. At eleven o'clock the military were paraded before the gaol, and not one
human being appeared before the scaffold but themselves and the police. Even the magistrates
of the county stayed away--not one of them appeared, except Mr. Uniacke, who walked up and
down with Captain Despard. Under the imposing head of the 'Mullingar Tragedy,' the reporter
of the Dublin Freeman furnishes that journal with a long and highly-coloured account of the
interment of Bryan Seery. The melancholy spectacle took place on Sunday, in the presence of
vast multitudes of the country people, whose numbers were estimated by the writer to amount
to fifty thousand or sixty thousand souls."

On other occasions the populace attended the execution of criminals in large numbers, and exhibited
their sympathy by demonstrations of respect and of regret for their fate, speaking of them
as "the blessed martyrs" for their religion, or their country, or both. An execution took place
at Nenagh, in the county of Tipperary, early in June, which was thus noticed in a paper, neither
unfavourable to the rights of the people, nor the exercise of the utmost clemency on the part
of the government towards the misguided:--"Three men were executed at Nenagh on Friday (last
week), pursuant to their sentences; two--namely, Patrick Hayes and Patrick Rice--for conspiring
to murder the late Mr. Patrick Clarke; and one, named William Fogarty--for shooting at Mr.
M'Donald, a steward in the slate quarries. An immense multitude collected to witness the scene.
The three men were accompanied to the drop by Roman Catholic clergymen. They died after a brief
struggle, having made no public confession of their crimes. A large police force of one hundred
and fifty men, and a company of the 72nd depot, comprised the guard in attendance. All was
quiet and peaceable, says a local paper, and nothing heard but the moanings of the friends
of the culprits. After the usual time of hanging, the bodies were lowered into coffins, and
given to the relations. The long respite obtained by these men whilst various points of law
were urged in their favour, gave much additional interest to their cases."

Executions did not, however, extinguish the prevalence of crime, nor were the precautions of
the executive sufficient to wrest the weapon from the murderous hand. A Galway paper, in "the
liberal interest," recorded a murder near the junction of that county with the county of Clare,
immediately after the execution at Nenagh, and various others of a similar character throughout
the country.
