A jury disagreed with the verdict, two Roman Catholic stand against conviction, a second jury convicted the man's efforts to secure the commutation of his sentence failed, and stayed for execution. Seery, in the place of execution, formally denied his guilt. A very characteristic circumstance of public sentiment has taken place. The morning was quiet - the sound of bugles and drums of peeling were heard in all directions: there was a perfect stop for business in the city. About ten all shops were closed, and not a single human being could be seen on the streets - not an individual comes from the country. Thus, the people determined to make their opinion of this horrible tragedy for all Seery considered a martyr. At eleven o'clock the military parade outside the prison, not one human being presented to the scaffold, but themselves and the police. Even the judges of the province stayed away - none of them appeared, with the exception of Mr. Uniacke, who came and went with Captain Despard. Under the imposing head of the 'Mullingar tragedy, "the reporter of The Freeman of Dublin presented the magazine with a long and highly colored burial of Bryan Seery. The sad spectacle took place on Sunday, in the presence of large crowds rural people, whose number is estimated by the writer to the amount of fifty thousand or sixty thousand souls. " 
In other cases, people attended the execution of criminals in large numbers, and showed his sympathy for the demonstrations of respect and sorrow for his fate, when speaking of them as "martyrs" for their religion, or country , or both. An execution took place in Nenagh, County Tipperary, in early June, which was noticed by both, on paper, or unfavorable to the rights of the people, or the exercise of clemency possible by the government towards the perverse : - "Three men were executed in Nenagh on Friday (last week), in accordance with their convictions, two - namely, Patrick Hayes and Patrick Rice - for conspiring to assassinate the late Mr. Patrick Clarke, and one named William Fogarty - for shooting Mr. MacDonald, a butler in the slate quarries. An immense crowd collected to witness the scene. The three men were accompanied to the fall of Roman Catholic clergy. They died after a brief struggle, having made no public confession of their crimes. A large police force of one hundred and fifty men, and a company of the station 72, consisting of the guard in attendance. It was quiet and peaceful, says a local newspaper, and nothing, but heard the moans of the friends of the culprits. After hanging the usual time, the bodies were lowered in coffins, and given to the relationship. The long truce obtained by these men while different points of the law urged in his favor, gave much additional interest to their cases. " 

The executions did not, however, turn the prevalence of crime, nor executive precautions sufficient to take the weapon of the murderous hand. A document from Galway, "the liberal interest," a murder occurred near the junction of that county in County Clare, immediately after the execution in Nenagh, and several others of a similar nature throughout the country.
