There is no other example better than this to show how moral values are being sacrificed for some unworthy ends or means to an end.

Democracy and free trade in America are growing despite ways to curb them. Consumer satisfaction far outweighs any moral issues. For the sake of materialistic gratification, moral judgements are sacrificed.
The social system is resigned to its fate of human degradation, inhumanity, increasing ignorance and crime. When every common law is gone and there is no more morality left in society, would this system pause? 
To draw an analogy of a tree, the growing branches that used to be loving, are now reaching out, armed against us. It is the same tree but what grows from it now are bloody and poisonous sap spreading outwards to its branches.    

What do we oppose against this predatory system? This social system has the potential and future to thrive due to contribution from many countries over the centuries. It has its faults and drawbacks especially "negrophobia", a disgusting label for a disgraceful social ill. Not to be carried away by self-criticism, we can proudly claim ourselves to be one of the most lawful and civilized citizens of the world with the least number of laws imposed on us. We have free will and freedom of choice. Also, our national agenda to develop ourselves morally and intellectually is worldclass.  
We represent the Old World in the New. We stand for freedom in a civilized society and a good social system in America. Thus, it is either this social system will stand or fall with us. 
  
Of course, we are not set to become the scum on  earth, by destroying our good values. To merely hope to profit from the Southern trade, we shall not turn ourselves into betrayers or succumb to violence. History has taught us this lesson. 
By not violating our trust, could we have avoided this war? War is inevitable. The South, ever since the Mexican War, has been hostile and prepared to fight another war. This poses a major problem in our politics. It is the ultimate focal point-how to avoid war with the South?
