No parallel example does the earth exhibit of the sacrifice of transcendent values
for pitiful ends.

In attempting to destroy free government and rational socialization in America, this system
is treading no new road, it is only proceeding on the old. Its central law is that of destroying
any value, however great, for the sake of any gratification, however small. Accustomed to battening
on the hopes of humanity,--accustomed to taking stock in human degradation, and declaring dividends
upon enforced ignorance and crime,--existing only while every canon of the common law is annulled,
and every precept of morals and civilization set at nought,--could it be expected to pause
just when, or rather just because, it had apparently found the richest possible prey? Could
it be expected to withhold its fang for no other reason than that its fang was allured by a
more opulent artery than ever before? The simple truth is--and he knows nothing about this
controversy who fails to perceive such truth--that the system whose hands are now armed against
us has always borne these arms in its heart; that the fang which is now bared has hitherto
been only concealed, not wanting; that the tree which is to-day in bloody blossom is the same
tree it ever was, and carried these blossoms in its sap long ere spreading them upon its boughs.

To this predaceous system what do we oppose? We oppose a socialization that has features,--I
will say no more,--has features of generous breadth and promise, that are the best fruition
of many countries and centuries. Faults and drawbacks it has enough and to spare; conspicuous
among which may be named the vulgar and disgusting "negrophobia,"--a mark of under-breeding
which one hopes may not disgrace us always. But let us be carried away by no mania for self-criticism.
Two claims for ourselves may be made. First, a higher grade of laws nowhere exists with a less
amount of coercive application,--exists, that is, by the rational and constant choice of the
whole people. Secondly, it may be questioned whether anywhere in the world the development
of intelligence and moral force in the whole people is to a greater extent a national aim.
But abandoning all comparison with other peoples, this we may say with no doubtful voice: We
stand for the best ideas of the Old World in the New; we stand for orderly-freedom and true
socialization in America; we stand for these, and with us these must here stand or fall.

Now, of course, we are not about to become the offscouring of the earth by yielding these up
to destruction. Of course, we shall not convert ourselves into a nation of Iscariots, and give
over civilization to the bowie-knife, with the mere hope of so making money out of Southern
trade,--which we should not do,--and with the certainty of a gibbet in history, to mention
no greater penalty.

But refusing this perfidy, could we have avoided this war? No; for it was simply our refusal
of such perfidy which, so far as we are concerned, brought the war on. The South, having ever
since the Mexican War stood with its sword half out of the scabbard, perpetually threatening
to give its edge,--having made it the chief problem of our politics, by what gift or concession
to purchase exemption from that dreaded blade,--at last reached its ultimate demand.
