With mouth closed, ears down, and lowers his head, there was the mustang, as gentle and docile as any old donkey. The change was so sudden and comedian, everyone laughed, but when I got to thinking about the danger he had run, it takes all my love for horses that prevents me from shooting the beast in the act. 
Mounted on this sensitive horse and accompanied by my friend, I made several trips to Bolivar, Marion, Colombia, Anahuac, which is emerging cities in five to twenty houses. We also visited numerous plantations and clear, the owners of some of which were known or had messages of introduction, but whether or not the recommendations are, always found a warm welcome and hospitable reception, and it was rare get paid for our entertainment. 

We arrived one day at a compensation that was a few miles of the way to Harrisburg to San Felipe de Austin, and belonged to a Mr. Neal. He had been three years in the country, dealing in livestock, which is undoubtedly the most enjoyable, as well as benefits, an occupation that can be followed in Texas. He had seven or eight hundred head of cattle, and fifty to sixty horses, all the wild horses. Your finances, like almost all plantations in Texas at the time, was still in a very rough, and his house, spacious and comfortable but soon, was built with tree trunks, unwrought, in the true style of back- woodcutter. It was situated on the border of one of the islands or groups of trees, and stood between two giant sycamore trees, which protected her from sun and wind. At the front, and so you could see was the prairie, covered with waving grass and many flowers behind the house came the group of forest trees in all their primeval majesty, tied and bound together by an infinity of wild vines, which threw its tendrils and adherence to hundreds of feet upwards to the highest branches of trees, embracing and covering the whole island with a green network, and turn it into a bower of vine leaves immense, would have been inadequate homeless Bacchus and his entourage. 

These islands are one of the most enchanting scenario of Texas. Of infinite variety and beauty of form, and unrivaled in the growth and magnitude of its component trees, which are anyway - circular, parallelograms, hexagons, octagons - some more torque and discharge as a green black snakes on the shiny surface of the prairie. In any park or artificially set above, is it possible to find anything equal to these shrubs natural beauty and symmetry. In the morning and at night especially when surrounded by a veil of light gray mist, and the horizontal beams rising or setting sun shining through them, offer images that can not tire of admiring. 

Mr. Neal was a jovial Kentucky, and received us with the utmost hospitality, asking in return all the news that he could have from the United States. It's hard to imagine, without having witnessed the feverish anxiety and curiosity with which requests all the intelligence of his homeland later and heard by these people in the desert.
