The groogroo worm is actually no uglier than the other much-loved animals.  There's no way you could possibly judge the incredible things people discover and change into something fancy as a result of their whims.  A philsopher observing the situation would have to simply say, in the manner of the old but true proverb 'De gustibus non est disputandum.

The Country gives thanks for steam communication

In Dalswinton, Mister Miller was never feted having carried out experimeents in steam application.  Neither have his family received any reimbursement whatsoever.  After Henry Bell copied Miller's experimental boat ideas and made a steamboat sail, he lived out his years comparatively poor until just before his death when the Clyde Trustees gave him a modest pension.  The Observations on Railways, written by Thomas Gray thirty years back, helped our railways come to fruition but in comparison to the 300 million invested in the latter, Gray died in poverty from his actions, and his family remain poor even today.  The public have not shown them any gratitude, and his own son can't even get a job working on a train.  Sure, James Miller's wife gets fifty pounds per year from her husband's pension, but noone else connected has profited in any way.

Dreaming of the afterlife

It looked so nice, that it seemed more like a pretty object hiding lost hopes than a body.

While resting it was plain to see a beautiful, unknown women who lay, dead, her eyelids closed, on the bed.

In the mortal world, something compelled the onlooked to adorn it with fine clothes, symbols of the earth's pains.

Just like cutting your hair, the happiness and fortitude of youth was cast off easily, golden and long, in shared silence.

It's not that there was crying, but instead a long gaze trying to keep the memory and fill the void in the heart, divinely brought.

The dead women was embraced silently and held for a while, before being taken off the bed and put in a coffin.

However, the final moment was some way of.  Death is what we make it to be.  It transfixes us and turns the most beautiful thing into gloom.

More unreciprocated kisses.  Optimism and positivity are the tools faith has brought to conquer this challenge.
