Indeed, the groogroo worm is by no means more repulsive in appearance
than any of the other unprepossessing creatures which are so highly prized. It would be a difficult
matter to decide on the merits of the many extraordinary things which the taste of man, in
its morbid cravings, has discovered and converted into luxurious use; and the philosopher finds
himself at last driven to take shelter from his own unanswerable inquiries behind the concluding
power of that most true, but somewhat musty proverb: 'De gustibus non est disputandum.'

GRATITUDE OF THE COUNTRY FOR STEAM COMMUNICATION.

Mr Patrick Miller of Dalswinton, who first experimented in the application of steam to navigation,
never received any mark of gratitude from his country; his family, though long in comparatively
reduced circumstances, remain to this day equally without requital on that account. Henry Bell,
who, taking his ideas from Mr Miller's experimental boat, first set a steam-vessel afloat in
this country, spent his latter years in poverty, from which he was rescued only a short time
before his death by a small pension from the Clyde Trustees. Mr Thomas Gray, whose Observations
on Railways, published about thirty years ago, may be said to have given origin and impulse
to our present railway system, by which three hundred millions have been expended, died in
poverty, to which he had been reduced by his exertions in the cause; his widow and children
are at this day in that state, without any public acknowledgment of his services to the country;
and his son has lately applied to nearly every railway company in the kingdom for a situation,
but in vain. Beyond a pension of L.50 a year to the widow of Mr James Taylor, who prompted
Mr Miller to try his experiments, we are not aware of a single penny having been expended by
the country in requiting the services, or compensating the losses, of individuals in respect
of steam communications of any kind.

A DREAM OF RESURRECTION.

    So heavenly beautiful it lay,
      It was less like a human corse
      Than that fair shape in which perforce
    A dead hope clothes itself alway.

    The dream shewed very plain: the bed
      Where that known unknown face reposed--
      A woman's face with eyelids closed,
    A something precious that was dead:

    A something, lost on this side life,
      By which the mourner came and stood,
      And laid down, ne'er to be renewed,
    All glittering robes of earthly strife;--

    Shred off, like votive locks of hair,
      Youth's ornaments of joy and strength,
      And cast them in their golden length
    The silence of that bier to share.

    No tears fell--but a gaze, fixed, long,
      That memory might print the face
      On the heart's ever-vacant space
    With a sun-finger, sharp and strong.

    Then kisses, dropping without sound;
      And solemn arms wound round the dead;
      And lifting from the natural bed
    Into the coffin's strange new bound;

    Yet still no parting--no belief
      In death; no more than we believe
      In some dread falsehood that would weave
    The world in one black shroud of grief.

    And still, unanswered kisses; still,
      Warm clingings to the image cold,
      With an impossible faith's close fold,
    Creative, through its fierce 'I will.'

