We are pleased to know that the most mysterious and perplexed Greek part of the Geometry is likely to be finally clarified completely - we mean particularly "Porisms." So many questions and doubts are arising from the matter respecting the development of Grecian intellect, that the whole debate is not an easy task, especially those arising from conflicting witness statements furnished in its history and internal evidences contained in the current works by the "fathers of Geometry." We definetely anticipate that the reputation is now in the minds involved in this work that some conclusive evidence that to the state of geometry at the front of Euclid has given rise to by Daves and Messrs. Potts. Analysing the writings of all authors who had worked on the Porism, can be an interesting subject not only for the every author to recieve their fair share of credit for their contributions to achieve perfectness in the poristic method; but also their purpose is that the critical discrimination principles, which is one of the major features in Archaeology of geometry authored by Mr. Davies. We shall be very glad if this little notice of his work gets some support in the form of subscriptions for the undertaking, because whether the work goes to publishing, or the project is rejected is dependent on the support it may receive.

The Catalogues received are: - General Catalogue by Thomas Thorpe's (13 Henrietta Street) includes interesting, Curious, very Choice, and Rare books recently purchased some of the hundreds of articles also extremely rare. Norgate and Williams' (14 Henrietta Street) No 24 in German Book Circular, a Quarterly Circular of the list of the most important new publications in the mainland, CJ Stewart (11 King William Street, West Strand) Catalogue of a Dogmatic Polemic, and Ascetical theology. 

[9] On page 200 we found, the Council's order that is dated 5 December. 1737, respecting the disclosure of the band at the Queen Caroline's funeral, signed by, "the TEMPLE STANYAN," topic the query No. 24 p. 382 And a number of answers in our last one, No. 28 p. 460 

------------

WANTED -- MANUSCRIPT OF OLD ENGLISH POETRY:

Borrowed from the Town Residence of a Gentleman within the in last few months, large 4to. MS. Modern binding, early English Poetry, authored by Richard Rolle, from Hampole, which includes, inter alia, issues, Religious Pieces formulated in the form of legislation, and metric Chronicle of Kings of England's style of Lydgate. Since the owner does not remember who borrowed it, and it is very important to point out, he will be obliged to return immediately either directly to himself , or better to, the editor in charge of "Notes and Queries." 1636, 8vo., authored by John Prideaux, Mr. Bishop of Worcester. 

Odd Volume. 

ARMY LIST August 1814. 

-----------------

NOTICE TO THE CORRESPONDENTS. 

Our pages also exhibit a large proportion of RESPONSES. Our next number, which complements our First Volume, will also do the same, as it is, of course, for the conviennce to our readers that the RESPONSES should appear in the same volume and as far as possible along with QUERIES, which they relate to.
