
We are glad to find that the most mysterious and mystified portion of the Greek Geometry is
likely to receive at last a complete elucidation--we mean the "Porisms." There are so many
questions arising out of this subject, respecting the development of the Grecian intellect,
that a full discussion of them is no easy task; especially of those arising out of the conflicting
testimonies furnished by history, and by the internal evidences contained in the existing works
of the "fathers of Geometry." We certainly anticipate, from the known character of the minds
now engaged in this work, that some conclusive evidence as to the state of geometry anterior
to the time of Euclid will be elicited by Messrs. Potts and Davies. The analysis of the writings
of all the authors who have treated on the Porism, will form a subject of interest not only
for its assigning to every author his fair share of credit for his contributions towards perfecting
the poristic method; but for that critical discrimination of principles, which constitutes
one of the marked features of Mr. Davies's writings in the archæology of geometry. We shall
be glad if his slight notice of the intended work shall bring some accession of aid to the
undertaking in the form of subscriptions: as upon adequate support, it appears, must depend
whether the work shall go to press, or the project be abandoned.

We have received the following Catalogues:--Thomas Thorpe's (13. Henrietta Street) General
Catalogue of very Choice, Curious, Rare, and most Interesting Books recently purchased, including
some hundred articles of the utmost rarity. Williams and Norgate's (14. Henrietta Street) No.
24. of German Book Circular, a Quarterly List of the principal New Publications on the Continent;
C.J. Stewart's (11. King William Street, West Strand) Catalogue of Dogmatical, Polemical, and
Ascetical Theology.

    [9] We find at page 200, an Order of the Council, dated Dec. 5.
    1737, respecting the disposition of the band at the funeral of Queen
    Caroline, signed by "TEMPLE STANYAN," the subject of a Query in
    No. 24. p. 382., and of several Replies in our last, No. 28. p. 460.

       *       *       *       *       *

    WANTED.--MANUSCRIPT OF OLD ENGLISH POETRY.--Borrowed, within
    the last few months, from the Town Residence of a Gentleman,
    a large 4to. MS., in modern binding, of Early English Poetry,
    by Richard Rolle, of Hampole; containing, among other matters,
    Religious Pieces couched in the form of Legal Instruments, and
    a Metrical Chronicle of the Kings of England, in the style
    of Lydgate's. As the owner does not recollect to whom it was
    lent, and is very anxious to refer to it, he will be obliged
    by its immediate return, either to himself directly, or, if
    more convenient, to the Editor of "NOTES AND QUERIES." 1636, 8vo., written by John Prideaux,
Lord Bishop of Worcester.

Odd Volume.

ARMY LIST for August 1814.

       *       *       *       *       *

NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS.

Our pages again exhibit a large proportion of REPLIES. Our next Number, which will complete
our First Volume, will do the same, as it is obviously for the convenience of our readers that
the REPLIES should, as far as possible, appear in the same Volume with the QUERIES to which
they relate.
