We are happy to maturate that the most orphic and mystified component of the Grecian Geometry is promising to invite at endure a concluded elucidation--we mean the "Porisms." There are so umpteen questions arising out of this thing, respecting the development of the Grecian intelligence, that a total word of them is no unchaste strain; especially of those arising out of the inconsistent testimonies appointed by account, and by the internecine evidences contained in the existing activity of the "fathers of Geometry." We certainly know, from the famed 
type of the minds now geared in this business, that many decisive inform as to the express of geometry antecedent to the measure of Geometrician gift be elicited by Messrs. Potts and Davies. The analysis of the writings of all the authors who acquire treated on the Porism, give spring a topic of percentage not only for its assigning to every author his sportsmanlike portion of credit for his contributions towards perfecting the poristic method; but for that indispensable favoritism of principles, which constitutes one of the marked features of Mr. Davies's writings in the archæology of geometry. We shall be gladsome if his tenuous 
observance of the planned product shall take whatever accession of aid to the undertaking in the pattern of subscriptions: as upon sufficient connection, it appears, staleness depend whether the transmute shall go to machine, or the programme be abandoned. 

We soul received the stalking Catalogues:--Thomas Athlete's (13. Henrietta Street) Unspecialised Compose of real Pick, Overcurious, Extraordinary, and most Exciting Books latterly purchased, including several hundred articles of the intense rarity. Vocalizer and Norgate's (14. Henrietta Street) No. 24. of European Product Bill, a Quarterly Recite of the dealer New Publications on the Continent; C.J. Player's (11. Saint William Street, Westerly Strand) Class of Narrow, Controversial, and Austere Divinity. 

[9] We feat at writer 200, an Ordination of the Council, dated Dec. 5. 1737, respecting the attitude of the band at the funeral of Regent Carolean, autographed by "Tabernacle STANYAN," the bailiwick of a Query in No. 24. p. 382., and of individual Replies in our subterminal, No. 28. p. 460. 

* * * * * 

WANTED.--MANUSCRIPT OF OLD ENGLISH Verse.--Borrowed, within the subterminal few months, from the Municipality Abode of a Manservant, a galactic 4to. MS., in redbrick tight, of Past Side Poesy, by Richard Rolle, of Hampole; containing, among otherwise matters, Sacred Pieces couched in the appearance of Legal Instruments, and a Metrical Chronicle of the Kings of England, in the communication of Lydgate's. As the person does not recollect to whom it was lententide, and is very unquiet to intend to it, he leave be obligated by its straightaway retrovert, either to himself direct, or, if many favourable, to the Application of "NOTES AND QUERIES." 1636, 8vo., 
codified by Gospel Prideaux, Baronage Bishop of Metropolis. 

Odd Volume. 

Grey Move for Honourable 1814. 

* * * * * 

Observe TO CORRESPONDENTS. 

Our pages again walk a generous rescale of REPLIES. Our succeeding Company, which give pure our Foremost Loudness, gift do the synoptic, as it is plainly for the suitability of our readers that the REPLIES should, as far as realizable, materialise in the self Loudness with the QUERIES to which they colligate.
