It acted first, as before noticed, in leading the attention of all
men to words instead of things; for it was discovered that the language of the middle ages
had been corrupt, and the primal object of every scholar became now to purify his style. To
this study of words, that of forms being added, both as of matters of the first importance,
half the intellect of the age was at once absorbed in the base sciences of grammar, logic,
and rhetoric; studies utterly unworthy of the serious labor of men, and necessarily rendering
those employed upon them incapable of high thoughts or noble emotion. Of the debasing tendency
of philology, no proof is needed beyond once reading a grammarian's notes on a great poet:
logic is unnecessary for men who can reason; and about as useful to those who cannot, as a
machine for forcing one foot in due succession before the other would be to a man who could
not walk: while the study of rhetoric is exclusively one for men who desire to deceive or be
deceived; he who has the truth at his heart need never fear the want of persuasion on his tongue,
or, if he fear it, it is because the base rhetoric of dishonesty keeps the truth from being heard.

ยง C. The study of these sciences, therefore, naturally made men shallow and dishonest in general;
but it had a peculiarly fatal effect with respect to religion, in the view which men took of
the Bible. Christ's teaching was discovered not to be rhetorical, St. Paul's preaching not
to be logical, and the Greek of the New Testament not to be grammatical. The stern truth, the
profound pathos, the impatient period, leaping from point to point and leaving the intervals
for the hearer to fill, the comparatively Hebraized and unelaborate idiom, had little in them
of attraction for the students of phrase and syllogism; and the chief knowledge of the age
became one of the chief stumbling-blocks to its religion.

ยง CI. But it was not the grammarian and logician alone who was thus retarded or perverted;
in them there had been small loss. The men who could truly appreciate the higher excellences
of the classics were carried away by a current of enthusiasm which withdrew them from every
other study. Christianity was still professed as a matter of form, but neither the Bible nor
the writings of the Fathers had time left for their perusal, still less heart left for their
acceptance. The human mind is not capable of more than a certain amount of admiration or reverence,
and that which was given to Horace was withdrawn from David. Religion is, of all subjects,
that which will least endure a second place in the heart or thoughts, and a languid and occasional
study of it was sure to lead to error or infidelity. On the other hand, what was heartily admired
and unceasingly contemplated was soon brought nigh to being believed; and the systems of Pagan
mythology began gradually to assume the places in the human mind from which the unwatched Christianity
was wasting. Men did not indeed openly sacrifice to Jupiter, or build silver shrines for Diana,
but the ideas of Paganism nevertheless became thoroughly vital and present with them at all
times; and it did not matter in the least, as far as respected the power of true religion,
whether the Pagan image was believed in or not, so long as it entirely occupied the thoughts.
