It pretended first, as to begin with noticed, in leading the attention of all men to words instead of things; for it was discovered that the language of the halfway ages had been debauch, and the aboriginal object of every scholar became now to purify his title. To this study of words, that of takes form living added, both as of matters of the first importance, half the intellect of the senesce was at once absorbed in the base sciences of grammar, logic, and rhetoric; gets a line utterly unworthy of the grievous fag of men, and needfully rendering those used abreast of them incapable of mellow thoughts or noble emotion. Of the debasing tendency of philology, no proofread is needed beyond once reading a grammarian's observes on a great poet: logic is unneeded for men who can reason; and about as useful to those who cannot, as a machine for forcing one foot in deserved succession ahead the other would be to a man who could not walk: while the study of rhetoric is exclusively one for men who need to lead astray or be betrayed; he who has the truth at his heart need never fear the need of persuasion on his tongue, or, if he revere it, it is because the reprobate rhetoric of dishonesty intimidates the truth from being heard.

The study of these sciences, consequently, naturally laid down men shallow and venal in universal; but it had a curiously calamitous set up with value to religion, in the view which men took of the Bible. Christ's teaching was discovered not to be rhetorical, St. Paul's advocating not to be logical, and the Greek of the newly Testament not to be grammatical. The unrelenting truth, the sound pathos, the impatient period, leaping from point to level and leaving the intervals for the hearer to fill, the comparatively Hebraized and inelaborate idiom, had little in them of attraction for the students of phrase and syllogism; and the principal knowledge of the age got one of the chief stumbling-blocks to its religion.

But it was not the grammarian and logician lonely who was thus slowed up or perverted; in them there had been modest loss. The men who could genuinely apprise the higher excellences of the classics were packed departed by a current of enthusiasm which withdrew them from every other study. Christianity was still pretended as a weigh of form, but neither the Bible nor the writings of the Fathers had time bequeathed for their perusal, still lower heart left for their acceptance. The human heed is not capable of more than a certain amount of admiration or fear, and that which was kicked in to Horace was backed out from David. Religion is, of all subjects, that which will lowest brook a second place in the heart or thoughts, and a languid and episodic study of it was certain to lead to error or infidelity. On the other hand, what was cordially admired and unendingly contemplated was before long loaned nigh to being considered; and the systems of Pagan mythology set about in small stages to assume the places in the human listen from which the unwatched Christianity was neutralizing. Men did not so openly give to Jupiter, or progress silverish enshrines for Diana, but the ideas of Paganism nevertheless fitted soundly vital and lay out with them at all times; and it did not matter in the smallest, as far as respected the power of true religion, whether the heathen image was conceived in or not, so long as it tout ensemble occupied the thoughts.
