I am not so fond of milk and water, and bread and butter, I can assure
her.

"Ever truly yours, Henry Owen Millington.

"P.S. Capital shooting hereabout--can't you slip over for a few days?"

Poor Julia! I certainly am not clear that I shall not marry her myself; but as for that scoundrel
Millington, he had better take care how he comes in my way--that's all.

M.L.B.

       *       *       *       *       *

Manners & Customs of all Nations.

       *       *       *       *       *

WHITSUN ALE.

(For the Mirror.)

On the Coteswold, Gloucester, is a customary meeting at Whitsuntide, vulgarly called an Ale,
or Whitsun Ale, resorted to by numbers of young people. Two persons are chosen previous to
the meeting, to be Lord and Lady of the Ale or Yule, who dress as suitably as they can to those
characters; a large barn, or other building is fitted up with seats, &c. for the lord's hall.
Here they assemble to dance and regale in the best manner their circumstances and the place
will afford; each man treats his sweetheart with a ribbon or favour. The lord and lady attended
by the steward, sword, purse, and mace-bearer, with their several badges of office, honour
the hall with their presence; they have likewise, in their suit, a page, or train-bearer, and
a jester, dressed in a parti-coloured jacket. The lord's music, consisting of a tabor and pipe,
is employed to conduct the dance. Companies of morrice-dancers, attended by the jester and
tabor and pipe, go about the country on Monday and Tuesday in Whitsun week, and collect sums
towards defraying the expenses of the Yule. All the figures of the lord, &c. of the Yule, handsomely
represented in basso-relievo, stand in the north wall of the nave of Cirencester Church, which
vouches for the antiquity of the custom; and, on many of these occasions, they erect a may-pole,
which denotes its rise in Druidism. The mace is made of silk, finely plaited with ribbons on
the top, and filled with spices and perfumes for such of the company to smell to as desire it.

Halbert H.

       *       *       *       *       *

ANCIENT FUNERAL RITES AMONG THE GREEKS.

(For the Mirror.)

The dead were ever held sacred and inviolable even amongst the most barbarous nations; to defraud
them of any due respect was a greater and more unpardonable sacrilege than to spoil the temples
of the gods; their memories were preserved with a religious care and reverence, and all their
remains honoured with worship and adoration; hatred and envy themselves were put to silence,
for it was thought a sign of a cruel and inhuman disposition to speak evil of the dead, and
prosecute revenge beyond the grave. The ancient Greeks were strongly persuaded that their souls
could not be admitted into the Elysian fields till their bodies were committed to the earth;
therefore the honours (says Potter) paid to the dead were the greatest and most necessary;
for these were looked upon as a debt so sacred, that such as neglected to discharge it were
thought accursed. Those who died in foreign countries had usually their ashes brought home
and interred in the sepulchres of their ancestors, or at least in some part of their native
country; it being thought that the same mother which gave them life and birth, was only fit
to receive their remains, and afford them a peaceful habitation after death.
