I can assure her that I am not so fond of milk, water, bread and butter.

"Sincerely, Henry Owen Millington.

"P.S. Capital shooting hereabout--can't you come visit for a couple of days?"

Poor Julia! Perhaps I will marry her myself; but as for that scoundrel Millington, he had best watch his back!

M.L.B. 

Manners & Customs of all Nations.

* * * * *

WHITSUN ALE.

(For the Mirror.)

On the Coteswold, Gloucester, at Whitsuntide, there often is held by the local teens a great party commonly called an Ale, or Whitsun Ale. Companies of Morris dancers, attended by the jester and tabor and pipe, go about the country on Monday and Tuesday in Whitsun week, and collect money to pay for the party. Two persons are preselected, to be Lord and Lady of the Ale or Yule. They dress up. For the party a large barn, or other building is filled with seats to represent the lord's hall. Here they dance and regale in grand style; each man bringing a gift for his favorite girl. The lord and lady attended by the steward, sword, purse, and mace-bearer, with their several badges of office, honour the hall with their presence; they have likewise, in their suit, a page, or train-bearer, and a jester, dressed in a parti-coloured jacket. The tabor and pipe are played.  All the figures of the lord, &c. of the Yule, handsomely represented in bas-relief, can be seen in the north wall of Cirencester Church, thus proving the antiquity of the custom. On most of these occasions, they also use a maypole, which shows its rise in Druidism. The mace is made of finely plaited silk,  with colorful ribbons on the top, and filled with wonderful spices and perfumes.

Halbert H.

* * * * *

ANCIENT FUNERAL RITES AMONG THE GREEKS.

(For the Mirror.)

The dead were believed sacred even in the most barbarous nations. To cheat them of any due respect was even a more unpardonable sacrilege than spoiling the temples of the gods. Their memories were preserved with reverence, and their bodies honored greatly. It was thought a sign of a very bad person to speak evil of the dead, and seek revenge beyond the grave. The ancient Greeks truly believed that their souls could not be admitted into the Elysian fields (their version of Heaven) till their bodies were buried; therefore the funeral rites were very elaborate. This task was of extreme importance and to overlook it could bring curses upon the transgressor. Those who died in foreign countries had usually their ashes brought home and interred in the sepulchres of their ancestors, or at least somewhere in their own country - it being thought that they should return to the great mother earth from which they originally came.
