When
dwelling on the mystic love of Christ she cries, 'O blood! O fire! O ineffable love!' When
interceding before the Pope, she prays for 'Pace, pace, pace, babbo mio dolce; pace, e non
più guerra.' Yet clear and simple thoughts, profound convictions, and stern moral teaching
underlie her ecstatic exclamations. One prayer which she wrote, and which the people of Siena
still use, expresses the prevailing spirit of her creed: 'O Spirito Santo, o Deità eterna Cristo
Amore! vieni nel mio cuore; per la tua potenza trailo a Te, mio Dio, e concedemi carità con
timore. Liberami, o Amore ineffabile, da ogni mal pensiero; riscaldami ed infiammami del tuo
dolcissimo amore, sicchè ogni pena mi sembri leggiera. Santo mio Padre e dolce mio Signore,
ora aiutami in ogni mio ministero. Cristo amore. Cristo amore.' The reiteration of the word
'love' is most significant. It was the key-note of her whole theology, the mainspring of her
life. In no merely figurative sense did she regard herself as the spouse of Christ, but dwelt
upon the bliss, beyond all mortal happiness, which she enjoyed in supersensual communion with
her Lord. It is easy to understand how such ideas might be, and have been, corrupted, when
impressed on natures no less susceptible, but weaker and less gifted than S. Catherine's.

    [1] The part played in Italy by preachers of repentance
    and peace is among the most characteristic features of
    Italian history. On this subject see the Appendix to my
    'Age of the Despots,' Renaissance in Italy, Part I.

One incident related by Catherine in a letter to Raymond, her confessor and biographer, exhibits
the peculiar character of her influence in the most striking light. Nicola Tuldo, a citizen
of Perugia, had been condemned to death for treason in the flower of his age. So terribly did
the man rebel against his sentence, that he cursed God, and refused the consolations of religion.
Priests visited him in vain; his heart was shut and sealed by the despair of leaving life in
all the vigour of its prime. Then Catherine came and spoke to him: 'whence,' she says, 'he
received such comfort that he confessed, and made me promise, by the love of God, to stand
at the block beside him on the day of his execution.' By a few words, by the tenderness of
her manner, and by the charm which women have, she had already touched the heart no priest
could soften, and no threat of death or judgment terrify into contrition. Nor was this strange.
In our own days we have seen men open the secrets of their hearts to women, after repelling
the advances of less touching sympathy. Youths, cold and cynical enough among their brethren,
have stood subdued like little children before her who spoke to them of love and faith and
penitence and hope. The world has not lost its ladies of the race of S. Catherine, beautiful
and pure and holy, who have suffered and sought peace with tears, and who have been appointed
ministers of mercy for the worst and hardest of their fellow-men. Such saints possess an efficacy
even in the imposition of their hands; many a devotee, like Tuldo, would more willingly greet
death if his S. Catherine were by to smile and lay her hands upon his head, and cry, 'Go forth,
my servant, and fear not!' The chivalrous admiration for women mixes with religious awe to
form the reverence which these saints inspire.
