It has been said that the Mendelian formula has limited applicability as it applies to human heredity. This might potentially be true depending on the grammatical tense in which the statment is made. Certainly, it might also be true heredity in mankind is accurately portrayed by this law. The resulting paradox is quickly rendered. The Only people whose history in heredity pursues this formula are the unit characters. An intricate trait is not passed down as a whole, rather, it's principle components act in heredity as seperate units. It is common knowledge that we are somewhat uninformed regarding this stage in human development. Our ignorance concerning this subject is due to the relative modernity of the topic--we haven't had time to research the issue in-depth. We are not able to say with certainity that a complex trait ir or is not inherited bestowed by some mode of Mendel's law when we simply don't comprehend the nature of units of which it is comprised? We can't make absolute statements regarding Mendellian inheritence of such a trait until it is broken down into units. We know enough about human characteristics to know that a large number of them are known to be heritable according to the formula. However, enough ambiguity exists that some traits don't follow this particular law. This makes it so we can't necessarily assume Mendel's laws to be applied to human heredity for the next couple of years. 

What shall we say about the vast majority of human characteristics? We have seen that on the novelty board we talk on, with certainity the distribution of all peas, though we dwell within the realmn of probability as it apples to the history of a single pea. Mendel's law concerns inheritence at the singular level. When we can't use the formula, we stil allow for the potential of speaking about human heredity as single unit. The statistical method focuses on the group rather than the personal level. Ignorence then causes us to need to procure a better understanding of how we apply statistics in this case. 

This technique is similar to the one used by statisticians when measuring the relativity of any two series of alternate phenomena. If two quantities are so alike that changes in one are accompanied in a same fashion by variations in the other, the two quantities are said to be interrelated. For examplee, the temperature and the rate of growth of sprouting beans are relative in such a way that gain in the former is accompanied in a normal way by gain in the less recent--or the width and height of the head, or the sum ability and the length of the femur similarly vary  together so that they are said to be interrelated to a certain extent that can be measured. This interrelation can result from the fact that one state is a cause, either direct or indirect, of the other. Potentially though,  there may be no causal relation between the two phenomena, both resulting more or less independently typical antecedent condition or cause.
