
It is often said that the Mendelian formula has a very limited applicability to human heredity.
This is probably true if we consider carefully the grammatical tense in which this statement
is made. And yet it is almost certainly true that heredity in man is to be described by this
law. This apparent paradox is easily explained. The only characters whose history in heredity
follows this formula are the unit characters. A complex trait is not heritable, as a whole,
but its components behave in heredity as the separate units. It is perfectly well known that
we are deeply ignorant regarding this phase of human structure. Our ignorance here is not the
necessary kind, however, it is merely due to the newness of the subject--we have not had time
to find out. How can we say that a complex trait is or is not inherited according to some form
of Mendel's law when we do not know the nature of the units of which it is composed? We can
make no statements about the Mendelian inheritance of such a trait until it is factored into
its units. A considerable number of human characteristics are really known to be heritable
according to this formula, enough so that several general rules of human heredity have been
formulated. But it is also quite within the range of possibility that some traits really do
not follow this law, although it cannot yet be said definitely that this is or is not the case.
On the whole, then, we cannot, for the next few years, expect too much from the application
of Mendel's laws to human heredity, however much this is to be regretted.

Shall we then decline to say anything about the heredity of the great bulk of human characteristics?
By no means: we have seen that in our bagatelle board we talk very definitely about the distribution
of all the peas, though only about the probable history of one pea. Mendel's law deals with
individual inheritance. When we cannot apply this formula we have left still the possibility
of talking about human heredity in the group as a whole. That is to say, we have left the opportunity
of describing heredity by the statistical methods, with the crowd, not the individual, as the
unit. Since we are forced into extensive use of this formula by our present and temporary ignorance
of the applicability of Mendel's rule we must get a clear notion of how the statistical method
is applied in this matter.

The method is the same as that employed by the statistician in measuring the relatedness of
any two series of varying phenomena. If two quantities or characteristics are so related that
fluctuations in the one are accompanied in a regular manner by fluctuations in the other, the
two quantities or characters are said to be correlated. For instance, the temperature and the
rate of growth of sprouting beans are related in such a way that increase in the former is
accompanied in a regular way by increase in the latter; or the width and height of the head,
or the total stature and the length of the femur similarly vary regularly together so that
they are said to be correlated to a certain extent which can be measured. This correlation
may result from the fact that one condition is a cause, either direct or indirect, of the other;
or there may be no such causal relation between the two phenomena, both resulting more or less
independently from a common antecedent condition or cause.
