In the finest outer garments there is a patch of blazingly tinted beadwork at the nape of the neck, and the back-flap is adorned with lines of roughly hanging hornbills' feathers; but these afresh are advised befitting only to the outer garments of warriors of verified valour.
The Kayan protect is an oblong plate slash from a lone part of supple wood. Its finishes are sharp more or less acutely; the extent between the points is about four feet. The inward exterior types a flat hollow; the outside is formed by two flat exterior gathering in a flat obtuse bend or ridge expanding from issue to point. The kernel of the timber sprints longitudinally, and a down high ground dropping PARANG is liable to divide the timber and become wedged very fast in it. In alignment to avert the protect evolving split up in this way, and to contain very fast the cutting-edge of the sword, it is compelled over with some stout narrow pieces of rattan which are laced nearly to the timber with finer strips. The handle, carved out of the identical solid impede of timber as the body of the protect, is in the middle of the concave surface; it is a straightforward upright bar for the grab of the left hand. The Kayan protect is routinely stained red with metal oxide, and affected up with very dark pigment, but not else decorated.

Wooden protects of this kind are utilised by nearly all the tribes, but some of them adorn their protects elaborately. The two exterior of nearly all Kenyah protects (Fig. 27) are enclosed with complicated concepts selected out in hues, chiefly red and black. The concepts are sketched out on the timber with the issue of a blade, and the pigment is directed with the digit and a chisel-edged stick. The primary characteristic of the concepts on the outside exterior is in all situations a large conventionalised summarize of a face with large eyes, demonstrated by concentric rounds in red and very dark, and a twice strip of teeth with two in twos of canines projecting like gigantic tusks. This face appears to be human, for, whereas in some protects there is not anything to show this understanding, in other ones the large face surmounts the highly conventionalised summarize of a diminutive human body, the limbs of which are garbled and woven into a more or less elaborate design. Each extremity of the outside exterior is enclosed by a likewise conventionalised face-pattern on a lesser scale. On the inward edge each longitudinal half is enclosed with an complicated scroll-pattern, usually symmetrical in the two halves; the centre of this convention is usually a human number more or less effortlessly recognisable; the two equal half occasionally accept male and feminine numbers respectively.

The protects most valued by the Kenyahs are farther adorned with tufts of human hair taken from the heads of slain enemies. It is put on in numerous lines which approximately border the large face with security devices three or four inches in extent on scalp, cheeks, chin, and top lip; and the lesser faces at the finishes are likewise enclosed with shorter hair. The hair is adhered by compelling the finishes of the tufts into slender slits in the supple timber and protecting it with new resin.

The Klemantan protects are, in the major, variations on the Kenyah patterns. The Murut protects nearly resemble those of the Kayans, though the Dusuns, who have the tame buffalo, use a protect of buffalo-hide adhered to the forearm by a strap -- a characteristic unidentified in all the other kinds, which are conveyed by the handle only.
