In the best hands is not a patch of brightly colored beads in the nape of the neck and back-flap is decorated with rows of feathers hanging freely hornbills, "but they in turn are considered of interest only to the shields of the warriors of established value. 
The Kayan shield is a rectangular plate cut from a single piece of soft wood. Their ends are more or less acute point, the length between points is about four feet. The inner surface forms a hollow flat, the exterior is made of two flat surfaces meeting at an obtuse angle or flat ridge that extends from one point to another. The wood grain runs longitudinally, and partying down fall is liable to split wood quickly and get trapped in it. In order to avoid becoming the shield divided in this way, and to stand firm blade of the sword, is forced through a number of strong strips of rattan which are closely tied to the wood with thin strips. The handle, carved in the same solid block of wood as the body of the shield is in the middle of the concave surface is a simple vertical bar to the left hand. The Kayan shield is commonly stained red with iron oxide, and played with black pigment, but not otherwise decorated. 

wooden shields of this type are used by nearly all tribes, but some of them elaborately decorate their shields. The two surfaces of almost all Kenyah shields (Fig. 27) are covered with elaborate designs chosen in colors, mostly red and black. The designs are outlined in the wood with the tip of a knife, and the pigment is applied with the finger and a chisel-edged stick. The main feature of the designs on the outer surface is in all cases a highly conventionalized schema of a face with large eyes, indicated by concentric circles in red and black, and a double row of teeth with two pairs of tusks protruding as big tusks. This seems to be the human face, because, although in some shields there is nothing to suggest this interpretation, in others the large face highly conventionalized than the schema of a tiny human body, members of which are distorted and tissue are more or less intricate design. Each end of the outer surface is covered by a similar face-conventionalized pattern in a smaller scale. On the inner side of each longitudinal half is covered with an elaborate scheme of travel, usually symmetrical in both halves, the center of this general pattern is a human figure more or less easily recognizable; the two halves sometimes lead male and female figures respectively. 

The shields most prized by the Kenyahs are decorated with strands of hair taken from the heads of dead enemies. Is put into many rows in which approximately the framework of the large face, with blocks of three or four inches long on the scalp, cheeks, chin and upper lip, and the smaller faces at the ends are also surrounded by shorter hair. The hair is attached by forcing the ends of the strips into narrow slots in the soft wood and securing it with fresh resin. 

Klemantan shields are, in general, changes in patterns Kenyah. Shields Murut very similar to those of the Kayans, although Dusuns, who have domesticated buffalo, use a buffalo hide shield attached to the forearm by a strap - a strange property of all other types, which are borne by the handle.
