In the finest coats there is a patch of brightly
coloured beadwork at the nape of the neck, and the back-flap is adorned with rows of loosely
dangling hornbills' feathers; but these again are considered appropriate only to the coats
of warriors of proved valour.

The Kayan shield is an oblong plate cut from a single piece of soft wood. Its ends are pointed
more or less acutely; the length between the points is about four feet. The inner surface forms
a flat hollow; the outer is formed by two flat surfaces meeting in a flat obtuse angle or ridge
extending from point to point. The grain of the wood runs longitudinally, and a downward falling
PARANG is liable to split the wood and become wedged fast in it. In order to prevent the shield
becoming divided in this way, and to hold fast the blade of the sword, it is bound across with
several stout strips of rattan which are laced closely to the wood with finer strips. The handle,
carved out of the same solid block of wood as the body of the shield, is in the middle of the
concave surface; it is a simple vertical bar for the grasp of the left hand. The Kayan shield
is commonly stained red with iron oxide, and touched up with black pigment, but not otherwise
decorated.

Wooden shields of this kind are used by almost all the tribes, but some of them decorate their
shields elaborately. The two surfaces of almost all Kenyah shields (Fig. 27) are covered with
elaborate designs picked out in colours, chiefly red and black. The designs are sketched out
on the wood with the point of a knife, and the pigment is applied with the finger and a chisel-edged
stick. The principal feature of the designs on the outer surface is in all cases a large conventionalised
outline of a face with large eyes, indicated by concentric circles in red and black, and a
double row of teeth with two pairs of canines projecting like huge tusks. This face seems to
be human, for, although in some shields there is nothing to indicate this interpretation, in
others the large face surmounts the highly conventionalised outline of a diminutive human body,
the limbs of which are distorted and woven into a more or less intricate design. Each extremity
of the outer surface is covered by a similarly conventionalised face-pattern on a smaller scale.
On the inner side each longitudinal half is covered with an elaborate scroll-pattern, generally
symmetrical in the two halves; the centre of this pattern is generally a human figure more
or less easily recognisable; the two halves sometimes bear male and female figures respectively.

The shields most prized by the Kenyahs are further decorated with tufts of human hair taken
from the heads of slain enemies. It is put on in many rows which roughly frame the large face
with locks three or four inches in length on scalp, cheeks, chin, and upper lip; and the smaller
faces at the ends are similarly surrounded with shorter hair. The hair is attached by forcing
the ends of the tufts into narrow slits in the soft wood and securing it with fresh resin.

The Klemantan shields are, in the main, variations on the Kenyah patterns. The Murut shields
closely resemble those of the Kayans, though the Dusuns, who have the domesticated buffalo,
use a shield of buffalo-hide attached to the forearm by a strap -- a feature unknown in all
the other types, which are borne by the handle only.
