There has been a meeting of the States-general and the tiers etat is not in preparedness. Do they have any excuse? Pat comes the answer  “ Only few cahiers have been received from the electors and they have been found faulty. It is not possible for us to tell our King, the nation, about the people as to what they were or what they are, what is it that they have and what their requirement is until we get to know about the same from them. Our cahier needs to await the information from the people.” In the meanwhile, the regent, cheekily called Uncle Sam, who governs and administers the land even as his ruler is away in Utopia reads the cahiers of the nobles, laughs in his sleeve seeing the cahier of the clergy, and altogether does not even remember to mention that of the third estate.  If at all he were to think about it, it will be only in terms of the requirement to fill up the twenty-four-volume Census reports and voluminous large books from the other departments.There is less number of cahiers as far as the third estate was concerned and they were just not adequate; but yet some communities have been able to do the job effectively. A good example would be that of The Memorial History of Boston, who have done their work so well, that it brings credit to the Hub of American historical literature. Mainly developed men carried out the work, while many cooks also worked and it was their combination that completed the work. People were very eager to get their hands on such a piece of work, which is said to have earned fifty thousand dollars as net profits after, first year of its publication. If there was one city in the country that had a full, comprehensive, correct and, if it can be said so, exciting history that was Boston. The History of New York by Martha J. Lamb is no doubt an outstanding piece of history detailing; but yet it is not seemingly appearing as full as the other one mentioned. New York indeed has a descriptive graphic and comic history of its early days that no other city has the fortune to call its own; but it was only someone like Diedrich Knickerbocker who could claim accuracy and truthfulness for the unparalleled work of his. One does expect that our older cities—whose foundations had been seen through by Puritans, Dutch traders, Catholic fugitives, Quakers, Casual, and indifferent wasteful spenders of money and villains or scoundrels, Huguenot exiles, and by and large this inexplicable mix up of people who would dream of a land of milk and honey in the seventeenth century and the early part of the eighteenth centuries—it can confirmedly be put down that there would be several historians to recountalmost to the extent of causing a stampede. The very manner of the colonization of America, the brazen scenes of adventure and ingredients for romanticizing and the elements thereof so easily seen in the history of early days on the Atlantic coast are clearly indicative of expectations of such kind and again the occurrences have definitely confirmed  them. But once the romance and adventure have left the field leaving it empty the historian would have ceased to work his way.  Now it shall be the job of the census enumerator and the like who may rule the roost to  complete the job since it is now statistics that takes over from the glamorous and exciting days of history.As for the cities in the heart of the continent there is not much, attractive and charming, with regard to their history and hence you may conclude that the historian would like very much to give it a miss in the sense that he may avoid mentioning much on that or else take to mentioning only the earlier times, when Dame Fortune and Yankee adventurer had the fullest measure of the times with romance and adventure playing top roles. Again it may be safely put up that the critics have gone missing when the curtain is rung up, move out of the house with the ending of this first part with the demise of the aforesaid adventurer. The story is now on with the fickle minded dame going about flirting with all sundry neighboring young men and at the end of the next act shifts her careful attention, led by Captain Location to the hero of the piece as the most suitable match for his unpredictable and difficult to control daughter Miss. Prosperity—this part being taken over by mere rumor or gossip.
