The States General have met and state levels is not clear. What excuse do you have? Quick, it's the answer: "Our voters have been sent but Cahiers few, and these are defective. We can not say to our king, a nation, what people and what they are, what they have and what they want until we say. Our Cahier must wait the pleasure of the people. " Regent Meanwhile, irreverent known as Uncle Sam, who runs the country, while his master is absent in Utopia, reading Cahiers of the nobility, laughing in his sleeve that priests, and forget all the third property . Or if you think about it, just trying to fill his seat with 24 volumes of Census reports and other departments massive Tomes.

Cahiers of the third state are really few and incomplete, but there are some communities that have done their job. For example, the Memorial History of Boston, not credit for Hub of America historical literature. It was the work of grown men, and even the cooks were many, the soup is excellent. The man was hungry, for just one stock as indicated by the fact that it's net income in the first twelve months after publication, as they say, was more than fifty thousand dollars.

Boston is almost the only city in the country that has suffered a complete history, accurate and interesting. The history of New York, by Martha J. Lamb is not as complete as would have liked, but otherwise challenged. New York is fortunate to have the most graphic and humorous story of his childhood, a city in the world has ever had, but no exception Diedrich Knickerbocker himself never claimed a lot of accuracy and veracity of his wonderful work.

It was expected that the larger cities - those whose seeds were planted by the Puritans, Dutch traders, refugees, Catholics, Quakers, Caballero and clean wasteful nor thieves, the Huguenot exiles, and in general to the motley crowd who sought land milk and honey in the seventeenth century and first part of the eighteenth century - it was hoped that these cities have historians ad nauseam. The very nature of early American colonization, the elements of romance and adventure, so conspicuous in the history of the beginnings of the Atlantic Coast, as justifying such expectation, and the event has justified them. But where the romance and adventure end, the historian puts his pen. It is left to the census enumerator to complete the work, and the bronze age of the statistics is the golden age of history.

As cities in the heart of the continent has very little of the picturesque in its history, would the same reasoning leads us to expect that the historian carefully avoid them, or write only from its earliest days, when Fortuna was flirting on stage with Mr. Yankee adventurer. Again, not bad, because we believe that some critics are when the curtain is played, leaving the house when the first act ends with the death of the previous adventures. How fickle lady flirts with all the young neighbors, and ultimately the end of the second act, with his attention, led by captain placement for the hero of the piece as a suitable match for his wayward daughter, Miss Prosperity - All this is usually writes rumors.
