I am not going to tell you precisely what happened, but Jane found a "way out," and with her departure from this life my interest in the book vaporised. Mrs. HENRY DUDENEY has unable gifts as a synchronic writer, and my alone complaint against her is that vulgar Jane was not allowed to exist, for in the Army or out of it she was worth a whole platoon of John-Andrews. The Vagueners, I may add, were not a petty unbalanced, but then they were Cornish, and novelists persist in treating Cornwall as if it were a delirious duchy.

* * * * *

I don't call up I can honorably recommend Mr. HUGH ELLIOT'S volume on Herbert Spencer (CONSTABLE) as roost reading, though the sinful may full merry over the philosopher's first swear-word, at the age of thirty-six, in the consider of a tangled fishing-line, and may be kindled at the later project of a middle-aged sportsman shinning, effectively too, after a Neapolitan who had pinched his opera-glasses. okay human traits these in a character which will happen upon the normal man as confusingly dissimilar the universal campaign of the species. The serious-flippant reader, tackling Mr. ELLIOT'S elaborate and dawning examines, may get an impression of an obstinate old apriorist, a sort of black Knight of Philosophyland, with all manner of reasoned-out "inventions" at his saddle-bow (labelled "Homogeneity-Heterogeneity," "unknowable," "haunt Theory," "Presentative-Representative"), which don't seem, somehow, as helpful as their inventor usurps. And 'tis certain he took casts out into many of the pits of his dangerous deductive method. I don't salute this as Mr. ELLIOT'S see. He is respectful-critical, and makes by chance the best case for his old  exact to greatness out of the assumption that SPENCER himself, stark enemy to authority and dogmatism, would have opted his biographer's critical examination to any wide-eyed "master's-voice" reproduction of Spencerian doctrine. I call into question if he would!


Miss F.E. mills about  newest story has at least this much merit about it, that no one who has estimated the style can sound off thenceforth of receiving been considered short by the move of the narrative. That is possibly as well, for, birthing discovered in the affording chapters a sufficiently magical Pamela living in perpetual honeymoon with a partner rich, better-looking and with no particular occupation to interfere with outright motor trips and dinner parties, we may have opined the tale was stripping down to remain a pretty meaningless thing like that all through, and so have been as much shocked as the heroine herself on reading the disastrous letter. But, since we humped the book to be prognosticated straight out The Bigamist (LANE), we could have no conceivable difficulty in prevising the emergence of that other wife from the interred retiring ready to swoop up down on poor niggling Pam at her most well-chosen. And of course she duly looked. Not that such happiness could in any case have survived long, for the man was, flatly, a cur, not meriting the notice of any of the preferably anserine women he dealt to attract--there were three of them--and not particularly worth your attention either for that weigh. Having aforementioned so much I can lief leave the rest to your perusal, or, nicer possibly, your imagination, only hinting that the conclusion has something of dignity that does a younger to redeem the volume.
