I am not going to tell you exactly what happened,
but Jane found a "way out," and with her departure from this life my interest in the book evaporated.
Mrs. HENRY DUDENEY has notable gifts as a descriptive writer, and my only complaint against
her is that vulgar Jane was not allowed to live, for in the Army or out of it she was worth
a whole platoon of John-Andrews. The Vagueners, I may add, were not a little mad, but then
they were Cornish, and novelists persist in treating Cornwall as if it were a delirious duchy.

       *       *       *       *       *

I don't think I can honourably recommend Mr. HUGH ELLIOT'S volume on Herbert Spencer (CONSTABLE)
as light reading, though the ungodly may wax merry over the philosopher's first swear-word,
at the age of thirty-six, in the matter of a tangled fishing-line, and may be kindled at the
later picture of a middle-aged sportsman shinning, effectively too, after a Neapolitan who
had pinched his opera-glasses. Fine human traits these in a character which will strike the
normal man as bewilderingly unlike the general run of the species. The serious-flippant reader,
tackling Mr. ELLIOT'S elaborate and acute analyses, may get an impression of an obstinate old
apriorist, a sort of White Knight of Philosophyland, with all manner of reasoned-out "inventions"
at his saddle-bow (labelled "Homogeneity-Heterogeneity," "Unknowable," "Ghost Theory," "Presentative-Representative"),
which don't seem, somehow, as helpful as their inventor assumes. And 'tis certain he took tosses
into many of the pits of his dangerous deductive method. I don't present this as Mr. ELLIOT'S
view. He is respectful-critical, and makes perhaps the best case for his old master's claim
to greatness out of the assumption that SPENCER himself, stark enemy to authority and dogmatism,
would have preferred his biographer's critical examination to any mere "master's-voice" reproduction
of Spencerian doctrine. I wonder if he would!

       *       *       *       *       *

Miss F.E. MILLS YOUNG'S newest story has at least this much merit about it, that no one who
has seen the title can complain thereafter of having been taken unawares by the course of the
narrative. That is perhaps as well, for, having discovered in the opening chapters a sufficiently
charming Pamela living in perpetual honeymoon with a partner rich, good-looking and with no
particular occupation to interfere with unlimited motor trips and dinner parties, we might
have imagined the tale was going to remain a jolly meaningless thing like that all through,
and so have been as much shocked as the heroine herself on reading the fatal letter. But, since
we knew the book to be called straight out The Bigamist (LANE), we could have no possible difficulty
in foreseeing the emergence of that other wife from the buried past ready to pounce down on
poor little Pam at her happiest. And of course she duly appeared. Not that such happiness could
in any case have lasted long, for the man was, flatly, a cur, not deserving the notice of any
of the rather foolish women he managed to attract--there were three of them--and not particularly
worth your attention either for that matter. Having said so much I can gladly leave the rest
to your perusal, or, better perhaps, your imagination, only hinting that the conclusion has
something of dignity that does a little to redeem the volume.
