Ritual Swapping

Put very simply, Christianity was spawned from Pagan Creeds and practices; therefore, numerous similarities are drawn from the two. Scholarship on these two subjects is too broad to include all examples of these similarities, but as readers continue, inklings of the truth of the origins of Christianity will become clear.

Before the beginning of History, religious beliefs and rituals began to form within the earliest recorded human beings--sometimes known as "cavemen." Throughout time, religion has shifted and changed form, but has always encapsulated key fundamental values that have transgressed time. These values have been widely accepted into a multitude of religious associations/churches (i.e., Indian, Egyptian, Mithraic, Christian, etc.). Just by the recitation, every Sunday, of the "Apostles' Creed," one can create a time line in which our core values have been molded.

Each story begins with the All-Mighty Father, impregnating a virgin who inevitably gives birth to the future "savior" of the people. This "savior-figure" is eventually killed by those less worthy, is buried, and later rises from the dead to become a renown figure in heaven to all those living on Earth. Later, Churches (sometimes called Tribes) begin to form, and all are bound together by Communion, or Eucharisty, which forgives all people of their sins through the sacrifice of the savior. Each belief-systems falls of the assurance of life after death. This is not to say that every form of Pagan religious belief falls upon the words of "Apostles' Creed"; however, the beliefs which are noticed in the creed are explained in their entirety and include non-Christian, Pragan practices.

There is no way to tell if one core set of beliefs came from one central creation, and thus assembled into all the world's religions throughout time. However, there is proof that indicates that religious beliefs were of random human creation, and have evolved throughout time, ranging in difference depending on the location, and race of the people who embody the belief system. These belief systems were largely influenced by self-awareness within human beings, and having an understanding of the way that each person develops as an individual.
