I learn this from a MS. of the period, now before me, entitled
Some Account of the Sufferinges of the Ladye Jane of Westmorlande, who dyed in Exile. By T.C.
Perhaps at some future time I may trouble your readers with an account of this highly interesting
MS.

EDWARD F. RIMBAULT.

Gray and Dodsley.--As the HERMIT OF HOLYPORT has repeated his Queries on Gray and Dodsley,
I must make a second attempt to answer them with due precision, assured that no man is more
disposed than himself to communicate information for the satisfaction of others.

1. Gray: In the first edition of the Elegy the epithet in question is droning; and so it stands
in the Poems of Gray, as edited by himself, in 1753, 1768, &c.

2. Dodsley: The first edition of the important poetical miscellany which bears his name was
published in 1748, in three volumes, 12mo.

BOLTON CORNEY.

       *       *       *       *       *

MISCELLANEOUS.

NOTES ON BOOKS, SALES, CATALOGUES, ETC.

The New Classical Dictionary of Biography, Mythology, and History, may be considered as the
third in that important series of Classical Dictionaries for which the world is indebted to
the learning of Dr. Smith. The present Dictionary may be divided into three portions. The Biographical,
which includes all the historical names of importance which occur in the Greek and Roman writers,
from the earliest times down to the extinction of the Western Empire; those of all Greek and
Roman writers, whose works are either extant or known to have exercised an influence upon their
respective literatures; and, lastly, those of all the more important artists of antiquity.
In the Mythological division may be noticed first, the discrimination, hitherto not sufficiently
attended to, between the Greek and Roman mythology, and which in this volume is shown by giving
an account of the Greek divinities under their Greek names, and the Roman divinities under
their Latin names; and, secondly, what is of still more consequence, the care to avoid as far
as possible all indelicate allusions in the respective histories of such divinities. Lastly,
in the Geographical portion of the work, and which will probably be found the most important
one, very few omissions will be discovered of names occurring in the chief classical writers.
This brief sketch of the contents of this New Classical Dictionary will satisfy our readers
that Dr. Smith has produced a volume, not only of immense value to those who are entering upon
their classical studies, but one which will be found a most useful handbook to the scholar
and the more advanced student.

The Greek Church, A Sketch, is the last of the Shilling Series in which Mr. Appleyard has described
{486} the different sections of Christendom, with a view to their ultimate reunion. Like its
predecessors, the volume is amiable and interesting, but being historical rather than doctrinal,
is scarcely calculated to give the uninformed reader a very precise view of the creed of the
Greek Church. It may serve, however, to assure us that the acrimony of religious discussion
and the mutual jealousy of Church and State, which disquiets so many minds at present, was
more than matched in the days of Constantine and Athanasius.

The last part of the Transactions of the Academy of Sciences of Berlin contains two papers
by Jacob Grimm, which will doubtless be perused with great interest in this country.
