It came to my knowledge of an article that was titled, the Sufferinges of the Ladye Jane of Westmorlande, who dyed in Exile. By T.C. Maybe I will use the opportunity at a later time to interest you of an account of this superbly exciting MS.

EDWARD F. RIMBAULT.

Gray and Dodsley.-- As the HERMIT OF HOLYPORT has repeated his Queries on Gray and Dodsley, it is imperative that I make a second attempt to answer these queries with much precision, assured that no man is more disposed than himself to disseminate this information for others to enjoy.

1. Gray: In the first edition of the Elegy the epithet in question is droning; and so it stands in the Poems of Gray, as edited by himself, in 1753, 1768, &c.

2. Dodsley: The first edition of the important poetical miscellany which bears his name was published in 1748, in three volumes, 12mo.

BOLTON CORNEY.

* * * * *

MISCELLANEOUS.

NOTES ON BOOKS, SALES, CATALOGUES, ETC.

In the series of Classical Dictionaries, The New Classical Dictionary of Biography, Mythology, and History can be considered to be the third most important of that series for which mankind owes its gratitude to the knowledge of Dr Smith. The contents of the present Dictionary can be classified into three sections. Firstly, the Biographical,contains all the historical names which are classified by importance which occur in the Greek and Roman writers. These writers have written works which are known to have had some influence upon their respective literatures. Not forgetting artists in antiquity.

In the Mythological division may be noticed first, the prejudiced, as yet not adequately attended to, between the Greek and Roman mythology, and which in this volume is shown by giving an explanation of the Greek divinities under their Greek names, and the Roman divinities under their Latin names; and, secondly, what is of the result, careful to avoid as far as possible all indecorous references in the respective histories of such divinities mentioned earlier. 

Lastly, in the Geographical portion of the work by Dr Smith, which is the most important volume, very few changes to the text will be discovered of names happening in the chief classical writers. 

This summarized outline of the contents of this New Classical Dictionary will give our readers satisfaction that Dr. Smith has produced a volume, not only of huge value to those who are entering upon their classical studies, but one which will be found a very useful notebook for the scholar and the  students who are pursuing further studies on that subject.

The Greek Church, A Sketch, is the last of the Shilling Series in which Mr. Appleyard has accounted {486} for the various sections of Christendom, with a view to their ultimate reunion. Similar to its predecessors, the volume is good-humored and worth reading, but being historical rather than doctrinal, the series is scarcely calculated to give the uninformed reader an accurate depiction of the creed of the Greek Church. It may be used, however, to assure us that the bitterness of religious debate and the mutual jealousy of Church and State, which causes uneasiness in many people today, was more than matched in the days of Constantine and Athanasius.

The last part of the Transactions of the Academy of Sciences of Berlin contains two papers by Jacob Grimm, which will no doubt be examined with great interest in this state.
