All
    bidders showing a disposition to bid for right, title, and
    interest of the Exposition Company to all salvage except as
    stated were treated alike. Certified checks were not required on
    these later bids. The negotiations were carried on verbally with
    the bidders in turn, it being understood that the company would
    insist upon what it deemed to be an adequate cash payment when
    the contract of sale was concluded.

    The secretary of the company is authorized to say that the
    executive committee courts the fullest investigation of all
    circumstances connected with the sale of the salvage and that if
    the National Commission shall deem it necessary to include in
    its report mention of the allegations contained in the letter of
    the president of the Commission, dated February 28, the
    committee asks that in justice to the Exposition Company such
    investigation shall be made and the conclusions of the
    Commission shall be given.

    Very respectfully,
    WALTER B. STEVENS,
    Secretary.

    Mr. LAURENCE H. GRAHAME,
    Secretary National Commission, Washington, D.C.

Another communication bearing on the disposition of the salvage was received from Mr. Stevens,
as follows:

    MARCH 23, 1905.

    DEAR SIR: At a meeting of the National Commission on the 20th
    the suggestion was made by a member of the Commission that the
    answer to allegation third did not fully cover the ground.

    The purpose was to answer that no higher bid than that made by
    the Chicago House Wrecking Company was received either before;
    at the time, or after the sum of $450,000 had been agreed upon
    to be recommended by the committee on salvage.

    On the 30th of November, early in the day, the Chicago House
    Wrecking Company made a bid for $420,000. Up to that time and
    during that day the next highest bid was under $400,000. Late in
    the day, the 30th of November, the salvage committee, after
    conference with all bidders who presented themselves, made the
    proposition to the Chicago House Wrecking Company that if it
    would raise its bid from $420,000 to $450,000 the committee
    would recommend acceptance by the executive committee.

Under the act of Congress the Commission had no power to undertake a more thorough investigation
of the charges and allegations made in respect to the manner in which the salvage of the exposition
had been disposed of.

Without authority to send for persons and papers, to administer oaths, or to compel witnesses
to testify, any further attempt upon the part of the Commission to inquire into the salvage
matter would have been futile and ineffective. If any further action is to be taken to ascertain
whether or not the financial interest of the United States has been sacrificed by the manner
in which the salvage was disposed of, the inquiry must be conducted by some committee or official
having these powers, which the Commission did not possess.

A careful perusal of the law under which the Commission was appointed will show the narrow
limits of its legal authority, and the records disclose the policy of the Exposition Company
not only to confine the Commission strictly within the narrowest limits of the law, but also
to question and resist the exercise of its authority in many instances where the law seemed
to place such authority beyond question.
