Certified checks were not required on these later bids. All bidders showing a disposition to bid for right, title, and interest of the Exposition Company to all salvage except as stated were treated alike. The negotiations were carried on verbally with the bidders in turn, it being understood that the company would demand upon what it estimated to be an adequate cash payment when the contract of sale was finalized. 
The secretary of the company is granted permission to say that the executive committee courts the fullest examination of all circumstances connected with the sale of the salvage and that if the National Commission shall reason it necessary to include in its report mention of the allegations contained in the letter of the president of the Commission, dated February 28, the committee requests that in justice to the Exposition Company such investigation shall be made and the conclusions of the Commission shall be offered. 
Very respectfully, WALTER B. STEVENS, Secretary. 
Mr. LAURENCE H. GRAHAME, Secretary National Commission, Washington, D.C. 
Another communication bearing on the disposition of the salvage was received from Mr. Stevens: 
MARCH 23, 1905. 
DEAR SIR: At a meeting of the National Commission on the 20th the suggestion was offered by a member of the Commission that the answer to allegation third did not fully cover the ground. 
The purpose was to answer that no higher bid than the Chicago House Wrecking Company’s was received either before; at the time, or after the sum of $450,000 had been deemed to be recommended by the committee on salvage. 
On the 30th of November, early in the day, the Chicago House Wrecking Company offered a bid for $420,000. The next highest bid was under $400,000. Late in the day, the 30th of November, the salvage committee, after conference with all bidders who made offeres, made the proposition to the Chicago House Wrecking Company that if it would raise its bid from $420,000 to $450,000 the committee would recommend acceptance by the executive committee. 
Under the act of Congress the Commission had no authority to undertake a thorough investigation of the charges and allegations brought in respect to the manner in which the salvage of the exposition had been disposed of. 
With no authority to send for persons and papers, to administer oaths, or to compel witnesses to testify, any further attempt upon the part of the Commission to inquire into the salvage matter would have been out of jurisdiction. If any further action is to be taken to ascertain whether or not the financial interest of the United States has been sacrificed by the manner in which the salvage was disposed of, the inquiry must be conducted by some committee or official having these powers, which the Commission does not have. 
A careful perusal of the law under which the Commission was given will show the narrow scope of its legal limits, and the records disclose the policy of the Exposition Company not only to confine the Commission strictly within the narrowest limits of the law, but also to question and resist the exercise of its power in many instances where the law seemed to place such authority beyond reasonable doubt.
