The Government of The King have thought about your Excellency's questions, speaking on behalf of your Government, that were delivered on the 8th inst.  These questions were about the range and type of steps outlined during the declarations of the French and British on 1 March, and talked about hampering Germany's trading.  The explanation and illustration given by Your Excellency showed that the US Government have had much difficulty in taking a definite side regarding this course of action as a result of their not knowing how they will impact neutral countries' business.

2. Rest Assured, Your Excellency, that with a view to the absolute necessity that we restrict German trading, my King's Government have initially laid out plans to cause as least disruption as possible to neutral countries' trade.  I hope that any doubts your Exzcellency may have will vanish after reading through this document, and that my only task is to make some cursory remarks.

3.

4. His Majesty and His Government is loath to impose penalties on neutral vessels arising from a blockade should there be any breach.  Given their wish to reduce the load that neutral ships must inevitably bear, they have decided not after all to take any ships or cargo fo themselves as a result of a breach of the blockade.  All they want to do is stop this cargo from reaching enemy lands.

5. As far as cotton is concerned, I believe we have covered already the provisional arragements.  We have tried to consider the US cotton trade as much as possible.

6. Last but not least, pertaining to your Excellency's last-but-one paragraph, I swear on King's life that we do not intend to impede on neutral vessels' wishes to take to the Mediterranean the cargo of our enemies, if they are non contraband in nature.

The next section, the Order In Council, has already been printed.

American Ambassador, London

VI

The French Government transmitted the following message:

PARIS, March 14, 1915.

Here is the French Government's response:

"In your letter dated th March you explained succinctly the US Government's intentions arising from the correspondance of France and Britain regarding a possible blockade against Germany.  From what I read, I was confused about the Allies' statement about its application.  As a result, please instruct the US Government exactly how it should react.

In this same letter your Excellency informed me the US Government were a little worried that the war-mongering Allies may take a ship in American waters, if this is indeed a blockading action.  While I recognise that this grants the possibilitiy of finding a new way to battle the submarines and their new guises, this would apply even if it had just escaped the cruisers in Europe."
