His Majesty's Government have had under careful consideration the inquiries which, under
instructions from your Government, your Excellency addressed to me on the 8th inst., regarding
the scope and mode of application of the measures foreshadowed in the British and French declarations
of the 1st of March, for restricting the trade of Germany. Your Excellency explained and illustrated
by reference to certain contingencies the difficulty of the United States Government in adopting
a definite attitude toward these measures by reason of uncertainty regarding their bearing
upon the commerce of neutral countries.

"2. I can at once assure your Excellency that subject to the paramount necessity of restricting
German trade his Majesty's Government have made it their first aim to minimize inconvenience
to neutral commerce. I apprehend that the perplexities to which your Excellency refers will
for the most part be dissipated by the perusal of this document, and that it is only necessary
for me to add certain explanatory observations.

"3.

"4. His Majesty's Government has felt most reluctant, at the moment of initiating a policy
of blockade, to exact from neutral ships all the penalties attaching to a breach of blockade.
In their desire to alleviate the burden which the existence of a state of war at sea must inevitably
impose on neutral sea-borne commerce, they declare their intention to refrain altogether from
the exercise of the right to confiscate ships or cargoes which belligerents have always claimed
in respect of breaches of blockade. They restrict their claim to the stopping of cargoes destined
for or coming from the enemy's territory.

"5. As regards cotton, full particulars of the arrangements contemplated have already been
explained. It will be admitted that every possible regard has been had to the legitimate interests
of the American cotton trade.

"6. Finally, in reply to the penultimate paragraph of your Excellency's note, I have the honor
to state that it is not intended to interfere with neutral vessels carrying enemy cargo of
non-contraband nature outside European waters, including the Mediterranean."

(Here follows the text of the Order in Council, which already has been printed.)

American Ambassador, London.

VI.

FRENCH GOVERNMENT'S ANSWER.

The French Government transmitted the following message:

PARIS, March 14, 1915.

French Government replies as follows:

"In a letter dated March 7 your Excellency was good enough to draw my attention to the views
of the Government of the United States regarding the recent communications from the French
and British Governments concerning a restriction to be laid upon commerce with Germany. According
to your Excellency's letter, the declaration made by the allied Governments presents some uncertainty
as regards its application, concerning which the Government of the United States desires to
be enlightened in order to determine what attitude it should take.

"At the same time your Excellency notified me that, while granting the possibility of using
new methods of retaliation against the new use to which submarines have been put, the Government
of the United States was somewhat apprehensive that the allied belligerents might (if their
action is to be construed as constituting a blockade) capture in waters near America any ships
which might have escaped the cruisers patrolling European waters.
