
More than even civilization itself, are at fault those pernicious abnormities, rare monstrosities,
which are transmitted from generation to generation, or are also often newly developed and
appear to belong to our civilization. If we want to prevent the increase of insanity, we must
endeavor to do away with these monstrosities and eccentricities from our social life which
remove mankind more and more, in a pernicious manner, from its natural development and from
the normal conditions of moral and physical life; we must endeavor to kill these poisonous
offshoots of pseudo civilization, which are the enemies of the normal existence of man. It
is necessary to liberate the individual, as well as the entire society of modern times, from
the potentiated egotism which spurs man on in overhaste, and in all departments of mental and
physical life, to a feverish activity, and then leads to an early senile decay of both body
and mind; from that terrible materialism which causes the modern individual in every class
of society to find satisfaction in over excited taste and ingenious luxury. It is necessary
to strengthen more than has been done heretofore the young, by means of their education, in
their physical development, and at the same time to diminish, in proper proportion, the amount
of mental over-exertion; and finally it is necessary to fight against, to do away with, those
habits of modern society-life which have a pernicious influence upon the physical as well as
the mental and moral organization of man. And of these latter, there is none so lasting in
its effects, none so harmful to the physical as well as moral life, as the abuse of intoxicating
liquors.

Intemperance is an inexhaustible source of the development and increase of insanity. It demands
our undivided attention, not only on account of its existing relation, but particularly because
intemperance, among all the factors which aid in the increase of insanity, can best be diminished,
and its influence weakened, through the will of the single individual, as well as of society
as a whole. The relation between intemperance and insanity is so definite and clear, that it
is not necessary to adduce proofs of this fact. I will not refer to the writings of the older
authors, such as Rush, in America; Hutchison, Macnish, Carpenter, and others, in England; Huss
and Dahl, in Sweden; Ramaer, in Holland; Esquirol, Pinel Brierre de Boismont, Morel, and others,
in France; Flemming, Jameson, Roller, Griesinger, and others, in Germany. I could name a much
larger number of the greatest modern authorities on insanity, who are all unanimous in their
opinion that the increase of intemperance (alcoholism) produces a corresponding increase of
insanity. Of especial interest is this fact in those countries in which the consumption of
concentrated alcohol, and particularly in the form of whiskies distilled from potatoes and
corn, has only in later years become general. Thus Lunier has shown the number of alcoholic
insane increased by ten per cent. in those departments in which more whisky and less wine is
consumed.

In Italy a similar result has been reached by investigation; and in that country (according
to Kanti, Sormani, Vesay, Rareri, Castiglione, Ferri, and others) the frequency of insanity
caused by the abuse of alcohol stands in an unmistakable relation to the consumption of alcohol
in certain provinces of Italy.
