Insanity or madness lives on in our civilized society. Mental illness is genetic and can be passed down to the next generation. Prevention measures include living a balanced lifestyle away from extremities. To be extreme in thoughts or actions will result in one being eccentric or worse, do monstrous or unspeakable acts like murder or suicide. The morality and human physical health must be emphasized. Try to lead as normal a life as possible. Being too egoistic or narcissistic is bad for your mind.  Impulse is a strong emotion for any man in the modern society. One must try to rein in his or her extreme emotions and try one's best to be moderate. By succumbing to your impulses all the time, you risk getting senile easily as you age. The materialistic society we live in goes for instant gratification, while ignoring the long term consequences. Every luxury good acquired would excite the senses but the novelty soon wears off. Thus, the young should learn to be less materialistic and develop a more mature and stable personality. It is important not to over-exert oneself mentally and to lead a more relaxed lifestyle. The physical well-being of the human body is maintained through exercise. Don't abuse alcohol. This is the fight against pernicious insanity which is like an intoxicating poison to the mind.

By moderating your moods and impulses, one is less likely to be driven to insanity since madness feeds on wild mood swings. The will power of the self is vital to protect one from being vulnerable to persistent intemperance and thus, insanity. The earlier writers, Rush from America; Hutchison, Macnish, Carpenter and others from England; Huss and Dahl from Sweden; Ramaer from Holland; Esquinol, Pinel Brierre de Boismont, Morel and others from France; and Flemming, Jameson, Roller, Griesinger and others from Germany - all of them have proven the relationship between mood swings and insanity. I could give more proof from the big authrities on this subject matter. They are unanimous in believing that the addiction to alcohol or intemperance would make one more prone to insanity. This is especially the case in countries where heavy consumption of strong alcohol such as whisky is common. Therefore, Lunier has proven the alcoholic insane there to be more by ten percent.

According to Kanti, Sormani, Vesay, Rareri, Castiglione, Ferri and other relevent authorities, a similar result is shown as above; in certain provinces of Italy; where the alcohol-induced madness increase with over-consumption of strong alcohol rather than wine.
