
The leading motive in the foundation of this station was the desire to apply to the Atlantic
salmon the system of rearing fish to the age of at least several months before liberating them.
This motive has determined not only the principal subjects of the work, but also to a considerable
extent the fixtures and methods. The scheme of work was determined in outline several years
before the acquisition of full title to the premises, and, circumstances rendering it desirable
to enter at once on its development, it became necessary to have recourse to movable apparatus,
pending authority for permanent improvements.

Hence the erection of a series of small troughs in the open air, which gave such excellent
satisfaction that enlargement took the same direction; and it has thus come about that the
rearing operations of the station down to the present time have been almost exclusively conducted
in open-air troughs. A series of ponds has been constructed, but with the exception of a few
small ones none of them have been as yet brought into use.

The troughs are for the most part such as are used in the hatchery for the maturing of spawn,
and their form and size have been adapted to the hatching apparatus which has been in use at
the Maine station for many years. The eggs are developed on wire-cloth trays measuring 12 and
one half inches in width and length, and the troughs are therefore 12 and three quarter inches
wide. Their depth is 9 inches and their length is 10 feet 6 inches. Such short troughs were
adopted for two reasons:

(1) It was thought that a greater length might involve the exposure of the eggs near the lower
end to the danger of a partial exhaustion of the air from the water by the eggs above them;

(2) these short troughs are very convenient to cleanse and to move about for repairs or other
purposes. They are made of pine boards seven-eighths inch thick. On the inside they are planed
and varnished with asphaltum. When used for rearing fish each trough is fitted with a pair
of thin wooden covers reaching its entire length hinged to the sides and meeting each other,
when closed, at a right angle, forming; as it were, a roof over the trough. When closed they
protect from predatory birds and other vermin; when open they are fixed in an upright position,
in effect adding to the height of the sides and preventing the fish jumping out. The time spent
in opening and closing the troughs is by this arrangement reduced to a minimum.

Water is fed through wooden tubes, and the volume admitted is regulated by slides The exit
of the water is through another tube or hollow plug standing upright near the lower end of
the trough, and by its height governing the depth of the water. The outlet tube is movable
and is taken out in cleaning. A wire-cloth screen just above the outlet tube prevents the fish
escaping.

In a trough of standard size 2,000 fry are generally placed, and to accommodate the large numbers
of fish reared we bring into use sometimes nearly 200 troughs which are of necessity placed
in the open air. They are arranged in pairs with their heads against the feed troughs, supported
by wooden horses at a convenient height from the ground. They are given an inclination of about
2 inches to facilitate cleaning.

The volume of water fed to each trough has varied from time to time, but is ordinarily about
5 gallons per minute, which renews the water every four minutes.
