Fish Hatchery:

The fundamental idea of this Hatchery is to have an excellent system of raring the Atlantic Salmon fish, for a few months prior to releasing them on freedom for natural growth.  All aspects are taken into consideration with sufficient materials of forethought and planning embibed into principles of fish raring and care.  Therefore an elaborated scheme on principles was made in consultation with experts considering all aspets such as location,aquisition of location,raw material, resources and has developed methods on movable apparatus and equipments to suit the systems for  day to-day innovate improvements.

So, a number of small troughs were fabricated and erected in the open-air by which the contentment felt was very high and "kaisen" progress was made on these troughs into larger sizes and thereby attained the present scenario of open-air "Salmon Hatchery Center".

The hatching apparatus which was used in Main Hatchery centers were modified and adapted to the present size, for maturing of spawn, is an essential integral part of hatching.

Measurement of wire-cloth trays : 12.5'x12.5' (size in length and breadth)
Troughs : size :- 10'6"x9"x12'(lengthxdepthxwidth)

The reason for adopting such troughs are:-
1)If the tray is more long it would be more convenient for the eggs to be at the lower portion and it may not be endangered by the exhaustion of air.

2)It was also thought of convenience on cleaning. A pine board of 7/8" thickness was used by varnishing with asphaltum.This trough which was made as per above specifications were also procided with a pair of thin wooden covers by taking care of its full length to have a clean cover to pretect it from predatory birds and vermin.  The opening system would protect the fish from jumping out as it stands upright when opened and easy to manage it within limited time.

To feed the water into the tray, the wooden tubes are usedand the supply of and the volume of water is regulated through another tubes which would maintain the height and stability. The out let tube is fitted at the bottom of the tray is having a wire-cloth screen to arrest the escapements. The tube fitted at the bottom was movable for cleaning purposes.

The standard size of trough is 2000 fry which would be feacible to accomodate more fishes and many times around 200 trays were places in open-air.  It is arranged by placing in pairs, keeping heads aginst the feeding troughs fitted with wooden horses at a suitable height.  An inclination difference of 2" are given for cleaning fescility.

The water is renewed in every four minutes and the approximate volume of  water pumped in is around 5 gallons per minute.
