There was a pleasing expression with the countenance.  Other muscles become involved as the disease advances, but unless found incomprehensive the condition is referred to as that of weak kindness.  As though he was laughing the cheeks and upper lip are raised, the nose looked shortened, and there were wrinkles in the skin bridging in transverse lines and oblique lines on the sides.  The front teeth in the upper jaw are exposed generally.  An obvious naso-labial fold is discernible which ran from the wing to each nostril up to the corner of the mouth and it is often doubled in the case of old people.. 
[11] refer to similar comments by Dr. J. Crichton Browne in `Journal of Mental Science,' April, 1871, p. 149. 
An amused state of mind can be marked by bright and sparkling eyes as the retraction of the corners of the mouth and upper lip produce wrinkles.  A slight brightness is noticed in the eyes of micro cephalous idiots, who never learn to speak.  Extreme laughter makes the eyes too much suffused with tears so as not to sparkle, but there is luster in eyes when they are moistened by the slight squeeze of the glands during laughing moderately or smiling, but grieving eyes never glisten and they are often dull even though they are moist.  Tenseness seems to be the cause for the brightness, which results from the contraction of the orbicular muscles and to the pressure of the raised cheeks.  Dr. Piderit opines that the tension may be largely due to the eyeballs becoming filled with blood and other fluids, which are in turn caused by the increased acceleration of blood because of the excitement.  A hectic patient with a rapid circulation or a man suffering from cholera with almost all fluids drained out of his body pose a contrast appearance to the above according to him.  The circulation when lowers gives the eye a dead look.  Once I saw a man completely drained by long-drawn-out and severe exertion during a very hot day, and an onlooker equated his eyes to those of a boiled codfish. 
[12] C. Vogt, `Memoire sur les Microcephales,' 1867, p. 21. 
[13] Sir C. Bell, `Anatomy of Expression,' p. 133. 
[14] `Mimik und Physiognomik,' 1867, s. 63-67. 
Now for the sounds produced while laughing.  The expression of sounds of some kind would in nature be associated with a pleasurable state of mind can be seen in a ambiguous mode by us, since all through the animal kingdom sounds are used for calling or to entice the opposite sex partner.  Sounds are made use of to express pleasure when the parents and their offspring meet and while meeting united members of the same social community.  Yet he reason for the sounds which man utters when he is pleased have to be the peculiar reiterated character of boisterous laughter are not known.  However, they are very different from the cries of screams or distress.  While making distress calls the expirations are lengthened and incessant, with the inspirations brief and interrupted.  Therefore it might possibly have been expected with the sounds articulated from joy, that the expirations would have been short and broken with the inspirations prolonged; and this is the case.
