The countenance has a relieved
 and benevolent echoing. As the indisposition
 advances other muscles become involved, but until finished fatuity is reached, the prevailing echoing is that of young
 benevolence."
As in laughing and broadly smiling the cheeks and upper lip are much raised, the nose appears to be shortened, and the abrasion on the bridge becomes finely wrinkled in transverse lines, with other indirect
 longitudinal lines on the sides. The upper face teeth are commonly exposed. A well-recognizeable
 naso-labial fold is formed, which runs from the wing of each nostril to the crevice
 of the ingress; and this fold is often coupled
 in lapsed nation
.

[11] See, also, remarks to the identical bob
 by Dr. J. Crichton Browne in `Journal of Mental Science,' April, 1871, p. 149.

A radiant and sparkling eye is as countryside of a relieved
 or amused national of mind, as is the retraction of the corners of the ingress and upper lip with the wrinkles thus produced. Even the eyes of microcephalous idiots, who are so degraded that they never learn to chat, illuminate slightly when they are relieved
.[12] Under radical laughter the eyes are too much suffused with tears to coruscate
; but the moisture squeezed out of the glands during regulate laughter or smiling may aegis
 in giving them lustre; though this must be of altogether inferior
 accent, as they become dull from grief, though they are then often damp. Their brightness seems to be largely due to their tenseness,[13] owing to the abbreviation of the orbicular muscles and to the pressure of the raised cheeks. But, according to Dr. Piderit, who has discussed this fleck besides fully than any other writer,[14] the tenseness may be principally
 attributed to the eyeballs becoming filled with blood and other fluids, from the acceleration of the circulation, consequent on the excitement of satisfaction. He remarks on the contrast in the face of the eyes of a hectic patient with a speedy circulation, and of a schoolboy suffering from cholera with almost all the fluids of his something drained from him. Any bob
 which lowers the circulation deadens the eye. I remember seeing a schoolboy utterly prostrated by prolonged and radical exertion during a extremely hot day, and a spectator compared his eyes to those of a boiled codfish.

[12] C. Vogt, `Memoire sur les Microcephales,' 1867, p. 21.

[13] Sir C. Bell, `Anatomy of Expression,' p. 133.

[14] `Mimik und Physiognomik,' 1867, s. 63-67.

To return to the sounds produced during laughter. We can see in a vague method how the conversation
 of sounds of some kindly would unquestionably
 become associated with a pleasurable national of mind; for throughout a vast
 ration of the animal province said
 or instrumental sounds are employed either as a entitle or as a loveliness by one sex for the other. They are also employed as the method for a elated
 meeting between the parents and their family, and between the attached members of the identical social district. But why the sounds which schoolboy utters when he is relieved
 have the outlandish reiterated figure of laughter we do not recognize. Nevertheless we can see that they would unquestionably
 be as different as doable from the screams or cries of distress; and as in the creation of the second, the expirations are prolonged and continuous, with the inspirations momentary and interrupted, so it might feasibly
 have been expected with the sounds said
 from joy, that the expirations would have been momentary and broken with the inspirations prolonged; and this is the occurrence
.
