The countenance has a pleased and benevolent expression.  As the disease advances other muscles
become involved, but until complete fatuity is reached, the prevailing expression is that of
feeble benevolence."

As in laughing and broadly smiling the cheeks and upper lip are much raised, the nose appears
to be shortened, and the skin on the bridge becomes finely wrinkled in transverse lines, with
other oblique longitudinal lines on the sides.  The upper front teeth are commonly exposed.
A well-marked naso-labial fold is formed, which runs from the wing of each nostril to the corner
of the mouth; and this fold is often double in old persons.

[11] See, also, remarks to the same effect by Dr. J. Crichton Browne in `Journal of Mental
Science,' April, 1871, p.  149.

A bright and sparkling eye is as characteristic of a pleased or amused state of mind, as is
the retraction of the corners of the mouth and upper lip with the wrinkles thus produced. Even
the eyes of microcephalous idiots, who are so degraded that they never learn to speak, brighten
slightly when they are pleased.[12] Under extreme laughter the eyes are too much suffused with
tears to sparkle; but the moisture squeezed out of the glands during moderate laughter or smiling
may aid in giving them lustre; though this must be of altogether subordinate importance, as
they become dull from grief, though they are then often moist. Their brightness seems to be
chiefly due to their tenseness,[13] owing to the contraction of the orbicular muscles and to
the pressure of the raised cheeks.  But, according to Dr. Piderit, who has discussed this point
more fully than any other writer,[14] the tenseness may be largely attributed to the eyeballs
becoming filled with blood and other fluids, from the acceleration of the circulation, consequent
on the excitement of pleasure. He remarks on the contrast in the appearance of the eyes of
a hectic patient with a rapid circulation, and of a man suffering from cholera with almost
all the fluids of his body drained from him. Any cause which lowers the circulation deadens
the eye. I remember seeing a man utterly prostrated by prolonged and severe exertion during
a very hot day, and a bystander compared his eyes to those of a boiled codfish.

[12] C. Vogt, `Memoire sur les Microcephales,' 1867, p.  21.

[13] Sir C. Bell, `Anatomy of Expression,' p.  133.

[14] `Mimik und Physiognomik,' 1867, s.  63-67.

To return to the sounds produced during laughter.  We can see in a vague manner how the utterance
of sounds of some kind would naturally become associated with a pleasurable state of mind;
for throughout a large part of the animal kingdom vocal or instrumental sounds are employed
either as a call or as a charm by one sex for the other.  They are also employed as the means
for a joyful meeting between the parents and their offspring, and between the attached members
of the same social community. But why the sounds which man utters when he is pleased have the
peculiar reiterated character of laughter we do not know. Nevertheless we can see that they
would naturally be as different as possible from the screams or cries of distress; and as in
the production of the latter, the expirations are prolonged and continuous, with the inspirations
short and interrupted, so it might perhaps have been expected with the sounds uttered from
joy, that the expirations would have been short and broken with the inspirations prolonged;
and this is the case.
