I brooded for a long space in the blackest and most recessed space within the building, imagining that I had passed into a genuine and exemplary testament to the ancients, which until this point in time, had  been hidden from modern eyes. It is difficult to conceive of an edifice more faithfully classical, or to indicate a particular aspect that doesn't demonstrate an undeniable antique quality. It comes as no surprise to me that the good folk of Vicenza happily complied with Palladio's plans, and offered up a small fortune to build so exquisite a replica. When completed, they acquired for a king's ransom, a portrayal of a Greek tragedy, complete with chorus and dignified embellishments. Viewing this, you are empowered to experience the ecstacy of an artist, who witnesses his dearest designs manifested; and you can readily imagine how it came to pass that Palladio considered this adulation the most laudatory of possible prizes. After I had put into perspective the impulses suggested by the scene, we made tracks for Verona.

The environs are powerful and vivid. A lengthy stretch of battlement bulwarks, flanked by formidable turrets, tops the rise in a majestic sweeping arc, and contains a coterie of rustic gardens and aggregations of willowy cypress trees. A ways from that stands a stunning cluster of mountains; on the other side one finds a fruitful plain, replete with all manner of meadows and thickets, olive groves and grape plantations.

Our track took us winding through this landscape until we passed through the city portals, and wound our way (the post remembers the surfeit of avenues and alleyways along that route) to the local inn, a tall, attractive building, and unfortunately, at the time,  so packed with guests that we had to hire a flat at the very top of it, exposed to the gales, reminiscent of the enchanted room mentioned by Apuleius, and domineering the roofs of half the buildings in Verona. A pine tree could be seen at random points among them, and the dusky hills, bringing the view to an abrupt end with their walls and towers, made for a rather idyllic tableau.
 
Moving our table to the balcony, to devour the panorama more easily, we dined on fish from Lago di Garda, and on the sumptious fruits of the province,-- grapes Canaan could prize, and peaches that might have been harvested in Eden itself. That's how I stayed, comforting myself, taking in the refreshingly nippy air, and remarking on the twilight hues of the mountains. Neither the paintings of Count Whosits, nor the relics of Marquis Whatsisname, could move me to abandon my ethereal circumstance; I turned down a suggestion to search out the celebrated Paolos peppering the city, and perched like the owl in the Georgics,

"Solis et occasom servans de culmine summo." 

The deeper part of dusk coming on, I finally quit my niche, and wending my way to the earthbound chambers, asked for a chaperon to lead me to the local ampitheatre, which is maybe the most whole of any of the extant monuments from the Roman era. The management, instead of engaging for me a modest local,  ostentatiously pushed upon me a reputed antiquarian, one of those eager, persuasive young men, of whom (God save me!) I have a major abhorrence. This precious wonk paraded the whole of his Lilliputian pedantry, and nattered on about cloacas and vomitoria with unfailing volubility. He was quite deep into the fundamentals of aqueducts, and one had to admire his understanding of how the ordure of the ampitheatres was cleaned away; however, realizing that he was losing me, and being just gracious enough to observe that I chose one side of the avenue when he would rather have taken the other, and at times scampered through dashed hopes in the gutter, he bowed prettily; I tossed him a half-crown, and noticing the ruins in front of me, I cross a bleak piazza and egressed alone into the arena.
