I mused a long while in the darkest and most retired recess
of the edifice, fancying I had penetrated into a real and perfect monument of antiquity, which
till this moment had remained undiscovered.  It is impossible to conceive a structure more
truly classical, or to point out a single ornament which has not the best antique authority.
I am not in the least surprised that the citizens of Vicenza enthusiastically gave in to Palladio's
plan, and sacrificed large sums to erect so beautiful a model.  When finished, they procured,
at a vast expense, the representation of a Grecian tragedy, with its chorus and majestic decorations.
You can enter into the rapture of an artist, who sees his fondest vision realized; and can
easily conceive how it was, that Palladio esteemed this compliment the most flattering reward.
After I had given scope to the fancies which the scene suggested, we set out for Verona.

The situation is striking and picturesque.  A long line of battlement walls, flanked by venerable
towers, mounts the hill in a grand irregular sweep, and incloses many a woody garden and grove
of slender cypress.  Beyond rises an awful assembly of mountains; opposite to which a fertile
plain presents itself, decked with all the variety of meads and thickets, olive-grounds and
vineyards.

Amongst these our road kept winding till we entered the city gate, and passed (the post knows
how many streets and alleys in the way!) to the inn, a lofty, handsome-looking building; but
so full that we were obliged to take up with an apartment on its very summit, open to all the
winds, like the magic chamber Apuleius mentions, and commanding the roofs of half Verona. 
Here and there a pine shot up amongst them, and the shady hills, terminating the perspective
with their walls and turrets, formed a romantic scene.

Placing our table in a balcony, to enjoy the prospect with greater freedom, we feasted upon
fish from the Lago di Garda, and the delicious fruits of the country,--grapes worthy of Canaan,
and peaches such as Eden itself might have gloried in producing.  Thus did I remain, solacing
myself, breathing the cool air, and remarking the evening tints of the mountains.  Neither
the paintings of Count this, nor the antiquities of the Marquis t'other, could tempt me from
my aerial situation; I refused hunting out the famous Paolos scattered over the town, and sat
like the owl in the Georgics,

"Solis et occasom servans de culmine summo."

Twilight drawing on, I left my haunt, and stealing downstairs, inquired for a guide to conduct
me to the amphitheatre, perhaps the most entire monument of Roman days.  The people of the
house, instead of bringing me a quiet peasant, officiously delivered me up to a professed antiquary,
one of those diligent plausible young men, to whom, God help me! I have so capital an aversion.
This sweet spark displayed all his little erudition, and flourished away upon cloacas and vomitoriums
with eternal fluency.  He was very profound in the doctrine of conduits, and knew to admiration
how the filthiness of all the amphitheatre was disposed of; but perceiving my inattention,
and having just grace enough to remark that I chose one side of the street when he preferred
the other, and sometimes trotted through despair in the kennel, he made me a pretty bow, I
threw him half-a- crown, and seeing the ruins before me, traversed a gloomy arcade and emerged
alone into the arena.
