Sublieutenant Moore and I left the station in a British seaplane at 9:00 AM to convoy patrols.  Two hours into the job, after we met our ships, we thought we saw a periscope coming up out of the water.  In chasing it, we got lost, and to make things worse our engine died, forcing us to surface immediately.  Unable to call for assistance, we wrote a short message describing our situation on small strips of paper and tied them to the legs of our carrier pigeons.  When we released them, only one took off immediately; the other did not move until Sublieutenant Moore rashly threw the navigation clock at it.  I suspect this may have upset the bird, as it did not make it back to the station.

The sea crashed against the submarine, pulling it down and nearly flipping it over.  We tried to lessen the impact of the waves by tearing the tail-fabric, but it was no use.

At around 2:30 that afternoon, we capsized.  We desperately climed up to the nose of the sub and took shelter under the pontoons.  Having been so busy trying to get the sub's motor working again, we had forgotten all about saving our emergency rations until it was too late.  The food was located behind the observer's seat at the back of the sub, and no attempt could be made to retreive it as both Moore and myself were too heavy to get it without helping the vessel capsize.  

We continued like this for four days, with nothing to eat or drink, and nothing to hold onto but each other.  We were incredibly thirsty.  Twice it began to drizzle, leaving a small layer of moisture on the pontoon; in our thirst we attempted to lick it up, but the paint from the pontoon came off with it and made us sick.  Occasionally we saw the remains of torpedoed ships pass by.  Two tins of biscuits floated within swimming distance of our capsized sub, but we knew that we were too weak to swim to them.  When a tin finally came close enough to the boat that we could pull it in, there was nothing to be found inside but tobacco.

Every day we saw ships in the distance and desperately waved our handkerchiefs in distress, but nobody ever saw us.  We began to wonder if anyone ever would.  However, on Sunday we spotted the mast of a ship.  We began to call out to them and were overjoyed when they began to circle us, signaling that they had heard us.  When they came close enough that we were able to see the crew standing on the ships's deck, they suddenly turned around and left us.

"I'll bet they think we're Huns," Moore conjectured.

"I hope they do!" I said.  "Then they'll send someone out to get us."

But they never did.  The next day a seaplane flew directly overhead; it seemed impossible that its crew would not have seen us.  It passed over without signaling that it had seen us, but after going about two miles turned around and came back.
