"Miss 'Lethe, you look as lovely as you used to twenty years ago".  Stumbling over himself.  "Lovely, as always, Miss 'Leth", modifying his original statement.  He bowed politely and she returned the action, in a manner reflecting his own.

Turning to Frank, he said "I've got their answer, it's okay".  

Frank, the young owner of Queen Bess, had been very worried regarding the sale of the mare to the Byer Brothers.  After the fire, stories were circulating that Bess may have been injured.  He had been concerned that the famous horseman borthers would decline their offer. Even before the disastor there had been questions about whether the deal would go through.  Quite welcome was the Colonel's information.

Eagerly he inquired, "Will they take her?"

"Well no," the Colonel started, "however..."

Sadness griped Frank, and he hung his head in dispair.  "It's not right then."

"Hold on," the Colonel started, "they want confirmation that she's healthy".  Reading from the telegram:  "If she wins the Ashland Oaks race today, we will take her."  "So, it's not bad news!"

Frank, not caring for the conditions imposed by the Dyer brothers was still a bit glum.  "Only, if she were to win!"

"Frank, she'll definitely win!", chimed in Miss Alathea.

"She must!" the Colonel enthusically added.

Frank, not so positive, was not so certain.  The events of the past few days had been incredibly difficult, especially for someone his age.  "As long as my alcoholic jockey, Ike, can stay away from the bottle...he has vowed to stay in his room."

Chuckling, the Colonel added, "Ike will not be leaving his room.  Not beause of his vow though."  Laughing harder, the Colonel said, "I have his clothing!"

"His clothing?" Frank said incredulously.

The Colonel explained, "I told him, I needed to order him new clothing for the big race, so I needed the one suit of clothing he brought with him for sizing.  He'll get all his meals, and I even ordered him new clothes just to be nice!  He'll look fantastic riding Queen Bess in the race!!"

How relieved Frank was.  He cared less about the clothing than the security of the whiskey loving jockey.  "Thank goodnes," he added.

Miss Alathea, tried to appear shocked, but had to smile broadly at the wise Colonel.  Still, she was concerned by the resolve some men show when it comes to drink.  She'd seen it before.  "Keep an eye on him, if a man wants whiskey, he'll find his way to it".  Understanding the significance of the race, she had her heart invested.
