Miss 'Lethe, you're looking fresh and blooming as you used to twenty years
ago." He tried to catch himself, but failed. "As fresh and blooming," he corrected, "as usual,
Miss 'Lethe." His bow was very courtly and her own no less so.

"Frank, my boy," said he, turning to the youthful owner of Queen Bess, "I've got their answer,
and it's all right."

Frank had been acutely worried. There had been some question of the sale of the mare to the
Dyer Brothers before the fire; now that this disaster had occurred and stories had been started,
as, of course, he knew they must have been, about injuries to her, there might be, he had feared,
good reason to expect the celebrated horsemen to withdraw their proposition. The Colonel's
news, therefore, was very welcome.

"They take the mare?" he asked, all eagerness."

"N-o," began the Colonel, "but--"

Frank's face fell, instantly, and his shoulders drooped despairingly. "Then it's all wrong."

"Not yet," said the Colonel, "score again." He raised the telegram and read from it: "'Can't
take mare without positive proof that she's all right. Let her run in the Ashland Oaks, to-day.
If she wins, we take her.'" The Colonel looked up beamingly. "Do you hear? They take her!"

The condition which, now, the Dyer brothers made, when, before this, they had made none, bothered
Frank. The telegram did not elate him quite as much as the old horseman had supposed it would.
"Ah, if she wins!" said he.

Miss Alathea spoke up, eagerly. "Oh, Frank, of course she'll win."

"She's got to win!" exclaimed the Colonel with much emphasis.

Frank was in a pessimistic mood. "I'm not so sure," said he, a little gloomily. The strain
of the past days had been a hard trial for the youth. "If that imp of a jockey, Ike, should
get in range of a whiskey bottle--however, he has promised not to leave his room."

The Colonel laughed. "Ike leave his room?" he said. "You're right--he won't; but it will not
be his promise that will keep him from it. He couldn't leave it if he would."

"Why not?" inquired Miss 'Lethe.

"Because," the Colonel answered, "I have got his clothes!"

"His clothes!" said Frank, astonished.

"Yes--a Napoleonic device. When I went to see him, this morning, I found him in bed. I knew
how it might be if he got out, so I saw to it that his meals would reach him promptly, and
borrowed the one suit of clothes he brought with him, under pretence of needing them to help
me order a new jockey-suit for him to wear in the great race. I've been fair about it, too--I've
got the new clothes for him." He pointed to the bundle which he had just brought in. "They're
in there--and they'll not disgrace Queen Bess. They're the best I could get."

Frank, less interested in the clothes than in the fact that the jockey, now, was quite secure
against temptation, sighed with satisfaction. "Then he's safe," said he.

The Colonel nodded, notably well satisfied with his performance. Miss Alathea, shocked, as
she tried to be, by all this business, adjunct of gambling, every bit of it, yet smiled admiringly
at the big horseman. Only Madge, learned, through much experience with mountaineers, whose
greatest curse is whisky, in the ways of men addicted to its use, was not convinced that all
was surely well.

"I'd keep a watch on him, just the same," she said. Now that she understood the vast importance
of this race to Layson her whole heart was wrapped up in its fortunes. "When a man wants whisky
he gener'ly finds a way to git it."
