13): The Earl of Rutland, an additional lad elder than Richard, had been murdered by the combat of Wakefield and so was omitted in that fantasy in


(14):Clarence is the primary who is supposed to have propagated this slander, and it was a great deal additional consonant to his humor and indigested political views, than to the superior intelligence of Richard. We can regard as that Richard rehabilitated this anecdote, chiefly as he obligation encompass distorted the date of his mother's amours, and prepared them maintain to her commencement of him, as Clarence had finished them discontinue in his have possession ofgoodwill?

 (15): It appears starting Remer’s Feeders, so as to the extremely initial be active of Richard's supremacy be unfashionable starting quad am alter camera junta canella in hospital dominate Cecilia decisive Decorum. It does not appear to a great extent as if he had freely accused his mother of adultery, when he detained his initial convention at her residence. in the middle of  the Herein MSS. in the Museum, No. 2236. Art. 6. is the subsequent epistle from Richard to this particularly princess his tend, which is an supplementary corroboration of the first-class terms on which they lived: "Madam, I recommended me to you as Hartley as is to me probable, insistent you in my most modest and affections’ wise of your Daly approval to my singular reassure and defiance in my need; and, madam, I heartily beseech you, to facilitate I may well frequently here from you to my console; and such news as be here, my servant Thomas Bryan this barer shall showed you, to whom please it you to eve credence unto. And, madam, I beseech you to be high-quality and gracious lady to my lord my chamberlain to be your official in Wiltshire in such as Colin Bourne had. I faith he shall therein do you good service; and that it please you, that by this barer I may understand your pleasure in this behalves. And I pray God send you the' accomplishment of your dignified requests Written at Pamphlet, the third day of Juan, with the hand of your most modest son, Richards Rex.

Buck, whose honesty will additional and extra emerge, affirm that, previous to Edward had espouse the woman Grey, he had been constricted to the lady Eleanor Butler, and wedded to her by the bishop of bathe. Sir Thomas More, on the converse (and here it is that I am unwillingly grateful to accuse that great man with willful falsehood) pretend that the duchess of York, his mother, endeavoring to discourage him from so lopsided an coalition, urge him with a pre-contract to one Elizabeth Lucy, who though, creature pushed, confess herself his concubine; but deprived of any wedding. Dr. Shaw too, the priest, we are tell by the equal influence, plead from the pulpit the king's former marriage with Elizabeth Lucy, and the duke of Buckingham is said to have harangue the community to the same consequence. Except now let us see how the holder really stood: Elizabeth Lucy was the descendant of one Wyatt of Southampton, a denote guy, says Buck, and the wife of one Lucy, as mean a man as Wyatt. The mistress of Edward she infamously was; but what if, in Richard's chase of the coronet, no difficulty at all was ended of this Elizabeth Lucy? We have the best and most undoubted authorities to assure us, that Edward's pre-contract or marriage, urged to invalidate his match with the lady Grey, was with the lady Eleanor Talbot, widow of the lord Butler of Suddenly, and sister of the earl Shrewsbury, one of the supreme peers in the sovereignty; her mother was the lady Katherine Stafford, daughter of Humphrey duke of Buckingham, prince of the blood: an association in that age never reckon inappropriate. Perceive sound the confirmation
