
(13) The Earl of Rutland, another son, elder than Richard, had been murdered at the battle
of Wakefield and so was Omitted in that imaginary accusation.

(14) Clarence is the first who is said to have propogated this slandour, and it was much more
consonant to his levity and indigested politics, than to the good sense of Richard. We can
believe that Richard renewed this story, especially as he must have altered the dates of his
mother's amours, and made them continue to her conception of him, as Clarence had made them
stop in his own favor?

(15) It appears from Rymer's Foedera, that the very first act of Richard's reign is dated from
quadam altera camera juxta capellam in hospitio dominae Ceciliae ducissae Eborum. It does not
look much as if he had publicly accused his mother of adultry, when he held his first council
at her house. Among the Harleian MSS. in the Museum, No. 2236. art. 6. is the following letter
from Richard to this very princess his mother, which is an additional proof of the good terms
on which they lived: "Madam, I recomaunde me to you as hertely as is to me possible, beseeching
you in my most humble and affectuouse wise of your daly blessing to my synguler comfort and
defence in my nede; and, madam, I hertoly beseche you, that I may often here from you to my
comfort; and suche newes as be here, my servaunt Thomas Bryan this berer shall showe you, to
whom please it you to yeve credence unto. And, madam, I beseche  you to be good and graciouse
lady to my lord my chamberlayn to be your officer in Wiltshire in suche as Colinbourne had.
I trust he shall therein do you good servyce; and that it plese you, that by this barer I may
understande your pleasur in this behalve. And I praye God send you th' accomplishement of your
noble desires. Written at Pomfret, the thirde day of Juyn, with the hande of your most humble
son, Richardus Rex."

Buck, whose integrity will more and more appear, affirms that, before Edward had espoused the
lady Grey, he had been contracted to the lady Eleanor Butler, and married to her by the bishop
of Bath. Sir Thomas More, on the contrary (and here it is that I am unwillingly obliged to
charge that great man with wilful falsehood) pretends that the duchess of York, his mother,
endeavouring to dissuade him from so disproportionate an alliance, urged him with a pre-contract
to one Elizabeth Lucy, who however, being pressed, confessed herself his concubine; but denied
any marriage. Dr. Shaw too, the preacher, we are told by the same authority, pleaded from the
pulpit the king's former marriage with Elizabeth Lucy, and the duke of Buckingham is said to
have harangued the people to the same effect. But now let us see how the case really stood:
Elizabeth Lucy was the daughter of one Wyat of Southampton, a mean gentleman, says Buck, and
the wife of one Lucy, as mean a man as Wyat. The mistress of Edward she notoriously was; but
what if, in Richard's pursuit of the crown, no question at all was made of this Elizabeth Lucy?
We have the best and most undoubted authorities to assure us, that Edward's pre-contract or
marriage, urged to invalidate his match with the lady Grey, was with the lady Eleanor Talbot,
widow of the lord Butler of Sudeley, and sister of the earl Shrewsbury, one of the greatest
peers in the kingdom; her mother was the lady Katherine Stafford, daughter of Humphrey duke
of Buckingham, prince of the blood: an alliance in that age never reckoned unsuitable. Hear
the evidence.
