I doubt whether he ever had a conception of a tithe of
the regard and respect I entertained for him; and I smile to think of the perplexity (though
he never showed it) which he probably felt sometimes at my enthusiastic expressions; for I
thought him a kind of angel. It is no exaggeration to say, that, take away the unspiritual
part of it--the genius and the knowledge--and there is no height of conceit indulged in by
the most romantic character in Shakspeare, which surpassed what I felt toward the merits I
ascribed to him, and the delight which I took in his society. With the other boys I played
antics, and rioted in fantastic jests; but in his society, or whenever I thought of him, I
fell into a kind of Sabbath state of bliss; and I am sure I could have died for him.

       *       *       *       *       *

SHELLEY'S GENEROSITY.--As an instance of Shelley's extraordinary generosity, a friend of his,
a man of letters, enjoyed from him at that period a pension of a hundred a year, though he
had but a thousand of his own; and he continued to enjoy it till fortune rendered it superfluous.
But the princeliness of his disposition was seen most in his behavior to another friend, the
writer of this memoir, who is proud to relate that, with money raised with an effort, Shelley
once made him a present of fourteen hundred pounds, to extricate him from debt. I was not extricated,
for I had not yet learned to be careful; but the shame of not being so, after such generosity,
and the pain which my friend afterward underwent when I was in trouble and he was helpless,
were the first causes of my thinking of money matters to any purpose. His last sixpence was
ever at my service, had I chosen to share it. In a poetical epistle written some years after,
and published in the volume of "Posthumous Poems," Shelley, in alluding to his friend's circumstances,
which for the second time were then straitened, only made an affectionate lamentation that
he himself was poor; never once hinting that he had himself drained his purse for his friend.

       *       *       *       *       *

MRS. JORDAN.--Mrs. Jordan was inimitable in exemplifying the consequences of too much restraint
in ill-educated country girls, in romps, in hoydens, and in wards on whom the mercenary have
designs. She wore a bib and tucker, and pinafore, with a bouncing propriety, fit to make the
boldest spectator alarmed at the idea of bringing such a household responsibility on his shoulders.
To see her when thus attired, shed blubbering tears for some disappointment, and eat all the
while a great thick slice of bread and butter, weeping, and moaning, and munching, and eyeing
at very bite the part she meant to bite next, was a lesson against will and appetite worth
a hundred sermons, and no one could produce such an impression in favor of amiableness as she
did, when she acted in gentle, generous, and confiding character. The way in which she would
take a friend by the cheek and kiss her, or make up a quarrel with a lover, or coax a guardian
into good humor, or sing (without accompaniment) the song of, "Since then I'm doom'd," or "In
the dead of the night," trusting, as she had a right to do, and as the house wished her to
do, to the sole effect of her sweet, mellow, and loving voice--the reader will pardon me, but
tears of pleasure and regret come into my eyes at the recollection, as if she personified whatsoever
was happy at that period of life, and which has gone like herself.
