I don't think he had a clue about how I respected him. I wonder if he saw through my excitement every time I was around him. If he did, he never showed it. I really thought he was angelic, and that's not blown out of proportion. I pictured him as the most romantic of Shakespeare's characters, and was delighted to spend any amount of time with him. Other boys were not at all interesting to me, it was only him in my eyes. I was totally in love, and I'm positive I would have died for him.

******

SHELLEY'S GENEROSITY

A friend of Shelley's told about his generosity, at one point in his life, Shelley sent him money to get by. He appreciated the money, which was a hundred per year, even though he was making about a thousand a year. He was grateful for the extra money, and used it until he was making enough money of his own. Shelley had even sent him fourteen hundred pounds to pay off his debts. He admitted that Shelley's generosity did spoil him a bit, because he hadn't quite learned how to manage his funds. And the extra money was always there. Imagine how shamed the friend was when he learned about Shelley's dire circumstances in later years. The sickness and pain he was in. At his funeral service, the friend learned that Shelley was poor at the end, but had never once asked for help from anyone. Had the friend known, he would have emptied his pockets to help Shelley, knowing that Shelley had done just that, to help him.


MRS. JORDAN

Mrs. Jordan was a restrained woman, diligent in her ways. She complained about how young country girls went without education, instead romping around in the hay. Mrs. Jordan was always dressed in a bib and tucker, and a pinafore, fit to make any man surprised at her appearance. To see her dressed like that, eating a slice of buttered bread, crying and staring at the bread as if eyeing the very piece she intended to bite next, was indeed a lesson against will and hunger worth a hundred Sunday sermons. No one could compare to her demeanor, when she was sweet, she was gentle, kind, and one you could confide to. The way she would touch a friends face before she kissed them, or encourage happiness when they were feeling blue, was amazing. She would sing beautifully as she worked in the house, sweetly she sang to herself, "Since then I'm Doomed", or "In the dead of the night". Her soft mellow voice---excuse me, reader. Tears are welling in my eyes at the memories, it's as if she plucked happiness from the moments of her life, and now they are gone, just like her.
