I Ascertained and felt that she was weighing the manginess of my clothes versus my qualifications, and I trembled since the consequence. In a short time my biggest fearfulnesses were realised; for, one day, calling up as usual, rather than being shown into a little front room, where I imparted my lessons, the man-servant, who opened up the doorway, allowed me to stand in the antechamber, and in two minutes came back with two guineas on a little silver collection plate, suggesting, as he held them in front of me, that 'the services of Mr Rutherford were no longer necessitated.' The vision of the two guineas took away the resentment and humiliation of the sudden judgement of dismissal. I pocketed them, and hired a lodgement; and never, until that night, did I acknowledge or experience the beautiful opulence of an abstruse, untroubled slumber. It was bathing in the River Lethe, and arising freshened, having no consciousness, save the grateful feeling of the cooling waters of forgetfulness around me. Having a few weeks ago interpreted an old deed, which was  scripted in Latin, for a gentleman who is what is called an in-door counselor-at-law, and who holds an extensive practice, he has been pleased to take me into his business office, and has fixed on me a handsome remuneration. He suggests me to labor my way to the bar, and kindly assures his help. I shall abide by his advice, and I despair not but I might one day solicit the hand of the only woman I ever have admired, or may love, from her father, as his equal. I am, sir, yours, indebtedly,
"ALEX. RUTHERFORD."

Now, sir (continued the dominie), almost 3 years after I had got this letter, my old scholarly person was called to the bar, and a magnificent debut he made. Bench, bar, and jury were bewildered in admiration at the power o' his eloquence. A Demosthenes had climbed up up amidst them. The one-half o' Edinburgh spoke o' naething but the young counselor-at-law. But it was on the very day that he made his debut as an advocate, that I got a letter from Mr. Crompton, imploring to know if I could gie him ony information concerning the aged tutor o' his family, and expressing, in the linguistic communication o' a heartbroken gentleman, that his only girl was then upon her death-bed, and that, before she passed away, she prayed she might be allowed to see and to speak with Alexander Rutherford. I enveloped the letter, and posted it off to the young counselor-at-law. He was seated at a dinner, welcoming the homage of beauty and the felicitations of knowledgeable men, when the fateful letter was put into his hands. He broke away the seal--his hand juddered while he read--his cheeks turned pale--and enormous drops of perspiration burst upon his forehead. He got up from the table. He barely knew what he did. But within half-an-hour he was on his way to Cumberland. He arrived at the household, her parents welcomed him with tears, and he was lead  into the room where the deceasing maiden lay down. She acknowledged his voice, as he came near.

"He is come!--he is come! He loves me still!" Shouted the poor thing, striving to raise herself upon her elbow joint.

Sandy came near the bedside--he broke into tears--he bent down, and kissed her colorless and bony cheeks, over which death appeared already to have cast its darkness.

"Ann! my darling Ann!" said he; and he took her hand in his, and pressed it to his lips; "don't leave me--we shall nevertheless live happy!"

Her eyes lightened up for a moment--in them joyfulness fought with death, and the competition was unbalanced.
