I saw and felt that she was weighing the
     shabbiness of my garments against my qualifications, and I trembled
     for the consequence. In a short time my worst fears were realised;
     for, one day, calling as usual, instead of being shown into a small
     parlour, where I gave my lessons, the man-servant, who opened the
     door, permitted me to stand in the lobby, and in two minutes
     returned with two guineas upon a small silver plate, intimating, as
     he held them before me, that 'the services of Mr Rutherford were no
     longer required.' The sight of the two guineas took away the
     bitterness and mortification of the abrupt dismissal. I pocketed
     them, and engaged a lodging; and never, until that night, did I
     know or feel the exquisite luxury of a deep, dreamless sleep. It
     was bathing in Lethe, and rising refreshed, having no
     consciousness, save the grateful feeling of the cooling waters of
     forgetfulness around me. Having some weeks ago translated an old
     deed, which was written in Latin, for a gentleman who is what is
     called an in-door advocate, and who has an extensive practice, he
     has been pleased to take me into his office, and has fixed on me a
     liberal salary. He advises me to push my way to the bar, and kindly
     promises his assistance. I shall follow his advice, and I despair
     not but I may one day solicit the hand of the only woman I ever
     have loved, or can love, from her father, as his equal. I am, sir,
     yours, indebtedly,

                                                    "ALEX. RUTHERFORD."

Now, sir (continued the dominie), about three years after I had received this letter, my old
scholar was called to the bar, and a brilliant first appearance he made. Bench, bar, and jury
were lost in wonder at the power o' his eloquence. A Demosthenes had risen up amongst them.
The half o' Edinburgh spoke o' naething but the young advocate. But it was on the very day
that he made his first appearance as a pleader, that I received a letter from Mr. Crompton,
begging to know if I could gie him ony information respecting the old tutor o' his family,
and stating, in the language o' a broken-hearted man, that his only daughter was then upon
her death-bed, and that, before she died, she begged she might be permitted to see and to speak
with Alexander Rutherford. I enclosed the letter, and sent it off to the young advocate. He
was sitting at a dinner-party, receiving the homage of beauty and the congratulations of learned
men, when the fatal letter was put into his hands. He broke the seal--his hand shook as he
read--his cheeks grew pale--and large drops of sweat burst upon his brow. He rose from the
table. He scarce knew what he did. But within half-an-hour he was posting on his way to Cumberland.
He reached the house, her parents received him with tears, and he was conducted into the room
where the dying maiden lay. She knew his voice, as he approached.

"He is come!--he is come! He loves me still!" cried the poor thing, endeavouring to raise herself
upon her elbow.

Sandy approached the bedside--he burst into tears--he bent down, and kissed her pale and wasted
cheeks, over which death seemed already to have cast its shadow.

"Ann! my beloved Ann!" said he; and he took her hand in his, and pressed it to his lips; "do
not leave me--we shall yet be happy!"

Her eyes brightened for a moment--in them joy struggled with death, and the contest was unequal.
