The insult had stung me. I do not know why! More than all the gibes that were being flung at me from every side, and moved by a sudden impulse I stopped with bitterness in my heart, I had spoke to her. "Mademoiselle,' I said, bowing to her, as she looked like a small fairy more than a woman through her face expressed both pride and self will--'Mademoiselle,' I said sternly, I have fough for France! Some day you hopefully learn that there are worst things in the world--and have to bear them-- than a poor gentelman!"

The words were quickly out of my mouth before I repented them, for Mathurine, the fool who was at my elbow, was fast to turn them into riduicule or something worst than it was. Raising her hands above or bodies, as a act to pray, she cried out loud taht Monsieur, having  gained so rich an office, desired a bride to grace it; and this, bringing down upon us a coarse noices of laughters and some more coarser gibes, I saw the young womans face flush fire red.

The next moment a voice in the crowd cried aloud 'Out upon his wedding suit!' and with that a sweetmeat struch me in the face. Another and anoother followed, covering my body with flour and comfits. This was the absolutely last straw. For a moment, forgetting my state of mine, I turned to them, angry and furious with red in my face, every hair in my moustachious bristling. The next, the full sense of my impotence and of the folly of resentment prevailed with me, I dropped my head upon my brest, as I ran from the room. 

I believe that the younger people among the group had followed me, and that the cry of 'Old Clothes!' pursued me even to the door my home in the Rue de la coutellerie. But in the misery of the moment, and my  strong desire to be withing doors and alone, I barely noticed them.

Chapter I. THE KING OF NAVARRE

I have already referred to the danger with the alliance between Henry the Third and the League menaced us, an alliance whereof the news, it was said,had blanched the King of Navarre's moustache in a single night. The Court had not once shown itself more frolicsome or more free than care than at the time of which I am speaking about; even the lack of money was forgotten. One amusement moment followed another, and though without doubt, something was going under the surface for the wiser of the people held our prince in a particular dread when he seemed most deeply sunk in pleasure--to the eyes of St. Jean d'Angely appeared to be given over to enjoy one end to the other. 

The stir and activity of the Court reached me even in my garet, and contributed actions to make that Christmas, which was on a sunday, a trial almost beyond thought. All day long the rattle of hoofs on the pavement, and the laughter of riders bent on diversion, came up to me, making the hard stool seem harder, the bare walls more bare, and increasing a hurndrefold the solitary gloom in which I sat. For the sunshine to go down and the shadown to appearm no silence is like that which follows an explosion of a mine. Sadness and poverty are nevermore intolerable than hope and weath. 

True, the great sermon which M. d'Amours taught in the markethouse on the morning of Christmasday cheered and excited me, as I cheered an called all the sober spirits. I was present sitting in a small corner of the building and heard thve very famous prediction which was so soon fuilfilled.
