
The insult stung me, I know not why, more than all the gibes which were being flung at me from
every side, and moved by a sudden impulse I stopped, and in the bitterness of my heart spoke
to her. 'Mademoiselle,' I said, bowing low--for, as I have stated, she was small, and more
like a fairy than a woman, though her face expressed both pride and self-will--'Mademoiselle,'
I said sternly, 'such as I am, I have fought for France! Some day you may learn that there
are viler things in the world--and have to bear them--than a poor gentleman!'

The words were scarcely out of my mouth before I repented of them, for Mathurine, the fool,
who was at my elbow, was quick to turn them into ridicule. Raising her hands above our heads,
as in act to bless us, she cried out that Monsieur, having gained so rich an office, desired
a bride to grace it; and this, bringing down upon us a coarse shout of laughter and some coarser
gibes, I saw the young girl's face flush hotly.

The next moment a voice in the crowd cried roughly 'Out upon his wedding suit!' and with that
a sweetmeat struck me in the face. Another and another followed, covering me with flour and
comfits. This was the last straw. For a moment, forgetting where I was, I turned upon them,
red and furious, every hair in my moustachios bristling. The next, the full sense of my impotence
and of the folly of resentment prevailed with me, and, dropping my head upon my breast, I rushed
from the room.

I believe that the younger among them followed me, and that the cry of 'Old Clothes!' pursued
me even to the door of my lodgings in the Rue de la Coutellerie. But in the misery of the moment,
and my strong desire to be within doors and alone, I barely noticed this, and am not certain
whether it was so or not.

CHAPTER II. THE KING OF NAVARRE.

I have already referred to the danger with which the alliance between Henry the Third and the
League menaced us, an alliance whereof the news, it was said, had blanched the King of Navarre's
moustache in a single night. Notwithstanding this, the Court had never shown itself more frolicsome
or more free from care than at the time of which I am speaking; even the lack of money seemed
for the moment forgotten. One amusement followed another, and though, without doubt, something
was doing under the surface for the wiser of his foes held our prince in particular dread when
he seemed most deeply sunk in pleasure--to the outward eye St. Jean d'Angely appeared to be
given over to enjoyment from one end to the other.

The stir and bustle of the Court reached me even in my garret, and contributed to make that
Christmas, which fell on a Sunday, a trial almost beyond sufferance. All day long the rattle
of hoofs on the pavement, and the laughter of riders bent on diversion, came up to me, making
the hard stool seem harder, the bare walls more bare, and increasing a hundredfold the solitary
gloom in which I sat. For as sunshine deepens the shadows which fall athwart it, and no silence
is like that which follows the explosion of a mine, so sadness and poverty are never more intolerable
than when hope and wealth rub elbows with them.

True, the great sermon which M. d'Amours preached in the market-house on the morning of Christmas-day
cheered me, as it cheered all the more sober spirits. I was present myself, sitting in an obscure
corner of the building, and heard the famous prediction, which was so soon to be fulfilled.
