Declaring the office of the Secretary of State as unoccupied the Governor filled it by appointing John A. McClernand.  This was questioned by Field, who was in office, who wanted to remove him and would not agree to give up the office.  With Douglas and others as counsel, McClernand issued Quo warranto.  The Governor’s power was declined by the Supreme Court, whereby the court tangled in the partisan battle which fumed with a real Western vehemence for two years.

A bill which was passed in the early weeks of 1841 reorganized the Judiciary.  This paved way for the election of five additional Supreme Judges and duties of the trial judges were imposed.  Field resigned in January, 1841 because he was tired of fighting with the governor who was hostile towards him and the legislature too.  Being appointed as the successor to Governor, Douglas became the Justice of the Supreme Court and presiding judge of the Fifth District, which he took up resigning his office of Secretary.  Since then he stayed in Quincy.

In his busy and fast life this was one of the fortunate incidents.  He was young, but clever, nimble-witted and irrepressibly energetic.  Yet his knowledge was less and superficial.  Calm thought and serious study was done by him with devotion.  He was able to conquer a place for himself in the world by his aggression and dominating energy.  When most boys were trying very hard to find their way to fit themselves into the activities of the world, he had already became an experienced politician, a famous campaign orator and a Justice of the Supreme Court.  

He was not an heir to any statesman like the younger Pitt who was the Chancellor of the Exchequer at twenty-three whose father happens to be Chatham, a statesman and younger Adams was Minister to The Hague at twenty-five, who was already an eminent scholar and heir to his father’s fame.  This chance enabled him to widen his knowledge and blend with the masters of his profession equally, which is not possible for twenty-eight year old half educated man.  When he left the bench he had a noticeable progress in the strength and decorum of his character.
Chapter III. Member of Congress. 

Later when the legislature met in December, 1842, Douglas contested and lost with only five votes even though he lacked six months to meet the requirement of thirty years.  For the Democratic nomination for Congress he resigned his judgeship and entered the campaign, where there were eleven large counties in the western part of the State.  The Whig candidate was O.H. Browning of Quincy, a talented lawyer, who later succeeded the Douglas vacant seat in the Senate after twenty years.  Their campaign was very intensive and they addressed masses of audiences and worn out themselves that they fell sick.
