Though it is not against Northern Abolitionist, or against the present Administration, this terrible war is against the United States census tables of 1860; and all the mighty realities of the progress of free society in the republic. Still, Mr. Jefferson Davis and his associates in the rebellion were more than familar with the startling change. 

Old slave aristocracy and the people have fought in our country for years. The people had their first big victory with the Revolutionary War. The war that was brought on by masses of the people of the Middle States and New England. Resisting the movement, the aristocracy of the South and their associates in the North tried to separate the people from the golden crown of Great Britain. This resistance was brought to an end but the free people of the North brought on and continued the war. Sending eight thousand soldiers into the battlefields, Massachusetts (the fourth province in population), continued to fuel the battles through eight years full of blood and gore until the southern states united. Rhode Island which was the least especially compared to the then empire State of the Union Virginia, supplyed only seven hundred less troops then Virginia did. New England on the other hand, supplied more than half the soldiers raised during the Revolution. Looking at a map will you will come to relize that the headquarters of the "peace party" in the Revolutionary and the present war are in the exact same localities. The old Tory districts of the Revolution are now the "Copperhead" districts of New York, Pennsylvannia, and New Jersey. The Tories we have now are there to try to "stop the war" but they have an ill fate due to the fact the Tories of that day failed. 

If in 1776, Slave Power was united we would never have gained our independance. Luckily it was divided. Though each state was a slave state they were still divided into two classes. The illustrious aristocrates like Madison, Jefferson, and Washington was the first. They put their influence on the side of the people. That party was seen more in Virginia, and much less in the Carolinas, dragged the South into the war, and compelled it to come into the Union. Managing to abolish Slavery and succeed in consecrating the whole Northwestern territory to freedom as early as 1790. The opposing party was headquartered out of Charleston and was treasonable during the war. Without a guarentee of slavery they would not join the Union. 

In the end the people of the thirteen colonies, with some help from their aristocracy, broke free from Great Britain. They established a government of their own that they beleived would in time allow them to control the whole Union, and secure personal liberty in every single State. "The compromises of the Constitution" was that our National Government was the playing field on which aristocracy and democracy could have the battle they so long waited for.
