It is waging this terrible war, not against Northern
Abolitionists, or the present Administration, but against the United States census tables of
1860; against the mighty realities of the progress of free society in the republic, which have
startled us all; but with which no class of men were so well acquainted as Mr. Jefferson Davis
and his associates in rebellion.

There has always been a conflict in our country between this old slave aristocracy and the
people. The first great victory of the people was in the war of the Revolution. That war was
inaugurated and forced upon the country by the masses of the people of the New England and
Middle States. The aristocracy of the South, with their associates in the North, resisted the
movement to separate the people from the crown of Great Britain, till resistance was impossible,
and then came in, to some extent, to lead the movement and appropriate the rewards of success.
But the free people of the North brought on and sustained the war. Massachusetts was then the
fourth province in population; but she sent eight thousand more soldiers to the field during
those bloody eight years than all the Southern States united. Virginia was then the empire
State of the Union, and Rhode Island the least; but great, aristocratic Virginia furnished
only seven hundred more soldiers than little, democratic Rhode Island. New England furnished
more than half the troops raised during the Revolution; and the great centres of aristocracy
in the Middle and Southern States were the stronghold of Toryism during the war. Indeed, a
glance at the map of the Eastern and Middle States reveals the fact that the headquarters of
the 'peace party' in the Revolutionary and the present war are in precisely the same localities.
The 'Copperhead' districts of New York, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania are the old Tory districts
of the Revolution. The Tories of that day, with the mass of the Southern aristocracy, tried
to 'stop the war' which was to lay the foundations of the freedom of all men. The Tories of
to-day are engaged in the same infamous enterprise, and their fate will be the same.

Had the Slave Power been united in 1776, we should never have gained our independence. But
it was divided. Every State was nominally a Slave State; but slaveholders were divided into
two classes. The first was led by Washington, Jefferson, Madison, and other illustrious aristocrats,
North and South; and, like the Liberal lords of Great Britain, threw their influence on the
side of the people. This party, very strong in Virginia, very weak in the Carolinas, dragged
the South through the war by the hair of its head; and compelled it to come into the Union.
It also resolved to abolish the Slave Power, and succeeded in consecrating the whole Northwestern
territory to freedom as early as 1790. The opposition party had its headquarters at Charleston,
was treasonable or luke-warm during the war, and refused to come into the Union without guarantees
for slavery.

The result of the whole struggle was, that the people of the thirteen colonies, with the help
of a portion of their aristocracy, severed the country from Great Britain, and established
a Government by which they, the people, believed themselves able, in time, to control the whole
Union, and secure personal liberty in every State. For 'the compromises of the Constitution'
mean just this: that our National Government was a great arena on which aristocracy and democracy
could have a free fight.
