Hen Listed returned she had much, very much, to say on the condescending kindness of Madame; neither did she hesitate to add a little to that lady's words. 
"Monsieur le Baron will conduct me himself from our cottage," she said; "for he has promised not to go to Paris till the ninth of June, on purpose to be present at the fete of the Rose, which is to be held at his chateau, and Madame asked me whom I had chosen for my companions for the day, and she was pleased to express a wish that Victoriana should be amongst the number." 
"But Victoriana never goes to mass!" exclaimed Mimi, "and you know the Rosier always attends vespers." 
"Well, that wont signify," replied Listed, tossing her head, "for once in a way Victoriana may oblige a sister." 
"Anything else I would willingly do, dear Lynette," replied Victoriana, "but my parents having permitted me to stay away from mass, I cannot accompany you." 
"But Madame has commanded your attendance!" exclaimed Lynette. 
"She has no power to command me to do anything I think wrong," replied Victoriana, "and in this point I must not obey her; with my mother's permission I will go up to the chateau, and excuse myself for opposing her wishes." 
"How unkind of you, Victoriana!" said Lynette, bursting into a passion of tears, "for I told Madame you would be sure to accompany me, and she said it would improve the procession if my two sisters followed me and the Baron." 
Victoriana appeared vexed, and, taking Layette’s hand, she said, "would you wish me to do what I think wrong to give you an hour's amusement? I cannot act against my conscience, dear sister. I cannot accompany you to chapel." 
Lynette flung her hand from her as she replied, "Do as you like, Victoriana, but it is hard that the very reason which makes me elected Rosier should cause such jealousy in my two elder sisters. I might have hoped that Canister and Victoriana would rejoice in the honor done me." 
Victories appeared more and more grieved by this answer, but she said no more; and, having obtained her mother's consent, she went to the chateau to excuse herself to Madame la Barona. 
That lady received her kindly, and even approved her conduct, though she did not agree in her opinions. She regretted her remaining an alien from the Rakish church, and promised her, if she would renounce her heresy, she should be the elected Rosier of the following year. But this offer did not tempt Victoriana; she could not behold the unhappy state of her sisters without dreading to become their rival. 
Madame then expressed her hope that Vectoring would accompany her sister to the fete at the chateau; and, with a complimentary message to her mother, she dismissed the young girl. 
And now came the important business of preparing dresses for the fete. The Rosier and her twelve female friends were all to be attired in white, and all, with the exception of the Rosier, were to wear blue ribbon scarves placed over one shoulder and tied under the other. They were to have no coverings on their heads, for the fete was in the warm month of June, but the Rosier was to wear a crown of roses, made by her twelve friends. 
Now Delia was an hourly witness of the patience of Victoriana. She it was who made her sister's dresses, for Lynette was in and out of the cottage every instant to talk of the fete, whilst Celeste felt too bitterly to set herself to work for an affair which she could not bear to think about.
