After returning, Lisette could not prevent herself from babbling on about Madame's condescending so-called kindness, often elaborating as she saw fit.

"Monsieur le Baron will escort me from our cottage, as he will not leave for Paris until June ninth, such that he can attend the fete of the Rose at his chateau" she stated.  "Madame suggested that Victorine should be among my companions for this fete."

"But Victorine never goes to mass!" Mimi pointed out, "and the Rosiere always attends vespers."

"That is not important," replied Lisette haughtily, "as long as Victorine agrees to come every once in a while."

"Oh, if only it was something else, Lisette, but my parents desire that I stay away from mass,"  Victorine replied.  "I cannot come with you."

"But it is Madame's expressed order!" exclaimed Lisette.

"Madame does not have the power to make me reject my morals," Victorine stated, "and this is one of those instances.  If my mother permits, I will go up to the chateau, and avoid Madame's wishes altogether."

"Oh, Victorine, how can you be so unkind?" Lisette asked rhetorically, tears trickling down her cheeks.  "I have already told Madame that you would certainly come with me, and she said that it would improve the procession if my two sisters were behind me and the Baron."

Victorine was exasperated at this point.  She took Lisette's hand and asked, "Do you really want me to do something that goes against my morals so that you can be amused for a short hour?  I can't ignore my conscience, my dearest sister.  I cannot come with you to the chapel."

Lisette snatched her hand back as she replied, "Do whatever you desire, Victorine, but it is difficult that the reason that makes me elected Rosiere causes jealousy in both of my elder sisters.  I certainly hoped that Caliste and Victorine would celebrate for the honor bestowed upon me."

Lisette's answer made Victorine increasingly sad, but the elder sister did not make another response.  After obtaining her mother's consent, Victorine left for the chateau to excuse herself to Madame la Baronne.

The Madame was courteous and even went so far as to approve of Victorine's conduct, even as she did not agree with the girl's opinions.  Madame very much desired Victorine to renounce her heresy and end her alienation from the Romish church.  This renouncement would allow Victorine to be elected Rosiere of the following year.  This offer, however, did not tempt Victorine, who could not look upon the sadness of her sisters without desiring to be their opposite.

Madame then expressed her hope that Victorine would go with her sister to the fete at the chateau and - after a complimentary messaage to her mother - sent the girl on her way.

Then came the ordeal of preparing all of the girl's fete dresses.  The Rosiere and her twelve female followers were all wearing white and all - with the exception of the Rosiere - wore blue ribbon scarves over one shoulder and tied under the other.  None of the followers wore head coverings, as the fete was in the summer month of June, but the Rosiere did wear a crown of roses, made by the twelve followers.

now D'Elsac was a frequent witness to Victorine's patience.  Victorine made her sister's dresses - as Lisette was extremely busy talking about the fete and Caliste was too bitter to help.
