The party, as we have seen, had landed in Rockingham Bay, and commenced their journey
northwards, with a well-appointed caravan of carts, horses, and men, all in high spirits. But
more than a month elapsed before they could extricate themselves from the swamps and scrub
which cover that part of the country; and at the beginning of November, five months later,
they had not advanced more than 400 miles in a direct line: nineteen of the horses were dead,
and the stock of provisions nearly exhausted. Mr Kennedy then determined on pushing forwards,
with a light party, for Cape York, 150 miles distant, whence relief was to be sent to the eight
individuals who were left behind, nearly worn out with fatigue and exhaustion. This party consisted
of the leader; Jackey Jackey, a faithful and intelligent native; and three of the strongest
of the men. One of the latter accidentally shot himself, and the other two became so weak,
that they also were left at an encampment, with as large a supply of provisions as could be
spared. After incredible hardships, Mr Kennedy and his companion reached Escape River, twenty
miles from Cape York, where they were attacked by a party of natives, while entangled in a
scrub, and the gallant leader of the expedition fell a victim to their ferocity. Three spears
had entered his body, and Jackey Jackey, in simple but touching words, describes his last moments.
On learning the fatal result, the captain sailed, in the hope of saving the men who had been
left behind. Of the two who had belonged to the advanced party, nothing was discovered except
some articles of clothing, and it was believed they had perished. Of the eight first left near
Weymouth Bay, two were still alive, but in the last stage of exhaustion, having endured privations
and hardships almost without a parallel.

The brig Freak was subsequently despatched from Sydney, for the purpose of securing any papers
or documents, or the mortal remains of any of the unfortunate expedition. Jackey Jackey was
on board, and by means of his remarkable sagacity, led the way to the respective camps. The
bones of two of the men were found; also some of Mr Kennedy's instruments, portions of his
clothing, and his manuscript journal, which had been hidden in the hollow of a tree; but after
a minute search for the place where his body had been buried, it could not be discovered.

We might extend this painful narrative did our space permit; but we must now close, with a
recommendation of the book under notice to those who are interested in the progress of natural
or geographical discovery. London: Boone. 2 vols. 8vo.

A CELEBRATED FRENCH CLOCKMAKER.

The superiority of French clocks and watches has been achieved only by the laborious efforts
of many ingenious artisans. Of one of these, to whom France owes no little of its celebrity
in this branch of art, we propose to speak. Bréguet was the name of this remarkable individual.
He was a native of Neuchâtel, in Switzerland, and thence he was removed, while young, to Versailles,
for the purpose of learning his business as a horologist. His parents being poor, he found
it necessary to rely on his own energy for advancement in life.

At Versailles, he served a regular apprenticeship, during which his diligence in improving
himself was almost beyond example. He became greatly attached to his profession; and soon,
by studious perseverance, his talents were developed by real knowledge.
