The party of high spirited carts, horses, and men, in Rockingham Bay, was continuing north. However, a month passed before they could get out of the swamps particular to the region they were in. Five months later, the beginning of November, they had not made much progress because they had merely moved 400 miles, lost ninetten horses, and used up their supplies. Mr Kennedy insisted on moving forward with a smaller party 150 miles in the direction of Cape York. Once there, relief would be sent to the exhausted eight people they were to leave behind. The leaving group was made up of their smart leader; Jackey Jackey, a native; and the three stronger men. However, they lost the three strong man as one of them accidentally shot himself, and the other two became so weak, that they were left behind at an encampment with some supplies they could spare. Finally, after so much hardship, Mr Kennedy and his party were twenty miles from Cape York at Escape River, where a group of natives attacked them. Jackey Jackey simply described the last moments by stating that because the party was entangled in a scrub, and the heroic leader of the group was killed by the native by three spears striking his body. The captain who heard about the deadly outcome sailed hoping to save those who were left behind. Nothing was found ff the two who were apart of the advanced party, except some articles of clothing. Thus, it was believed they had passed. Of the eight who they left behind near Weymouth Bay, only two were still alive, but near death from exhaustion, due to lacking necessities and dealing with hardships. 

The brig Freak was at the same time sent off from Sydney, in order to secure any papers or documents, or the bodies of any of those of the party. Jackey Jackey was one of the men on the ship, and because of his good judgement, he was able to lead the way to the camps. There, they found the bones of two of the men; along with some of Mr Kennedy's instruments, bits of his clothing, and his manuscript journal, which was found hidden inside of a tree. However, the place were his body was buried could not be discovered.

If there were more space, we would continue this painful story. However, this is the end with an additional recommendation a book under notice for anyone who are interested in the natural or geographical discovery progress. London: Boone. 2 vols. 8vo.

A CELEBRATED FRENCH CLOCKMAKER.

The reason why French clocks and watches are suporb is attested by the considerable efforts of many talented artisans. We wish to speak about one of these artisans, who is celebrated in the division of art. He is known as Bréguet, a native of Neuchâtel, Switzerland, who moved at a young age to Versailles. He moved in order to learn the business as a horologist. Coming from a poor background, he had to rely on himself for advancement in life.

There, at Versailles, he had a regular apprenticeship, where he worked hard in improving himself. He grew to love his profession; and soon, by working hard, his talents were developed by real studious learning.
