The party, which we have seen, had landed in Rockingham Bay, and began his journey north, with a well-equipped caravan of wagons, horses and men, all in good humor. But more than a month elapsed before they could get rid of the swamps and thickets on the part of the country and beginning of November, five months later, had not done more than 400 miles in a straight line: Nineteen horses were dead, and balance of provisions nearly exhausted. Kennedy so determined to go ahead with a festival of light, from Cape York, 150 miles away, where relief was sent to the eight people who were left, almost exhausted by fatigue and exhaustion. This group was formed by the head, Jackey Jackey, faithful and intelligent natives, and three of the strongest men. One of the latter was an accident and the other two were so weak that also stayed in a camp with so great a supply of provisions available. After incredible hardships reached Mr. Kennedy and his companion Escape River, twenty miles from Cape York, where they were attacked by a group of natives, while caught in the thicket, and the gallant leader of the expedition was the victim of their savagery. Three spear had entered his body, and Jackey Jackey in simple but not touching, described her last moments. By knowing the fatal result, the captain came out, hoping to rescue the men who had been left. Of the two who had belonged to the advanced party found nothing except some clothing and was believed to have perished. Of the eight left for the first time around Weymouth Bay, two were still alive, but in the last stage of exhaustion after suffering privations and hardships almost unprecedented.


Brig Freak was subsequently sent to Sydney to be with papers or documents, or the remains of one of the unfortunate expedition. Jackey Jackey was on board, and through his remarkable wisdom, paved the way for the respective areas. Bones of two of the men were found, including some of the instruments Mr. Kennedy, parts of his clothing and his diary manuscript, which had been concealed in the hollow of a tree, but after a thorough search of the place where his body was buried could not be found.

We could extend this painful history of our space allows, but we need to close now, with a recommendation of the book under notice to those who are interested in developing the physical and geographical discoveries. London: Boone. 2 bd. 8th.

A celebrated French watchmaker.

Superiority of French clocks and has only been achieved by the laborious efforts of many ingenious artisans. One of those to whom France owes much of its fame in this branch of art, it is suggested that speech. Bréguet was the name of this extraordinary person. Was a native of Neuchâtel, Switzerland, and thence he was retired, while young, to Versailles, to learn their business as a watchmaker. His parents are poor, he was forced to rely on their own energy to thrive.

At Versailles, was a regular apprenticeship, during which his diligence in improving itself was almost without example. It was very attached to their profession, and soon, the endurance scholars, his talent developed by a real knowledge.
