301.) 
Just repeat the subject of Gray's Elegy to the observation that although his correspondents, a hermit in Hampstead, and was, gave me a great deal of information, for which I thank you, have not responded to any of my questions. 

I never doubted as to the true reading of the third line of the second stanza of Gray's elegy, but simply pointed out that in one place the penultimate word was printed drony and other authorities buzz. Concerning this point, I wanted to know was simply whether, in any good annotated edition of the poem, it was noted that when Dodsley printed in his collection of poems, 1755, vol. iv., the epithet applied to flight was not drony and buzz? I dare say the point has not gone unnoticed, but if it does, the fact is simply worth watching. 

Then, any question, is not entirely clear about the date of publication of the Collection of Dodsley. The Rev. J. Mitford, in his Aldine edition of Gray, says (p. xxxiii.) That the first three volumes were published in 1752, while my copy of "second edition" is dated 1748. Is that the correct date, or editions vary? If the second edition came out in 1748, which was the date of the first edition? I only put this last question because, like most people are aware, some poems of note originally appeared in the collection of poems by Dodsley, and it is important to determine the true years ago when he first arrived in the press . 

The Hermit of Holyport. 

* * * * * 

ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS OF MINORS. 

Guns Zündnadel (vol. ii., P. 247 .).-- JARLTZBERG "Want to know when and by whom they were invented, and its mechanism."

Mechanism to describe without diagrams is both tedious and difficult, but I will be happy to show JARLTZBRG one in my possession, if he's going to favor a call - for which I include my address, which had its office. The principle is, the charge in the gap, and the cartridge containing the priming, which is ignited by the action of a hammer against them. It is one of the worst of the many methods of shipping in the breach, and the same principle was patented in England by AA Moser, a German, for over ten years. (344) 

He got the attention of our artillery department, and has been tested in Woolwich. The letter referred JARTZBERG, Berlin, September 11., Just shows the extreme ignorance of the writer on such topics as the range that he mentions has nothing to do with the principle or mechanism of the gun in question. It should also, before he expressed himself so forcefully, namely that the extreme range of English percussion rifle is closer than one mile 150 yards (how far the latter, he says, not to exceed) and there would been so surprised to reaches of the canyons that Zündnadel 800 yards, if he had seen, like me, a wide plain English rifle slits 1200 yards, with a proper elevation for the distance, and a conical projectile instead of a ball. 

The shape and weight of the projectile fired from a weapon, to a certain height, about 25 º to 30 º, with sufficient charge of powder, is the cause of the range and accuracy, and has nothing to do with the construction or means that fires, stone and percussion. The discussion of this topic is probably inappropriate for publication, or could have significantly expanded this communication
