Mexicans are divided over the country hot temperate zones, land and Frias, according to the weather. Throughout the country there is a lamentable lack of water and navigable rivers. The lakes also appear to be declining in one-year extension, the immediate consequence is that the upper parts of the interior are almost devoid of vegetation and soil covered with a flower of carbonate of soda, is called Tequisquita, closely resembles the plains of Castilla la Nueva, and reminding travelers of this desolate waste in parts of Persia. 
The effect of temperature increase is more pronounced, and it is rare that trembles on one side of the street in Mexico City, and be literally burned by the sun's rays on the other. The changes are that the record of 55 ° Fahrenheit for a period of three hours on a mountain plateau at the same level with the valley of Mexico. 

Despite the volcanic nature of Mexico, earthquakes are not as common there as in some neighboring countries. One of the most memorable in the register takes place on September 14, 1759, when the volcano Jorullo, with several small cones, forced to the surface of the land, destroying everything in its path. 

The infinite variety of climate and soil adapted to this country for the production of fruits from all regions of the hottest in the tropics to the cold of the most serious, where can the harvest. But the lack of ports and navigable rivers in the Atlantic, is opposed to the benefits of this variety of production, but in the Pacific ports are some admirable, and Acapulco. The prevalence of the North "," winds from the north or at certain times of the year, severely affecting navigation on the one hand, while that of the Parrots "is the drawback on the other. 

The Mexican population is commonly divided into seven classes: - 1. European Spanish, commonly called "Spanish." 2. White Creoles. 3. Mestizos, descendants of whites and Indians. 4. Mulattoes, descendants of whites and blacks. 5. Zambos, Indians and blacks. 6. Pura Indians. 7. Black Africans. But this classification can be reduced to four: - 1. Whites. 2. The Indians. 3. Blacks. 4. Mixed breeds, the various gradations of which can be considered almost infinite. 

The Indians made up a considerable number of different tribes, which differ in many aspects of appearance, and talk - not dialects, but - completely different languages. No less than twenty of them have been located, and fourteen of them are the grammars and dictionaries. The indigenous population is concentrated mainly in the Great Plains, and south, and Humboldt thinks that has flowed from north to south. The story of four large-scale migration is preserved in the annals of Mexico, which deserve a closer look at what we can about them. The great body of them are separated from the other races of his countrymen, in small towns, full of ignorance, suspicion and intolerance, and showing an apparent phlegm, which seems impossible to awaken. This credit reduces the phlegmatic temperament of men to women, who prefer the European standard, black or even more lively. "Indigenous Mexicans serious, melancholy, silent, if not under the influence of intoxicants.
