The Mexicans divide the regions of their country
into Tierras calientes, Tierras templadas, and Tierras frias, according to the climate. Throughout
the whole country there is a lamentable want of water, and of navigable rivers. The lakes,
too, appear to be yearly decreasing in extent, the immediate consequence of which is, that
the elevated portions of the interior are nearly stripped of vegetation, and the soil covered
with an efflorescence of carbonate of soda, there called Tequisquita, resembling very closely
the plains of the two Castiles, and recalling to the Eastern traveller the desolate wastes
of some parts of Persia.

The effect of elevation on the temperature is most marked, and it is no uncommon thing to be
shivering on one side of the street in the city of Mexico, and to be literally scorched by
the rays of the sun on the other. Changes are upon record of 55° of Fahrenheit within three
hours, on one of the mountain-plains at the same height with the valley of Mexico.

Notwithstanding the volcanic character of Mexico, earthquakes are by no means so frequent there
as in some of the neighbouring countries. One of the most memorable on record occurred on the
14th of September, 1759, when the volcano of Jorullo, with several smaller cones, forced the
surface of the soil, destroying all before it.

The infinite variety of climate and soil fits this country for the production of the fruits
of all regions, from those of the hottest within the tropics to those of the severest cold,
where cultivation can be carried on. But the want of ports, and of navigable rivers on the
Atlantic, opposes the advantages that might result from this variety of production, though
on the Pacific there are a few admirable ports, such as Acapulco. The prevalence of the "Nortes,"
or northerly winds, at certain seasons, seriously affects the navigation on one side, while
that of the "papagallos" is as inconvenient on the other.

The Mexican population is commonly divided into seven classes:--1. European Spaniards, commonly
called "gachupines." 2. White Creoles. 3. Mestizos, descendants of Whites and Indians. 4. Mulattoes,
descendants of Whites and Blacks. 5. Zambos, from Indians and Negroes. 6. Pure Indians. 7.
African Blacks. But this classification may be reduced to four:--1. Whites. 2. Indians. 3.
Blacks. 4. Mixed Races, the various gradations of which may be considered almost infinite.

The Indians consist of a considerable number of distinct tribes, differing in many points of
appearance, and speaking--not dialects but--languages entirely different. No less than twenty
of these have been traced, and of fourteen of them there are already grammars and dictionaries.
The Indian population is chiefly centered in the great plains, and towards the south; and Humboldt
thinks that it has flowed from the north to the south. The history of four great migrations
is preserved in the annals of Mexico, which are worthy of more detailed examination than we
can bestow upon them. The great body of these people live apart from the other races of their
countrymen, in small villages, full of ignorance, suspicion, and bigotry, and displaying an
apparent phlegm, from which it would seem impossible to arouse them. This phlegmatic temperament
lessens the credit of the men with the females, who uniformly prefer the European, or the still
more vivacious negro. "The indigenous Mexican is grave, melancholic, silent, so long as he
is not under the influence of intoxicating liquors.
