Mexicans divide their country into three regions using climate as their criteria. The regions are Tierras calientes, Tierras templadas, and Tierras frias. The country as a whole shares some common characteristics, such as lack of water and rivers capable of navigation. Mexico's lakes also are decreasing in size, causing the soil to be stripped of vegetation and the soil to be covered with a substance known locally as Tequisquita.

Mexico's varying elevations cause drastic differences in temperature even within the confines of the same town. In fact, variations of up to 55 degrees within a three-hour period have been observed in the mountain-planes. 

Unlike some of their neighboring countries, Mexico has less freqeunt earthquakes than their neighbors. One notable exception occurred on September 14, 1759, when the Jorollo vocano erupted, causing mass destruction and devastion to the surrounding areas.

Mexico's climate also affects navigation. The varying climates encourage the production of fruits across the country; however, the lack of ports and navigable rivers on the Atlantic region are somewhat of a hinderance to the cultivation of fruits. The Pacific region fars somewhat better, thanks to ports such as Acapulco. Northerly winds, known as "nortes" and their southern counterparts, papagallos, hinder navigation at times as well.

Mexico's populace is split among seven groups: the "gachupines" or European Spaniards, white Creoles, Mestizos, descendants of Whites and Indians,  Mulattoes (descendants of Whites and Blacks), Zambos ( descended from Indians and Negroes and Pure Indians), and African Blacks. However, theese seven groups can practically be narrowed to whites, indians, blacks, and theinnumerable permutations of mixed races.

The Indians have several distinct tribes among them, many with their own unique languages. At least twnety different languages have been traced. These populations are mainly found in the great plains, especially in the south, a remnant of one of the four great migations in Mexian history. This population tends to live in small, segregtaed villages and have a great suspcicion toward their fellow countrymen who come from other cultures.
