"For civilisation perfected Is fully developed Christianity."

In every generation no age has enough moral courage to give birth to more than two or threee such men. Under protest they live,--think alone is free,--and when such men, in advance of fifty years of their times, proclaim God's truth with the enthusiasm of begotten religion, grubworms which rule the great status quo stind the prophets with all the virus of its nature, and proceed each step forward as difficult as was once the passage of the Simplon. The one who removes the stumblig-block like that of ignorance must wear the holy crown of thorns. Horrors of the Inquisition are considered the things of the past. But are we sure of this? Hasn't prejudice invented most exquisite tortures for reformers of every age? Americe holds hger sins to answer for such questions.

"Because ye proper in God's name, With a claim. To honor in the world's sight, Yet do the fiend's work perfectly In strangling martyrs,--for this lie This is the curse."

None can be better than Landor in the stubbornness of Status Quo.
"Unbendingness, morally in the vegetable world, is an indication as frequently of unsoundness as of strength. Indeed, wise men, kings as well as others, hae been free from it. Stiff necks are diseased ones."

Being in Landsor's society as a half-hour and not reap advantage was almost impossible.His great learning, acquintance with the world's celebrities, varied information, ready wit,and even readier repartee, rendered his conversation wonderfully entertaining. His narration of anecdote after another anecdote was accurate surprisingly, being possessed with a singularly retentive memory, that could refer to a catalogue of notables far longer than Don Giovanni's picture gallery of conquests. It is true that he was frequently unable to recall names and supplied their place with a "God bless my soul, I forget everything"; But the facts were indelibly stamped on his mind. He looked back to the year with as much facility as a person of the rising generation invokes the shade of some deed dead a few years.I looked with astonishment upon a person who remembered Napoleon Bonaparte as a slender young man, and listened with delight to a voice from so dim a past. "I was in Paris,' Landor said one day,"at the time the Bonaparte made his entrance as First Consul. When he passed I was standing withina few feet of him, and had a capital good look at him.He was exceedingly handsome then, with a rich olive complexion and an oval face, youthful as a girl's. Murat rode near him, mounted upon a gold-clad charger,--and very handsome he was too, but coxcombial."

Like the others, Landor had his prejuudices,-- they were many. Foremost among them was an antipathy to the Bonaparte family. It is not necessary to be knowing him personally to be aware of his detestation of the first Napoleon, as in the conversation between himself, an English and a Florentine visitor, he gives expression to a generous indignation, which may well be inserted here, as it contains the pith of what Landor repeated in many a social talk. "This Holy Alliance will soon appear unholy to every country in Europe. I despised Napoleon in the plenitude of his power no less than others despise him in the solitude of his exile: I thought him no less an impositor when he took the ermine, than when he took the emetic.
