"Designed for the demanding culture into Christianity."


Each generation has two or three such men, not old enough courage to birth, to give more. They live subject - a thought is free - born and when these men, fifty years before his time, the truth of God with the enthusiasm of religion, grub worms, which govern the status quo to announce big bite of the prophets of all viruses in the wild , and every step to make as difficult as it was the pass there are no obstacles such as ignorance, and that should eliminate to wear the crown of thorns saints. He speaks of the horrors of the Inquisition as the things of the past. Are we be so sure? No injuries have invented the best torture for reformers of all time? United States to meet their sins in this regard.



It was impossible, in half an hour Landor his company and not to enjoy. Reply to his knowledge, a wealth of information, with extensive knowledge of celebrities, grace, and still want more, there is his wonderfully entertaining conversation. He tells the anecdote after anecdote, with astonishing precision, endowed with a single memory retention, which could refer to a catalog of more than Don Giovanni outstanding photo-gallery of conquests. The names, in fact, he was often not remember, has its place and delivered with a benediction:  God, my soul, I forget everything,  but the facts have been indelibly in his mind. It refers to a year as good as any of the new generation of the shadow of an action a few years, relied died. I stared at a person he thought of Napoleon Bonaparte as a thin young man, and heard with joy, a weak voice than before.  I was in Paris,  said Landor One day, when he made his debut as First Consul Bonaparte. I stood a few feet from him when it happened, and saw a good equipment to him. It was so big, I'll bet with a rich olive complexion and oval face, a young girl. Beside him rode Murat, mounted on a gold-plated - and very handsome he was, but Hahnenkamm. 
Like the rest of humanity, Landor has his prejudices - were very numerous. The first was the antipathy to the Bonaparte family. It is not necessary to have known him personally to know their dislike of the first Napoleon, when the conversation between him, an Englishman and a visitor from Florence, the expression of outrage that can be used here, is because it contains the essence of what Landor repeated in many social conversation.  The Holy Alliance is against nature soon appear on all European nations. I despised Napoleon at the height of his power no less than others despise him in the loneliness of exile: I'm no less a fraud when he took the ermine that when she took the emetic.
