We have never approved such long engagements even after having happy cases like Jacob and Rachel.

* * * * *

A PAYING GAME.

To testify that law of Might as being Right, while Belgium lie under your heel, And without appeal, Innocence should support your Schrecklichkeit scheme, we say, “Justice will be back on track and your methods can never with stand.” “Can’t they?” you said: “they can- and will!”

And the circle is now complete as a wheel, and, lying on the lap of destiny, you’re hearing, no appeal, the final terms we dictate; and when you lament (in German) while presenting the bill: “Ach, Hmme!! We can never pay,” "Can't you?" we'll cry; "you can--and will!"

O.S.

* * * * *

PEACE ON BRIGHTER SIDE

I have not yet left the Army, but recently I have taken leave. You do not really want to be demobilized at once at the moment. After all, winning – or say, to pay – being able to afford a luxurious lifestyle for a fortnight that may costs few pounds could be much better than to have equal number of shillings for a similar period of hard work. The former one indicates the financial outlook of my civilian career. However, for me at Blighty's future appeared glorified, and life was very satisfactory. I felt that I was able to say "Ha, ha" amid the captains (although I have only two pips in my account). Then later, I met Woggles in the road that leads to the downtown.

I know Woggles for many years. She became V.A.D sometime back and started driving an ambulance in France, since then I have not seen her and greeted her with expressing my happiness.

"Oh, Woggles”, I shouted,"we should celebrate this great occasion. What is your opinion?"

"if you wish, we can go back and I can show you the country side. But I would prefer, if you can come to my house for tea. I could prepare some 'Delight' Dog's – I suppose you still like simple things"

"Oh, as you wish" I said in cheerful manner.

Ah, this is a painful sort afternoon and late evening. The bogie (the puppy) was very annoying as he is missing his evening walk he might be comforted with “Dog’s Delight”. It is a big homemade bread to please me and Bogie’s mother sometime ago.

As we are walking in the fields, Woggles said, "I should warn you, that Dad and Mom have gone out today, I guess your dog will behave well”

I said, “I haven’t introduced each other, right” I signed Bogie, who was forwarding in front of us, and made her sit as if in a begging posture.  Then I commanded to fix the eyes kindly, and said, “Woogles & Bogie—two very nice people” then Bogie barked putting the tongue out, Woggles laughed in her style.

When we are the Rectory, I was very “delighted” as she sang for me beautifully than ever, Bogie was very calm and delighted as well; I felt very happy and appeared as if I am in love and laid back in the big and comfortable chair.

“Your idea of tea is very inspiring. I do not remember when I was very pleased about myself and my existence. Right now, my spirits and morals are very high even Mount Everest could fall short”

Woggles agreeably said, “yeah, I can feel that, do you want more tea?”
