
Territorial disputes have at all times been found one of the most fertile sources of hostility
among nations. Perhaps the greatest proportion of wars that have desolated the earth have sprung
from this origin. This cause would exist among us in full force. We have a vast tract of unsettled
territory within the boundaries of the United States. There still are discordant and undecided
claims between several of them, and the dissolution of the Union would lay a foundation for
similar claims between them all. It is well known that they have heretofore had serious and
animated discussion concerning the rights to the lands which were ungranted at the time of
the Revolution, and which usually went under the name of crown lands. The States within the
limits of whose colonial governments they were comprised have claimed them as their property,
the others have contended that the rights of the crown in this article devolved upon the Union;
especially as to all that part of the Western territory which, either by actual possession,
or through the submission of the Indian proprietors, was subjected to the jurisdiction of the
king of Great Britain, till it was relinquished in the treaty of peace. This, it has been said,
was at all events an acquisition to the Confederacy by compact with a foreign power. It has
been the prudent policy of Congress to appease this controversy, by prevailing upon the States
to make cessions to the United States for the benefit of the whole. This has been so far accomplished
as, under a continuation of the Union, to afford a decided prospect of an amicable termination
of the dispute. A dismemberment of the Confederacy, however, would revive this dispute, and
would create others on the same subject. At present, a large part of the vacant Western territory
is, by cession at least, if not by any anterior right, the common property of the Union. If
that were at an end, the States which made the cession, on a principle of federal compromise,
would be apt when the motive of the grant had ceased, to reclaim the lands as a reversion.
The other States would no doubt insist on a proportion, by right of representation. Their argument
would be, that a grant, once made, could not be revoked; and that the justice of participating
in territory acquired or secured by the joint efforts of the Confederacy, remained undiminished.
If, contrary to probability, it should be admitted by all the States, that each had a right
to a share of this common stock, there would still be a difficulty to be surmounted, as to
a proper rule of apportionment. Different principles would be set up by different States for
this purpose; and as they would affect the opposite interests of the parties, they might not
easily be susceptible of a pacific adjustment.

In the wide field of Western territory, therefore, we perceive an ample theatre for hostile
pretensions, without any umpire or common judge to interpose between the contending parties.
To reason from the past to the future, we shall have good ground to apprehend, that the sword
would sometimes be appealed to as the arbiter of their differences. The circumstances of the
dispute between Connecticut and Pennsylvania, respecting the land at Wyoming, admonish us not
to be sanguine in expecting an easy accommodation of such differences. The articles of confederation
obliged the parties to submit the matter to the decision of a federal court. The submission
was made, and the court decided in favor of Pennsylvania.
