Territorial disputes have at all times been found one of the most fertile sources of hostility among nations. Perhaps the greatest proportion of wars that have desolated the earth have sprung from this source. This cause would exist among us in full force. We have a vast expanse of unsettled territory within the limits of the United States. There are still discordant and undecided claims between several of them, and the dissolution of the Union could pave the way for similar claims between them. It is well known that until now have had serious and animated debate about rights to land that was ungranted at the time of the Revolution, and that was usually under the name of crown lands. The States within the limits of whose colonial governments have formed their property claims, others have argued that the rights of the crown in this article was to the Union; especially with regard to all that part of the western territory, either by actual possession, or by submitting the holders of India, was submitted to the jurisdiction of the King of Great Britain, until it was abandoned in the treaty of peace. This, he said, was in any case an acquisition to the Confederacy by compact with a foreign power. It has been the prudent policy of Congress to appease this controversy, by prevailing upon the States to make cessions to the United States for the benefit of the whole. This has been achieved so far in that, as a continuation of the Union decided to provide a perspective of an amicable termination of the litigation. A dismemberment of the Confederacy, however, would revive the dispute and create others in the same subject. Today, much of the vacant Western territory, by cession at least, if not by a prior right, the common property of the Union. If that were so, the states that make the sale, on a principle of federal compromise, would be appropriate when the purpose of the grant had ceased, to reclaim the lands as a reversion. The other Member States, of course, insist on a proportion, by right of representation. His argument would be that a grant, once made, could not be reversed, and that justice participating in territory acquired or secured by the joint efforts of the Confederacy, remained. If, contrary to probability, must be supported by all States, that each was entitled to a share of the common people, it is still difficult to overcome, as the true rule of apportionment. Different principles would be established by the various States for this purpose, and as they affect the interests of the parties in conflict, it can easily be subject to a quiet environment. 

In the wide field of Western territory, therefore, we see great theater for hostile pretensions, without any umpire or common judge to interpose between the contenders. If you think from the past into the future, we have good reason to fear that the sword is sometimes appealed to the referee of their differences. The circumstances of the dispute between Connecticut and Pennsylvania, respecting the land at Wyoming, admonish that we should be optimistic in expecting an easy accommodation of such differences. The articles of confederation obliged the parties to submit the case to federal court decision. The presentation was made, and the court ruled in favor of Pennsylvania.
