I stayed at the home of a neighbouring Vicar. The Bishop of the diocese had been lunching there before me, and there was laid out on the table a plate of very fine oranges and Blenheim orange apples from the Vicar's own garden. The Bishop had been offered and orange apple by the Vicar. The Bishop, probably never having heard of a Blenheim orange apple before, imagined that the Vicar was referring to the oranges and exclaimed: "I hadn't any idea that oranges would ripen in this climate!"

A similar story was told by one Bishop of Worcester, who worked with the Church to aid the working conditions of hop-pickers. He interviewed one disheveled man claiming to be a worker in the hop-yards one day, who (according to the Bishop) gave the following account:

"In summer I picks the fruits and peas, in autumn I picks the hops, in winter I picks pockets, in jail I picks oakum. It keeps me warm during the cold, and when summer comes round I starts picking fruits again."

My other Vicar gave condensed sermons, conducted with great dignity but with a manner some found troubling -- especially in his manner to the villages. One afternoon following service, the old clerk (whom I think the Vicar found a bit officious) announced with great satisfaction that some visiting strangers had "expressed themselves as well satisfied with the service." Presumably the clerk believed himself as responsible for the services as the Vicar, and met with a rude surprise when the Vicar showed nothing but annoyance at his presumption.

Later, during the Boxers' revolt and the Siege of Peking (an event closely following the Boer War), a time when telegrams relating the progress of foreign events were shown in the post-office every Sunday morning, I saw one day on these telegrams that Peking had been relieved. The Vicar's sermon was on the subject of the siege's terrors -- his sermon was written the previous day -- and he painted a frightening picture of the fate of the defenders. After service I inquired as to whether he was familiar with the news, "Good gracious!", he exclaimed. "I most certainly did not, and I'm glad, for what would I have done for a sermon otherwise?" I was taken aback that his sermon took precedence over the announcement of happy news, but it may be that the congregation would not have taken well a lack of a sermon and a polite dismissal due to the nature of current events. 

One Vicar, in the neighboring parish of Gloucestershire, found morning services tiring. His patron, the Squire, suggested that the after Communion service would be better. When the Vicar agreed, the Squire was even more pleased than the Vicar, because he (the Vicar) was a singularly boring speaker.
