
I was at the house of a neighbouring Vicar where the Bishop of the diocese had been lunching
shortly before, when there was a dish of very fine oranges on the table and another of Blenheim
orange apples. The Bishop was offered a Blenheim orange by the Vicar, who remarked that they
came from his own garden. The Bishop had probably never heard of a Blenheim orange, and the
latter word directed his attention to the dish of oranges. He examined them with great surprise,
and exclaimed: "Dear me! I had no idea that oranges would come to such perfection out of doors
in this climate."

A capital story was told by a Bishop of Worcester, in connection with the efforts of the Church
in that part of the country to alleviate the lot of the hop-pickers, who flock into Worcestershire
in September by the thousand. One of the mission workers, who had gone down to the hopyards,
met a dilapidated individual in a country lane, who said he was "a picker." Pressed for further
particulars, the man responded:

     "In the summer I picks peas and fruit; when autumn comes I
     picks hops; in the winter I picks pockets; and when I'm
     caught I picks oakum. I'm kept nice and warm during the cold
     months, and when the fine days come round once more I starts
     pea-picking again."

My second Vicar was a scholar, an excellent preacher of very condensed sermons; he conducted
the services with great dignity, but his manner to the villagers was a little alarming. He
found the old clerk somewhat officious, I think. One evening, after service, when some strangers
from Evesham attended--for Badsey was a pleasant walk on a summer evening--the clerk announced
to the Vicar, with great jubilation, that "the gentleman with the party from Evesham expressed
himself as very well satisfied with the service." No doubt the clerk had received a practical
proof of the satisfaction. The clerk imagined, I believe, that he was as much responsible for
the conduct of the services as the Vicar, and thought the latter would be equally pleased with
the stranger's commendation. He was disappointed, I fear, for the Vicar did not seem in the
least impressed, showing, too, some annoyance at what doubtless appeared to him great presumption.

At the time of the Boer War, followed by the Boxers' revolt in China and the Siege of Peking,
when telegrams were exhibited in the post-office every Sunday morning, I saw one day, on my
way to church, that Peking had been relieved. The Vicar--my third--preached on the subject
of the terrors of the siege--his sermon having been written on the previous day--and drew a
harrowing picture of the fate of the defenders. After service I asked if he had not seen the
telegram, and told him the good news. "Good gracious!" said he; "I am glad I didn't know that
before the service; what should I have done about my sermon?" I was a little surprised that
the delivery of a sermon which was no longer to the point should appear more important than
the announcement of the happy event; but perhaps the position would have been somewhat undignified
had he been obliged to explain, and dismiss the congregation with apologies.

An elderly Vicar, in a parish in the adjoining county, Gloucestershire, found the morning service
with a sermon very fatiguing, and the patron, the Squire, suggested that the ante-Communion
service would be less tiring in place of the latter. He was not a very interesting preacher,
and the Squire was quite as well pleased as the Vicar when he agreed.
