Her family was apparently very determined to hold on to life somewhat resembling the tenacious Fazio, as can be seen from the fact that her father Jacopo died when he was seventy-five years of age.About his maternal grandfather Jerome  comes out saying that he was a mathematician of a high standard,and that he was jailed for some wrongdoing not in tune with law, at the age of seventy-five years. When he refers to his mother, he mentions about her easily ignitable temper, physical attributes like her small build and her fat body construct, her powerful memory and mental acumen, and her strong religious leanings. He also says that if they had one common quality among them it was their nature to get easily provoked in to anger and their accustomed behavior of  exhibiting lukewarm and irregularly shown love for their offspring. Despite that they also were in a way indulgent to him. Till the second hour of the day struck, his father would not mind his remaining in the bed or to be more precise he would not let him get up before this--a practice he persevered with and which helped him preserve his health. He further adds that in the later stages of his life he always carried this opinion with him that it was his father who was the more kindly one than her mother.   

It can be inferred from these passages and from the ones subsequently following this that Jerome was not fond of his mother, and nowhere it is noticed that he has expressed disapproval or rebukes his mother ; but still clearly one can observe that he has no great endearing or grateful terms for her as against the flowing language that he churns out when he grieves the passing away of his oppressive and cruelly disposed father. In the Geniturarum Exempla [7] he says that as he is on to writing about a woman and so it shall be in order if he just merely mentions about how ingenious she was in addition to being honorable, respectful, magnanimous and charitable as well as being a caring and loving mother. The possible reason for his adopting a kindly line of expression towards his mother maybe due to the reason that his father pre-deceased her and she lived for many more years as his family member along with his wife. She was the widow of a certain Antonio Alberio ,[8] and during her marriage with him bore him three children, Tommaso, Catilina, and Joanni Ambrogio; but she lost all three of those children when Jerome was around one year old on account of plague, all within a span of a few weeks.[9] Jerome for his part survived the same attack rather by the narrowest of margins. He attributes the reason for having to encounter the attack to his mother’s earlier day experience of the disease during her girlhood times. It is also learnt that a son was born to Fazio and Chiara who expired at birth only.

Jerome’s birth was on September 24, 1501, half-past six ‘o clock and a quarter to seven in the evening. The date as mentioned herein is shown altered by Jerome in his autobiography in the second chapter as year 1500. Similarly in De Utilitate, p. 347, the date of his birth is mentioned to be September 23; but otherwise you observe that at all other places the date referred to continues to be the same as the one mentioned initially. Before he could get into the world destructive influences were at work to put him down. His mother influenced by the necessity she felt to conceal her shame and goaded on by some negative thinking people drank a potion of drugs to abort the birth by a miscarriage or otherwise. [11] Nature however could not be held back. While getting to describe the circumstances of his birth he goes some length and brings in astrological jargon to indicate how the celestial bodies were huddled together to strike him both in body and mind."Wherefore I ought, according to every rule, to have been born a monster, and, under the circumstances, it was no marvel that it was found necessary to tear me from the womb in order to bring me into the world. Thus was I born, or rather dragged from my mother's body. I was to all outward seeming dead, with my head covered with black curly hair.
