There were very powerful and knowledgable men there, to contradict Bismarck's perspective, and our political conspirator's emperor-hunt had to hear many merciless rebukes. He listened to all of them, without complaining, despite the fact that these were the most pitiless arguments he'd heard in his career.

"We have too many Catalines existing among us that have an interest in social uprisings," Bismarck stated. "Germany considers not the Liberalist of Prussia, but her own power. Bavaria, Wuertemberg and Baden may flirt with liberalism, but no German would think on that account of asking them to assume the role of Prussia. Prussia must brace herself, for the fitter moment. Prussia's borders are not favorable to the development of a healthy state."

The Pomeranian King's Man took advantage of this opportunity to defend his ruler, and those who listened to him were mocked and challenged to do their worst. He announced to them, "What matter if they hang me, provided the rope binds this new Germant more firmly to the throne?"

Less than a week later, Bismarck announced his decision, stating that they would go forth with the finances of the state and disregard the Consitution.
Expecting some blowback from the people, he said "Some progressive journals hope to see me picing oakum for the benefit of the state." Indeed they did. For example, Bismarck was depicted in comics in papers as a ballerina, dancing around eggs entitled "Right," "Law," "Order," "Reform," and "Constitution."

The King was not happy with Bismarck's decision. He was sure that the circumstances would result in Bismarck's execution, as well as his own. Bismarck proclaimed, "Oh, well, all must die, and the question is, can a man die more honorably than for his country? I am fighting for your cause, and you are sealing with your own blood your rights as King, by the grace of God. Your Majesty is bound to fight! You cannot capitulate! You must, even at the risk of bodily danger, go forth to meet any attempt Bismarck noticed that as he spoke, the King became more animated, looking more like someone who was ready to defend his homeland.

The King was not one to hesitate to act. Deep inside, he became angered and fired up. He wanted to expel Austria, but he could not be too obvious in his actions. And he wanted the equipment for his army, but at what cost to the constitution?

Though morals and ethics are important and highly valued among most men, a ruler must rise above such morals that stand in the way of accomplishing glory for one's own nation, its people, and legacy. Let philosophers and poets ponder about life's meaning, but Otto von Bismarck was not one of these philosophers or poets. The German states must be part of the German Empire, no matter what the cost. The state must be seized, even if it meant tossing aside individual morals.
