
There were extremely powerful and learned men there, to combat Bismarck's point of view, and
our political conspirator on his emperor-hunt had to listen to some of the most merciless rebukes
he was ever to hear, during his long and highly exciting career. But he took them all, without
a whimper.

¶ "We have too many Catalines existing among us that have an interest in social uprisings,"
Bismarck thundered. "Germany considers not the Liberalists of Prussia, but her own power. Bavaria,
Wuertemberg and Baden may flirt with liberalism, but no German would think on that account
of asking them to assume the rôle of Prussia. Prussia must brace herself, for the fitter moment.
Prussia's borders are not favorable to the development of a healthy state."

       *       *       *       *       *

¶ The giant Pomeranian King's Man with his turbulent support of his monarch, now advanced reasons
to show his side, and concluded by mocking his hearers to do their worst.

¶ "What matter if they hang me, provided the rope binds this new Germany more firmly to the
throne?"

¶ A few days after this sensational defiance of Democratic leaders, Bismarck announced his
decision: "We shall carry on the finances of the state without the conditions provided for
in the Constitution."

¶ Bismarck was not surprised at the storms of protest. "Some progressive journals hope to see
me picking oakum for the benefit of the state." The comic newspapers pictured Bismarck as a
ballet dancer, pirouetting over eggs marked Right, Law, Order, Reform, Constitution.

¶ The King became alarmed.

¶ "I see how this will end," said the King. "Over there, near the opera house, in front of
my windows, they will cut off your head, and mine a little afterwards."

¶ "And after that, sire?" asked Bismarck spunkily.

¶ "After that, why we shall be dead!"

¶ "Oh, well, all must die," cut in Bismarck indifferently, "and the question is can a man die
more honorably than for his country? I am fighting for your cause, and you are sealing with
your own blood your rights as King, by the grace of God.

¶ "Your Majesty is bound to fight! You cannot capitulate! You must, even at the risk of bodily
danger, go forth to meet any attempt at coercion!"

¶ As Bismarck spoke, the King grew more and more animated. "He began to assume the part of
one fighting for kingdom and fatherland," wrote Bismarck, in explaining the situation.

       *       *       *       *       *

¶ The giant's very soul glowed with fiery indignation. It was not in his nature to hesitate,
as to means. He wanted these 12,000,000 thalers for the army--and was not that enough? True,
he could not say in the open that he wished to expel Austria--but must an elephant step on
your foot?

¶ He had no scruples, moral or material; such are for lesser men. Hamlet-questioning princes,
if you please, may soliloquize on life and its inner meaning; but not your Otto von Bismarck,
with his clear view of the little lives of men and with his correct conviction that if the
intervening thirty-nine German states are to be made a unit in a German Empire, then under
Heaven or under Hell, the thirty-nine states must be seized, even in a hurricane of bullets
if necessary. Could anything be simpler? Had not the "German problem," as it was called, been
talked to death generation after generation, and had not lawyers, poets, preachers, philosophers
and petty princes unnumbered come and gone with their impossible enterprises looking to National
glory and political legitimacy?
