Is this really so?

Everyone says that "from convenience or necessity" words are and may be imported from foreign languages bodily into our own. However, a simple question arises. Why might not our forefathers, feeling the convenience or necessity of having words corresponding to bona, nova, divitae, have formed goods, news, riches, from good, new, rich?

News is always singular, says MR. HICKSON; but means "is without any doubt plural". However, Shakspeare talks of "a mean". Regarding news, however, there is the slight difficulty of the absence of the noun new to start from. Another question arises. Why is the absence of the singular an insurmountable difficulty in the way of the formation of a plural noun from an adjective, any more than of plural nouns otherwise formed, which have no singulars, such as alms, measles, clothes, &c. What does MR. HICKSON say of these words? Is it possible that they are all singular nouns and imported from other languages? because he admits that there is no irregularity in the formation of a language.

2. Noise. --I agree with MR> HICKSON in that I believe that the old derivations of noise are unsatisfactory. Howevere I continue to think he's monstrous. I am afraid we cannot decide in your columns which of us has the right German pronunciation of neues. Even more, I am sorry to find that you, Mr. Editor, are with MR. HICKSON in giving to the german eu the exact sound of oi in noise. I have been left unconvinced, and I will continue to pronounce the eu with less fulness than oi in noise. I have to agree though, that this is a small matter, and so I am content with MR. HICKSON to waive it. However, I continue to maintain that the derivation appears nonsensical. I cannot but think would appear so to anyone who was not bitten by a fancy.

I am not professing that I can give the root of noise. I believe however that is it probably the same as of noisome, annoy, the French nuire, Latin nocere, which brings us again to noxa; and the French word noise has probably the same root, though its specific meaning is different from that of our word noise. I do not want to venture into asserting it dogmatically. However, I should expect the now usual meaning of noise to be its primary meaning, viz. "a loud sound" or "disturbance;" and this accords with my notion of its alliances. The French word bruit has both the meanings of our word noise. To bruit and to noise are interchangable terms for us. However, the French word bruit has a sense of a disturbance more definite than our word noise. "Il y a du bruit" means "There is a row." (139) I mention bruit and its meanings merely as a parallel case to noise. "A loud sound" is its primary meaning, and "a rumour" is its secondary meaning.

I believe that there are many instances that some of our poets and prose writers make use of the noun annoy. I only remember at present Mr. Wordsworth's--

"There, at Blencatharn's rugged feet, Sir Lancelot gave a safe retreat To noble Clifford; from annoy Concealed the persecuted boy."

3. Parliament.--I think that FRANCISCUS's etymology of Parliament (Vol. ii., 85.) is a fit companion for MR> HICKSON's derivations of news and noise. I take FRANCISCUS for a wag. I hope noone has been seduced into a foolish explanation of the word Parliament by his joke. I want to mention that palam mente, literally translated, means before the mind. If FRANCISCUS or any one else tries to get "freedom of thought or deliberation" out of this, or to get Parliament out of it, or even to get sense out of it, he will only follow the fortune which FRANCISCUS says has befallen all his predecessors, and stumble in limine.
