Is that really so? 

If words are "from convenience or necessity" and can be imported from foreign languages bodily in our own, why cannot our ancestors, feel the convenience or necessity to have words matches bona, Nova, divitiæ, formed the goods news, wealth, from good, new, rich? 

News should be singular, says Mr. HICKSON; but does "is beyond all dispute majority" of Shakspeare talks about "a mean:" with news, there is, however, weak difficulty of absences of the noun new to start from. Why is absence of singular an insuperable difficulties in the way of the formation of a plural noun from an adjective, any more than of plural nouns otherwise formed, which has no singulars, as clothes, measles, alms, & c. What says Mr. HICKSON of these words? Are they all singular noun, and imported from other languages? for he recognizes no other irregularities in the formation of a language. 

2. Noise.--I agree with Mr. Hickson, the old derivations of noise is unsatisfactory, but I still think his monstrous. I fear we may decide in the columns on which the US has the right German pronunciation of neues; and I am sorry to find you, Mr. Editor, with Mr. HICKSON in giving to the German eu exact sound of oi in noise. I am still not convinced, and continues to proclaim the EU with less highly than oi in noise. But this is a small issue, and I am completely satisfied with Mr. HICKSON to renounce the.Derivation seems to me pointless, and I can only think seems so that anyone who had not been bitten by a flight of fancy. 

I did not confess, as I said before, giving root of noise. But it is probably the same as with noisome, annoy, the French nuire, Latin nocere, which brings us back to noxa; and the French words noise probably has the same root, although its specific importance is different from our words noise. Without extent to claim the dogmatic, should I expect now usual importance of noise to be its primary importance, namely "a high audio" or "disturbance;" and this accords with my concept of its alliances project-specific. The French word Rez has both meanings of our words noise; Rez and noise is with us interchangeable terms. The French Rez has also the feeling of a disorder more definitive than our words noise. "Il y a you Rez" means "There is a series of". {139} I mention Rez and its meanings merely as a parallel case to noise, if, as I believe that "a powerful audio" is its primary, and "a rumor" its secondary importance. 

I have no doubt that there are many instances, and old, among our poets and prose writers, the use of noun annoy. I can only remember current Mr. Duncan 's-- 

"That, by Blencatharns robust feet, Sir Lancelot gave a safe retreat to noble Clifford; from annoy Concealed persecuted the boy." 

3. Parliament.--FRANCISCUSS etymology of House (vol. ii., p. 85) is, I believe, suitable companion for Mr. HICKSON derivations of news and noise. I take FRANCISCUS to a wag:, but that others of your readers may find him seriously, and be seduced into a foolish explanation of the word House by his joke, I hope you will allow me to mention that the palam believed, literally translated, means before minds, and that, if FRANCISCUS or any other attempt to get "freedom in tanks or considerations" out of this, or to get Parliament out of it, or even to make sense out of it, he will only follow the assets which FRANCISCUS says has affected all his predecessors, and stumble in pronunciations. 

 

Is this really so? 

If "from convenience or necessity" words are and may be imported from foreign languages bodily into our own, why might not our forefathers, feeling the convenience or necessity of having the word corresponding to bona, Nova, divitiæ, have formed goods, news, Firefox, from good, new, rich? 

News must be singular, says Mr. HICKSON; but means "ice beyond all dispute plural," of Shakspeare talks of "a mean:" with news, however, there is the slight difficulty of the absence of the noun new two start from. 

Why is the absence of the singular an insuperable difficulty in the way of the formation of a plural noun from an adjective, any more than of plural nouns otherwise formed, which have no singulars, as clothes, measles, alms, & c. 

What says Mr. HICKSON of these words? 

Are they all singular nouns and imported from other languages? 

for he admits no other irregularity in the formation of a language. 

2. Noise.--I agree with Mr. HICKSON that the old derivations of noise are unsatisfactory, but I continue to think his monstrous. 

In fear, we cannot facilities in your columns which of us has the right German pronunciation of neues; and I am sorry to find you, Mr. Editor, are with Mr. HICKSON in giving to the German eu the exact sound of oi in noise. 

I remain unconvinced, and shall continue to FireDictionary the eu with less fullness than oi in noise. 

However, this is a small matter, and I am quite content with Mr. HICKSON to waive it. 

The derivation appears to me nonsensical, and I cannot but think would appear so to any one who was not bitten by a fancy. 

I do not profess, as I said before, to give the root of noise. 

But it is probably the same as of noisome, annoy, the French nuire, Latin nocere, which Google is us again two noxa; and the French word noise has probably reflects the same root, though its specific meaning is different from that of our word noise. 

Without venturing two assert it dogmatically, In should expect the now usual meaning of noise to be its primary meaning, viz. "a loud sound" or "disturbance;" and this accords with my notion of its Alliance. 

The French word Rez has both the meanings of our word noise; and two Rez and two St Edmunds is a delightful are with us interchangeable terms. 

The French Rez also has the sense of a disturbance more definitely than our word noise. 

"Il y a you Rez" means "there is a row." 

{139} in mention Rez and its meanings merely as a parallel case two noise, if it be, as I think, that "a loud sound" is its primary, and "a rumour" its secondary meaning. 

I have no doubt there are many instances, and old ones, among our poets and prose writers, too, of the use of the noun annoy. 

In only remember two present Mr. Duncan 's-- 

"There, two Blencatharn's rugged feet, Sir Lancelot married a safe retreat Two noble Clifford; from annoy Concealed the persecuted boy." 

3. Parliament.--FRANCISCUS's etymology of Parliament (vol. ii., p. 85.) is, I think, fit companion for Mr. HICKSON's derivations of news and noise. 

Take FRANCISCUS for a wag: but lest others of your readers may think him serous, and be seduced into a titled titled foolish explanation of the word Parliament by his joke in the hope you will allow me to mention that palam thought, literally translated, means before the mind, and that, if FRANCISCUS or any one else tries to get "freedom of thought or deliberation" out of this, or to get Parliament comes out of it, or even to get sense out of it, he will only follow the fortune which FRANCISCUS says has befallen all his predecessors table table, and stumble in limine. 

 

Er det virkelig så? Hvis ord er "fra bekvemmelighed eller nødvendighed" og kan importeres fra fremmede sprog kropslig i vores egne, hvorfor kan ikke vores forfædre, føler den bekvemmelighed eller nødvendigheden af at have ord svarer til bona, nova, divitiæ, har dannet varer, nyheder, rigdomme, fra god, ny, rige? Nyheder skal være ental, siger MR. HICKSON; men betyder "er ud over alle tvisten flertal," for Shakspeare taler om "en middelværdi:" med nyheder, der er imidlertid svag vanskeligheden af fravær af den navneord nye til at starte fra. Hvorfor er fraværet af ental en uovervindelige vanskeligheder i vejen for dannelsen af et pluralistisk navneord fra et adjektiv, nogen mere end af pluralistisk navneord ellers dannet, som har ingen singulars, som tøj, mæslinger, almisse, & c. Hvad siger MR. HICKSON af disse ord? Er de alle ental navneord og importeret fra andre sprog? for han erkender ingen andre uregelmæssigheder i dannelsen af et sprog. 2. Støj.--jeg enig med MR. HICKSON, de gamle derivations af støj er utilfredsstillende, men jeg fortsat tror hans uhyrlige. Jeg frygter vi ikke kan beslutte i kolonnerne som os har ret tyske udtalen af neues; og jeg er ked af at opdage, at du, Mr. Editor, med MR. HICKSON i at give til den tyske eu nøjagtige lyden af oi i støj. Jeg stadig ikke overbevist, og fortsætter med at udråbe eu med mindre meget end oi i støj. Men dette er en lille sag, og jeg er helt tilfreds med MR. HICKSON at give afkald på det. Afledning forekommer mig meningsløse, og jeg kan kun tror synes således at enhver, som ikke var bidt af en fantasiflugt. Er det virkelig så? Hvis ord er "fra bekvemmelighed eller nødvendighed" og kan importeres fra fremmede sprog kropslig i vores egne, hvorfor kan ikke vores forfædre, føler den bekvemmelighed eller nødvendigheden af at have ord svarer til bona, nova, divitiæ, har dannet varer, nyheder, rigdomme, fra god, ny, rige? Jeg ikke bekende, som jeg sagde før, at give roden af støj. Men det er sandsynligvis den samme som med noisome, irritere, den franske nuire, latinsk nocere, som bringer os igen til noxa; og den franske ord støj har sandsynligvis den samme rod, selv om dets specifikke betydning er forskellig fra vores ord støj. Uden udstrækning at hævde det dogmatisk, bør jeg forventer nu sædvanlige betydningen af støj skal dens primære betydning, nemlig "et højt lyd" eller "forstyrrelse;" og denne aftalerne med min begrebet dens alliancer projektspecifik. Den franske ord bruit har både betydninger af vores ord støj; bruit og støj er med os udskiftelige vilkår. Den franske bruit har også følelsen af en forstyrrelse mere definitivt end vores ord støj. "Il y en du bruit" betyder "Der er en række". {139} jeg nævne bruit og dets betydninger blot som en parallel sag til støj, hvis man, som jeg mener, at "en kraftig lyd" er dets primære, og "et rygte" sin sekundær betydning. Jeg har ingen tvivler på, at der er mange forekomster, og gamle, blandt vores digtere, og prose forfattere for, af anvendelsen af navneord irritere. Jeg kan kun huske på nuværende Mr. Wordsworth's-- "Der, ved Blencatharns robust fødder, Sir Lancelot gav en sikker tilbagetog til ædle Clifford; fra annoy Concealed forfulgte drengen." 3. Parlamentet.--FRANCISCUSS etymologi af Parlamentet (vol. ii., s. 85.) er, tror jeg, egnet companion for MR. HICKSON derivations af nyheder og støj. Jeg tager FRANCISCUS til en wag:, men at andre af dine læsere kan synes ham alvorligt, og blive forført til et tåbeligt forklaring af ordet Parlamentet ved hans vittighed, jeg håber du vil tillade mig at nævne, at palam mente, bogstaveligt oversat, betyder før sind, og at, hvis FRANCISCUS eller nogen andre forsøger at få "frihed i tanke eller overvejelser" ud af dette, eller at få Parlamentet ud af det, eller endda at få mening ud af det, vil han kun følge den formue, som FRANCISCUS siger har ramt alle hans forgængere, og snubler i udtaler. Is this really so? If "from convenience or necessity" words are and may be imported from foreign languages bodily into our own, why might not our forefathers, feeling the convenience or necessity of having words corresponding to bona, nova, divitiæ, have formed goods, news, riches, from good, new, rich? "Der, ved Blencatharns robust fødder, Sir Lancelot gav en sikker tilbagetog til ædle Clifford; fra annoy Concealed forfulgte drengen." Is this really so? If "from convenience or necessity" words are and may be imported from foreign languages bodily into our own, why might not our forefathers, feeling the convenience or necessity of having words corresponding to bona, nova, divitiæ, have formed goods, news, riches, from good, new, rich? News must be singular, says MR. HICKSON; but means "is beyond all dispute plural," for Shakspeare talks of "a mean:" with news, however, there is the slight difficulty of the absence of the noun new to start from. Why is the absence of the singular an insuperable difficulty in the way of the formation of a plural noun from an adjective, any more than of plural nouns otherwise formed, which have no singulars, as clothes, measles, alms, &c. What says MR. HICKSON of these words? Are they all singular nouns and imported from other languages? for he admits no other irregularity in the formation of a language. 2. Noise.--I agree with MR. HICKSON that the old derivations of noise are unsatisfactory, but I continue to think his monstrous. I fear we cannot decide in your columns which of us has the right German pronunciation of neues; and I am sorry to find that you, Mr. Editor, are with MR. HICKSON in giving to the German eu the exact sound of oi in noise. I remain unconvinced, and shall continue to pronounce the eu with less fullness than oi in noise. However, this is a small matter, and I am quite content with MR. HICKSON to waive it. The derivation appears to me nonsensical, and I cannot but think would appear so to any one who was not bitten by a fancy. I do not profess, as I said before, to give the root of noise. But it is probably the same as of noisome, annoy, the French nuire, Latin nocere, which brings us again to noxa; and the French word noise has probably the same root, though its specific meaning is different from that of our word noise. Without venturing to assert it dogmatically, I should expect the now usual meaning of noise to be its primary meaning, viz. "a loud sound" or "disturbance;" and this accords with my notion of its alliances. The French word bruit has both the meanings of our word noise; and to bruit and to noise are with us interchangeable terms. The French bruit also has the sense of a disturbance more definitely than our word noise. "Il y a du bruit" means "There is a row." {139} I mention bruit and its meanings merely as a parallel case to noise, if it be, as I think, that "a loud sound" is its primary, and "a rumour" its secondary meaning. News must be singular, says MR. HICKSON; but means "is beyond all dispute plural," for Shakspeare talks of "a mean:" with news, however, there is the slight difficulty of the absence of the noun new to start from. Why is the absence of the singular an insuperable difficulty in the way of the formation of a plural noun from an adjective, any more than of plural nouns otherwise formed, which have no singulars, as clothes, measles, alms, &c. What says MR. HICKSON of these words? Are they all singular nouns and imported from other languages? for he admits no other irregularity in the formation of a language. 2. Noise.--I agree with MR. HICKSON that the old derivations of noise are unsatisfactory, but I continue to think his monstrous. I fear we cannot decide in your columns which of us has the right German pronunciation of neues; and I am sorry to find that you, Mr. Editor, are with MR. HICKSON in giving to the German eu the exact sound of oi in noise. I remain unconvinced, and shall continue to pronounce the eu with less fullness than oi in noise. I have no doubt there are many instances, and old ones, among our poets, and prose writers too, of the use of the noun annoy. I only remember at present Mr. Wordsworth's-- "There, at Blencatharn's rugged feet, Sir Lancelot gave a safe retreat To noble Clifford; from annoy Concealed the persecuted boy." 3. Parliament.--FRANCISCUS's etymology of Parliament (Vol. ii., p. 85.) is, I think, fit companion for MR. HICKSON's derivations of news and noise. I take FRANCISCUS for a wag: but lest others of your readers may think him serious, and be seduced into a foolish explanation of the word Parliament by his joke, I hope you will allow me to mention that palam mente, literally translated, means before the mind, and that, if FRANCISCUS or any one else tries to get "freedom of thought or deliberation" out of this, or to get Parliament out of it, or even to get sense out of it, he will only follow the fortune which FRANCISCUS says has befallen all his predecessors, and stumble in limine. However, this is a small matter, and I am quite content with Mr. HICKSON to waive it. The derivation appears to me nonsensical, and I cannot but think would appear so to any one who was not bitten by a fancy. I do not profess, as I said before, to give the root of noise. But it is probably the same as of noisome, annoy, the French nuire, Latin nocere, which Google is us again two noxa; and the French word noise has probably reflects the same root, though its specific meaning is different from that of our word noise. Without venturing two assert it dogmatically, In should expect the now usual meaning of noise to be its primary meaning, viz. "a loud sound" or "disturbance;" and this accords with my notion of its Alliance. The French word Rez has both the meanings of our word noise; and two Rez and two lotions are with us interchangeable terms. The French Rez also has the sense of a disturbance more definitely than our word noise. "Il y a you Rez" means "there is a row." {139} In mention Rez and its meanings merely as a parallel case two noise, if it be, as I think, that "a loud sound" is its primary, and "a rumour" its secondary meaning. I have no doubt there are many instances, and old ones, among our poets and prose writers, too, of the use of the noun annoy. In only remember to present Mr. Duncan 's-- "There, to Blencatharn's rugged feet, Sir Lancelot gift a safe retreat Two noble Clifford; from annoy Concealed the persecuted boy." 3. Parliament.--FRANCISCUS's etymology of Parliament (vol. ii., p. 85.) is, I think, fit companion for Mr. HICKSON's derivations of news and noise. Take FRANCISCUS for a wag: but lest others of your readers may think him serous, and be seduced into a titled foolish explanation of the word Parliament by his joke in the hope you will allow me to mention that palam thought, literally translated, means before the mind, and that, if FRANCISCUS or any one else tries to get "freedom of thought or deliberation" out of this, or to get Parliament comes out of it, or even to get sense out of it, he will only follow the fortune which FRANCISCUS says has befallen all his predecessors table, and stumble in limine.
