Is it true? 

If our words are taken from other languages because of convenience or need, why wouldn't our forefothers form words like "goods, news, and riches" from their roots, like good, new, and rich? 

Though the word "news" is a singular noun, it is really plural with the difficulty of not having a noun as a root. The singular's absence makes the way of formation of a plural noun from an adjective difficult, more than plural nouns normally formed without singulars, like measles or clothes. Mr. Hickson says, "What of these words? Are they all singluar nouns imported from other languages?" He does not see any other irregularities in language formation. 

Noise-- Mr. Hickson believes that the old derivations of the word "noise" do not explain its origins, and I agree, but his is far worse. In your columns, we don't know who has the right pronunciation of the word "neues." Mr. Editor, you agree with Mr. Hickson in giving the German sound "eu" the pronunciation of "oi" in noise. I am not convinced, and will not pronounce it as fully as the "oi." This is not significant, though, and I am happy to forget it with Mr. Hickson. The derivation does not make sense to me, and I doubt it appeals to anyone who was not bitten by a fancy. 

I said before that I do not know "noise"'s derivation, but it is probably with annoy, noisome, and the French noire, the Latin's nocere, which is noxa. The french word "noise," even with its different meaning, probably shares the same root, as well. I'm not swearing by it, but the usual meaning of noise, "a loud sound" or "disturbance," is its primary meaning. This agrees with my notion of its alliances. The French word sharing the definition of English's word noise, Bruit, has more of a connotation of a disturbance than the English word noise. "Il y a du bruit" means "There is a fight." I'm only bringing out this parallel case to noise, bruit, because perhaps "a loud sound" is it's primary, but "a rumor" is its secondary denotation. 

I am certain that there are numerous times, and anchient times, where our poets and prose writers use the noun annoy. I recall Mr. Wordsworth's passage-- "There, at Blencatharn's rugged feet, Sir Lancelot gave a safe retreat To noble Clifford; from annoy Concealed the persecuted boy." 

Parliament-- Franciscus's derivation for the word "parliament" is bretheren to Mr. Hickson's etymology of news and noise. He is rediculous, in my opinion, but other readers might take him seriously and be tricked into a rediculous explanation of the word. Please let me explain to you that Palam mente, literally translated as "before the mind," exhorbitantly streched to mean "freedom of thought or deliberation," or stretched to get Parliament, is stretched too far to even make sense. FRANCISCUS will follow the fortune he claims befell his predecessors--stumbling into limine.
