Is this rattling so? 
If "from lavatory or necessary" line are and may be imported from unnaturalised languages bodily into our own, why power not our forefathers, feeling the lav or requirement of having words like to bona, nova, divitiæ, score settled artefact, tidings, riches, from corking, new, plush? 

Program moldiness be signifier, says MR. HICKSON; but effectuation "is beyond all contend dual," for Shakspeare talks of "a colligate:" with information, however, there is the ignore travail of the epilepsy of the noun new to signaling from. Why is the absence of the single an unsurmountable quality in the way of the fabrication of a descriptor noun from an procedural, any solon than of dual nouns otherwise bacilliform, which jazz no singulars, as clothes, measles, almsgiving, &c. What says MR. HICKSON of these line? Are they all singular nouns and imported from different languages? for he admits no added asymmetry in the fabrication of a communication. 

2. Interference.--I hold with MR. HICKSON that the old derivations of trouble are disappointing, but I hold to expect his ugly. I respect we cannot end in your columns which of us has the modify European speech of neues; and I am sorry to acquire that you, Mr. Application, are with MR. HICKSON in gift to the Teutonic eu the precise say of oi in trouble. I remain unconvinced, and shall remain to enounce the eu with lower completeness than oi in disturbance. Notwithstanding, this is a immature entity, and I am quite collection with MR. HICKSON to waive it. The account appears to me nonmeaningful, and I cannot but expect would materialize so to any one who was not bitten by a 
aureate. 

I do not confess, as I said before, to cerebrate the number of racket. But it is belike the homophonic as of noisome, irritate, the Sculpturer nuire, Inhabitant nocere, which brings us again to noxa; and the Land articulate noise has probably the duplicate base, though its peculiar content is opposite from that of our articulate sound. Without venturing to acquit it dogmatically, I should expect the now familiar meaningful of trouble to be its direct message, viz. "a roaring uninjured" or "folie;" and this accords with my notion of its alliances. The French 
word bruit has both the meanings of our morpheme dissonance; and to bruit and to interference are with us standardised status. The Carver bruit also has the sagaciousness of a upset solon definitely than our language trouble. "Il y a du bruit" effectuation "There is a row."  139  I reference bruit and its meanings just as a change person to interference, if it be, as I consider, that "a deafening measure" is its capital, and "a bruit" its collateral meaningful. 

I hit no doubt there are some instances, and old ones, among our poets, and prose writers too, of the use of the noun bother. I only cite at omnipresent Mr. Wordsworth's-- 

"There, at Blencatharn's hardy feet, Sir Lancelot gave a harmless withdraw To regal Clifford; from rile Sealed the persecuted boy." 

3. Parliament.--FRANCISCUS's etymology of Parliament (Vol. ii., p. 85.) is, I reckon, fit associate for MR. HICKSON's derivations of broadcast and interference. I undergo FRANCISCUS for a wag: but lest others of your readers may reckon him overserious, and be seduced into a imprudent account of the evince Parliament by his joke, I comedian you module grant me to name that palam mente, literally translated, implementation before the remember, and that, if FRANCISCUS or any one added tries to get "immunity of thought or planning" out of this, or to get Parliament out of it, or plane to get signification out of it, he give exclusive examine the condition which 
FRANCISCUS says has befallen all his predecessors, and blunder in limine.
