Is this really so?

If "from convenience or necessity" words are and may be imported from foreign languages bodily
into our own, why might not our forefathers, feeling the convenience or necessity of having
words corresponding to bona, nova, divitiæ, have formed goods, news, riches, from good, new, rich?

News must be singular, says MR. HICKSON; but means "is beyond all dispute plural," for Shakspeare
talks of "a mean:" with news, however, there is the slight difficulty of the absence of the
noun new to start from. Why is the absence of the singular an insuperable difficulty in the
way of the formation of a plural noun from an adjective, any more than of plural nouns otherwise
formed, which have no singulars, as clothes, measles, alms, &c. What says MR. HICKSON of these
words? Are they all singular nouns and imported from other languages? for he admits no other
irregularity in the formation of a language.

2. Noise.--I agree with MR. HICKSON that the old derivations of noise are unsatisfactory, but
I continue to think his monstrous. I fear we cannot decide in your columns which of us has
the right German pronunciation of neues; and I am sorry to find that you, Mr. Editor, are with
MR. HICKSON in giving to the German eu the exact sound of oi in noise. I remain unconvinced,
and shall continue to pronounce the eu with less fullness than oi in noise. However, this is
a small matter, and I am quite content with MR. HICKSON to waive it. The derivation appears
to me nonsensical, and I cannot but think would appear so to any one who was not bitten by a fancy.

I do not profess, as I said before, to give the root of noise. But it is probably the same
as of noisome, annoy, the French nuire, Latin nocere, which brings us again to noxa; and the
French word noise has probably the same root, though its specific meaning is different from
that of our word noise. Without venturing to assert it dogmatically, I should expect the now
usual meaning of noise to be its primary meaning, viz. "a loud sound" or "disturbance;" and
this accords with my notion of its alliances. The French word bruit has both the meanings of
our word noise; and to bruit and to noise are with us interchangeable terms. The French bruit
also has the sense of a disturbance more definitely than our word noise. "Il y a du bruit"
means "There is a row." {139} I mention bruit and its meanings merely as a parallel case to
noise, if it be, as I think, that "a loud sound" is its primary, and "a rumour" its secondary
meaning.

I have no doubt there are many instances, and old ones, among our poets, and prose writers
too, of the use of the noun annoy. I only remember at present Mr. Wordsworth's--

  "There, at Blencatharn's rugged feet,
  Sir Lancelot gave a safe retreat
  To noble Clifford; from annoy
  Concealed the persecuted boy."

3. Parliament.--FRANCISCUS's etymology of Parliament (Vol. ii., p. 85.) is, I think, fit companion
for MR. HICKSON's derivations of news and noise. I take FRANCISCUS for a wag: but lest others
of your readers may think him serious, and be seduced into a foolish explanation of the word
Parliament by his joke, I hope you will allow me to mention that palam mente, literally translated,
means before the mind, and that, if FRANCISCUS or any one else tries to get "freedom of thought
or deliberation" out of this, or to get Parliament out of it, or even to get sense out of it,
he will only follow the fortune which FRANCISCUS says has befallen all his predecessors, and
stumble in limine.
