
It must be said, in justice to the writer, that the pretentiousness of his book is only skin-deep.
It "thunders in the index," but disappears after the front page. He makes no claim to profundity,
and is satisfied to be an authority among Nimrods rather than with statesmen and philosophers.
The rod and gun suit his hand better than the pen, and he takes not the least trouble to disguise
the fact. Style is the very least of his cares: we should almost judge, indeed, that he likes
to parade his contempt for it. The pronoun who he constantly applies to animals, from a sheep
to a shellfish. Of the Uruguayan thistles he notes: "The abundance of this weed was quite surprising,
and consisted chiefly of two kinds." The gentleman of color he invariably mentions as a nigger--a
word as strange to ears polite in America, and perhaps as natural to them in England, as nasty.
He plucks at Sir G. Wolseley's laurels won in "licking a few miserable niggers in Ashantee."

But literary vanities can be despised by a man who drops a prong-horned antelope at one thousand
and ninety yards; overtakes by swimming, and captures, a turtle in mid-ocean; finishes with
a single ball a grizzly who had put to flight the settlers of half a county in Idaho; stalks
a guanaco in Patagonia nine feet high to the top of the head; and catches in one day's fishing,
"the only day I really worked hard, twenty-seven California salmon, weighing three hundred
and twenty-four pounds." The majesty of the facts utterly overshadows any little blemishes
in the method of stating them. Truth so grand might well afford to present itself quite naked,
as Truth poetically does--much more somewhat defective in the cut of its garments.

Sir Rose Price is a cosmopolitan sportsman, having hunted the jungles of India, the swamps
of Eastern Africa and China, the fjelds of Norway, and most other fields of "mimic war." As
usual with persons of that taste, he enjoys perfect health, and, like most persons who know
that great blessing, he is full of bonhommie and looks on the rosy side of things. Mosquitoes
he dislikes: he denounces also the modern Peruvians. But his chief bitterness is reserved for
the unhappy gunboat, the Rocket, which took eight months to get him to San Diego, and spent
half an hour in turning round. Whether or not that particular segment of England's wooden walls
was built in the eclipse, no reader of Sir Rose's book will doubt that she is rigged with curses
dark. When he leaves her a cloud seems to be lifted from his soul. Everything thereafter is
delightful, if we except the climate of San Francisco, which he abominates as windy and extreme
in its daily changes, and the social system which prevails under Brigham Young. The "big trees"
transport him; the California stage-drivers are unapproachable in the world; the officers of
the United States army treat him with the most assiduous and unvaried courtesy and hospitality;
the ladies of both coasts of the United States are unrivaled for beauty; and "the more one
sees of America, both of people and country, the better one likes both." He sums up in the
following climax: "Should any visit America after reading these lines, let me advise them to
pay particular attention to three subjects--i. e., canvas-back ducks, terrapin and madeira.
This to the uninitiated is a hint worth remembering." The last word, we take it, refers to
the wine of that name, which we had thought was still in process of very slow recovery from
the eclipse of twenty-five years ago.
