Pretension of the book is superficial, boasting in the index fade away when pages progress. Author claims great depth, but only an authority of foolishness rather than with statesmen and philosophers is the only justification. Weapons suited to his hands than possessing a pen, this fact is clear.  He has not cared for style and expresses his contempt for that.  "The abundance of this weed was quite surprising, and consisted chiefly of two kinds," Of the Uruguayan thistles he notes, he uses pronoun to all creatures. He depicts at Sir G. Wolseley's laurels won in "licking a few miserable niggers in Ashantee," nigger--a word and strange to  polite  Americans was used by this gentleman of color.  

The excessive belief in the abilities of the boaster can be rejected, as in case of droping of  a prong-horned antelope at one thousand and ninety yards; captures a turtle in mid-ocean after a long distance swim,finishes with a single ball a grizzly to flight the settlers of half a county in Idaho..As in "the only day I really worked hard, twenty-seven California salmon, weighing three hundred and twenty-four pounds", beauty of real facts are  darkened by imperfection of stating the facts.  Truth poetically do much-more,well afford to present itself very frank and grand.  

Sir Rose Price claims as a cosmopolitan sportsman  having hunted the jungles of India and fought "mimic war"  at many fields including Norway. From top to bottom he is a good man in good physique, seeing only positive sides, man of great blessings who dislike mosquitoes and modern Peruvians alike. Bitterness is expressed for the unhappy gunboat and  the Rocket, which took eight months to San Diego, and spent half an hour in turning round. No reader of the  book will doubt that it is corrupted with adversity of misfortunes and his soul is purified.

Thereafter the author makes  every thing highly blessing if we except the climate of San Francisco   the extreme winds and climatic changes, and the social system which prevails under Brigham Young.  He has been transported by the "Big Trees".  He commends that California stage-drivers are unapproachable ; the officers of the United States army treat him with the most perfect and invariable courtesy and hospitality; the ladies of both coasts of the United States are incomparable for beauty and seeing more both people and country will be liked by one.

After reading these  visitors to America are advised  to pay particular attention to three subjects-- canvas-back ducks, terrapin and madeira, an advice to the  unskilled. He  refers to a wine of that name which they thought was still in process of very slow recovery from the eclipse of twenty-five years ago.
