This was an indian, named Juan, the first alcalde of the
village. We had carefully explained the operation to our subjects; we had described in detail
the sensations and emotions connected with the thing, and thought we had the subjects well
prepared. When Juan began, he seemed to have good courage, but we told a young fellow, who
sat near and understood Spanish, that he should tell the man certain encouraging things which
we repeated to him. The translation was promptly done, and we were therefore much surprised
to see our subject's confidence gradually give way to terror. While we were applying the first
mould, he began to sob and cry like a child; this was, however, nothing compared with the abject
terror and sorrow which he displayed while we were making the face-mould. The tears flowed
from his eyes; he sobbed, cried aloud, and we could see the thumping of his heart against his
chest. We had never had a subject who took the matter so hardly. When the operation was completed,
we learned the cause of all this trouble. Our interpreter turned out to be a joker, and, while
we were telling him encouraging remarks, with which to soothe the subject, he was saying, "Now
you will die; pretty soon you will not be able to breathe any more; you will be dead and buried
before to-morrow; your poor widow will no doubt feel badly, but probably she will find another
quite as good as you." We had always realized the possibility of such misinterpretations, but,
so far as we know, this was the only time that our interpreter ever played us false.

On our return from measuring the women, we found that Ramon had made no progress. The three
subjects, whom we had selected and left in his charge, under strenuous orders, had taken fright
at Juan's experience and fled. We lost two hours in hunting them and bringing them in; and
we should not have succeeded then, had it not been for Juan's assistance. He seemed to feel
that, having undergone the operation, it might ease his position, and decrease possible danger,
if he had companions in misery. Finally, at 4:30, long after the hour we had set, we left for
Tumbala. We secured six cargadors--one each for the four moulds, one for the instruments, and
one for the remaining plaster,--as our pack-animals had long since passed. Five of them were
left to follow at their leisure, on condition that they reach Tumbala early the next morning,
but the sixth, a wee old man, who had helped us woman-hunting, went with us, by his own request,
to carry the instruments. He was so small that we did not believe he could carry the burden,
but he made no sort of trouble about it, trotting along most happily. We had been told that
the road was pura subida--pure ascent--and so we found it. We were soon in the tropical forest
of the Chinantla, and the land of the Mixes, with begonias, tree-ferns, bromelias, and orchids.
Here and there, were bad bits of road, deep mud, slippery stones, irregular limestone masses.
It was dark before we reached Tumbala, and although there was a moon, the mists were so dense
that it did little good. Arriving at 6:45, we found the town a wretched place, with a worthless
and nerveless agente. This was once the largest of the Chol towns, and we had thought to do
the bulk of our work there. It is fortunate, indeed, that we stopped at Hidalgo, because Tumbala
is now completely ruined by the contract-labor system, which has sent its men all through the
country onto fincas.
