He was Juan, the first alcalde of the village and was an Indian.  Our operation was carefully explained to our subjects, describing in detail the sensations and emotions connected and hoped that they were thorough.  Juan began with good courage, but we wanted to encourage him and so told a young fellow sitting nearby, who could comprehend Spanish some encouraging words which we said to him.  But we were surprised to see our subjects’ confidence turn to terror even as the translation was going on.  While we attempted the first mould, he started sobbing, crying like a child; but as we proceeded to make the face mould he showed extreme terror and sorrow, tears flowing from his eyes, sobbing, crying aloud and we heard his heart beat pounding against his chest.  While our matter was not taken so hard by any subject, the cause of all this trouble came to our knowledge.  Since our interpreter had been a joker, he had said discouraging remarks such as , "Now you’ll die; you’ll not be able to breathe any more and be dead and buried by to-morrow; your poor widow will no doubt feel badly, but probably she will find another partner" while actually we were saying encouraging words.  There was always this possibility of such misinterpretations, but this was the time we were played false by our interpreter.

We found there was no progress made by Raman, after returning from measuring the women.  Three subjects had fled after looking at Juan’s experience and we spent two hours hunting and bringing them back, with Juan’s help.  Having some previous experience in the operation, he had a feeling that it might be helpful to have companions in misery.  At last we left for Tumbala, with six cargadors, for the moulds, instruments and for the remaining plaster, since we had no pack-animals at 4.30.  Five were to reach Tumbala early the next morning, and the sixth, a tiny old man, came along with us, who had already helped us in hunting the women for carrying the instruments.  He carried the burden happily in spite of being so small to our wonder, along the road which was purely uphill.  We soon came across the tropical forest of the Chinantla and the land of the Mixes, with begonias, tree-ferns, bromelias, and orchids, which had bits of roads, with deep pits, slippery stones and irregular masses of limestone.  Since we reached Tumbala after dark, it was no good since the mists were dense, though the moon was there.  we found the once largest of the Chol towns with a worthless and nerveless agente at 6.45, where we planned to finish maximum of our works.  But fortunately we stopped at Hidalgo, since the contract labor system had completely ruined Tumabla, which has sent its men to fincas.
