I turned around quickly, and there was a tall man in state apparel with a broad bondolier of silk and gold crossing his breast from his shoulder to his hip, a staff in his hand, gilded at the top, and a huge Roman nose. He came up to me swelling like a ruled-up turkey-cock, and asked me what I wanted. I was entirely shock and confused which unabled to speak a word. Several servants passed up and down the satircase but said nothing and looked at me suspiciously.Then a lady's maid came up to me and said that I was a charming young guy and that her mistress had sent to ask me if I did not want a place as gardener's boy. When i put my hands in my pocket my few coins were gone. They must have been jerked out by my shuffing on the foot-board behind the carrisge.I had nothing left to depend upon without my saved skill with the fiddle, for which the guy with the stuff, as he informed me in passing, would not give a farthing. Therefore, in my distress, I said "yes" to the maid, keeping my eyes fixed while the poftentous figure pacing the hall to and fro like the pendullun of a clock in a church-tower, appearing from the background with imposing and with punctuality. Finally, a gardener came and muttered something about boors and vagabonds and led me off to the garden; preaching me a long sermon on the way about my diligent and industrious and never loitering about the world any more and how to give up my idle and foolish ways which might do me good in the end. There was a great deal of exhortation in this strain,good and useful but I nearly forget them all. Actually, i hardly know how it all came about; i kept saying "yes" to everything and felt like a bird with its wings clipped. But thank God, I earned my living in the end!

I found life delightful in that garded. I had a hot and plenty of dinner everyday and more than i need for my glass of wine,but unfortunately, I had lot to do. The pavilions, arbors, long green walks delighted me, if only I could talk pleasantly like the gentlemen and the ladies who came there everyday. I was alone whenever the gardener was away and took out my short tobacco-pipe and think of all the beautiful and polite things with which I could have entertained that lovely young lady who had brought me to the castle. Have I been a cavalier walking beside her .Or on sultry afternoons I lay on the grass, when all was so quiet and gazed up at the clouds sailing away toward my native village with the waving grass and flowers around me and think of the lovely lady and sometimes think that saw her in the distance walking in the garden with her guitar or a book, tall and beautiful as an angel, and I was only half conscious whether I were awake or dreaming. 

Thus,once as I was passing a summer-house on my way to work, I was singing to myself-- 

"I gaze around me, going By forest, dale, and lea, O'er heights where streams are flowing, My every thought bestowing, Ah, Lady fair, on thee!"-- 

When, through the half-opened lattice of the cool, dark summer-house buried amid flowers, I saw the sparkle of a pair of beautiful and youthful eyes. I was so shocked that I could not finish my song, but passed on to my work without looking around.
