DELIGHTED GARDENER

     I was wandering so long and at last came to a Roman castle and there I was turned aback on seeing a well built gentle man, standing, wearing Roman Royal costume with several gold and silk blended threads through his shoulder and hip with a gold glit top cover on the staff.  He was extraordinarily staut and physically strong with a Roman nose.  On seeing me he enquired  regarding the purpose of my entry.  To my astonishment I was spell bound.   When I was looking around I could see lot of servants passing up and down the staircase just raising their eyebrows and looking at me curiousoly, but asked nothing.

      While I was standing there in such an amusement a mermaid apeared and approched me and asked whether I required a job of a Gardener. Quickly,I put my hand into my pocket in search of a few coins which I had, but felt sad as I could not find it there.  Then I could reconcile that the money would have gone While I was travelling in the carriage by its jerk. Recognizing the presence of the maid and her enquiry, I sad,"Yes" and agreed to under take the job of a Gardener.   After sometime a Gardener came uttering about good people and wanderers and gave me a lecture on being a good worker and not to wander in the world anymore aimlessly as a fool.  The final advice was that I should turn up to be a good gentlman in the end.  I was nodding and saying o.k. to what ever he said and forgot all he said in the end.   It was a surprise to me as how these things happened and felt like a bird whose wings are clipped.   However, I was happy and so I was enjoying my livelyhood with my earnings.

        I was very much delighted in my job as a Gardener.  I earned enough and more money to have good food and of course a glass of wine, though I had to work hard.  The enchanting views of the pavillion and arbors in the garden and the people talking and moving around, fascinated me very much and wished to enjoy the same like them.   When the chief Gardener was out of station, I used to have a smoke with my small tobacco-pipe,lying down on the grass, looking at the sky with dreamful lovely pleasent thoughts about the lady by whom he was guided to the castle.  The passing show of the clouds and the audio sound of the flies around was really a wonderful sweet atmosphere which used to carry me back to my village.  The lady who sometimes used to appear by walking with a Guitar or a book at distance, visible through the tall grass around, was a heart filling sweet sight and would suspect whether it was a dream or reality or not. 

       One day It so happened that, while I was going to my working place, by singing to myself -

"I gaze around me, going by forest, dale and lea, O'er heights where streams are flowing, My every thought bestowing, Ah, Lady fair, on thee!"--

        I was stunned to see two little glittering eyes of a beautiful young lady, fixed on me through the semi-opened grills camoflaged with variety of flowers in the garden.  I was spell bound and slowly walked away by looking at something away.
