Chetham.

Popular Northamptonshire Lore (vol. VII. P. 146 .).-- In Norfolk, a ring of nine pence given freely by individuals of the opposite sex regarded as a charm against epilepsy. I saw nine pence led to a silversmith, with request that he will become a ring, but 13 ½ d. not offered to do, nor do I believe that any threehalfpences collected for payment. After the patient had left the shop, jeweler informed me that such requests were common, and that they gave patients with thick silver rings, but never bothered to produce from six pence.

A similar superstition presupposes that the sole of the left shoe of a person of the same age but opposite sex to the patient, reduced to ashes a fire cure for San Antonio. I've seen it used successfully, but what its effect because of some astringent principle in the ashes.

E. G. R.

* * * * *

Shakespeare's correspondence.

"The Runaways" is an obvious absurdity, the word editors recently "accidentally" a rough change, but has a shaky sense seems almost as absurd as the word that it supplies. In this dilemma, your correspondent MR. SINGER ingeniously suggests reading be correct, -

"The rumors eyes may wink and Romeo Leap to these arms, untalk'd and unseen."

It is certainly an amendment happy but I think it can be fairly argued that a rumor is working on what he hears, instead of an observer reports what he sees is a lack of adaptation are the eyes talking about rumors. Anyway I suggest a second reading, which has the advantage of having spontaneously occurred to me to see the word "refugee" in the document of his interlocutor, which is clearly suggested by a combination of letters of the word. Suggest that the crossing should read as follows:

"Open the curtains close, effective love at night, you can open and close the day gross in the eyes, and Romeo Leap to these arms, untalk'd and unseen. "

A later reference to the speech of Romeo and Juliet, left no doubt in my mind that this is the true reading, and of course so it is a wonder that should have been overlooked. First calls the "burn-legged horse" to "the cloudy night," so the night to close their curtains (today's eyes can open and close) that darkness can come from which can be accelerated with Romeo it. Note also that since this epithet of civilians through its ordinary meaning, brought in connection with this, so it is through his unusual sense of the tomb, located around the following is the provision of ambiguity of the feelings which our great dramatist is so happy, rarely lose an opportunity to "paltering with us in a double sense."

So I think that I venture to offer the proposed amendment so tight that it meets all requirements of the text, but also requires very little disturbance literal reading age, as the simple exchange of letters NAW in the DED, become ' away "a" bad day "because it was a misprint easy.

Have you offered an amendment to the mine, I can not lose the opportunity to send (217) the second, I am indebted to a critical student of Shakespeare. My friend, Mr. WR Grove, Queen's Counsel
