In Norfolk, if a ring made of nine sixpences is freely given from a person of one sex to a person of the other sex, this ring is considered to be an anti-epilepsy charm.  Occasionally, I see nine sixpences brought to silversmiths in order to be made into rings, but thirteen and a half d are not usually tendered to the silversmiths and it seems that no threehalfpences are collected as payment.  One silversmith I talked to said that this often happens and he often makes thick silver rings.  He said that he never takes the trouble to make them from sixpences.

I have also heard that a sole of a left shoe, from a person of same age, but opposite sex, to another person that is burned, cures St. Anthony's fire.  I have seen this work, but I imagine it works because of some astringent property of the ash.

*****

The recent editors have replaced "runaways" with "unawares", due to the absurdity of the word "runaways".  It seems to me that "unawares" is just as absurd though.  A certain Mr. Singer supposes that the real reading is this -- 

"That rumourers' eyes may wink, and Romeo Leap to these arms, untalk'd of and unseen."

Certainly an improvement as observers report what they see and rumourers report what they hear.  However, with this being said, "rumourer's eyes" seems inappropriate.  It just so happens that I have come up with a new reading of the passage, inspired by the combination of the letters in "runaways".  That new reading is this --

"Spread thy close curtain, love-performing Night.  That rude day's eyes may wink, and Romeo Leap to these arms, untalk'd of and unseen."

Juliet makes a reference in an earlier speech that makes it clear.  It seems odd to me that it was overlooked.  She asks the "fiery-footed steeds" to bring in "cloudy night".  Then she asks night to close the curtain so that day's eyes may wink and that darkness come, so that Romeo can get to her safely.  Note, too, that this epithet civil, when taken into account with the preceding connections, is most certainly a time of "paltering with us in a double sense."

I believe that these corrections, naw into ded and "runaways" into "rude day's", are simple and necessary that probably resulted from a misprint.
