CHETHAM.

Northamptonshire Folk Lore (Vol. vii., p. 146.).--In Norfolk, a ring made from nine sixpences
freely given by persons of the opposite sex is considered a charm against epilepsy. I have
seen nine sixpences brought to a silversmith, with a request that he would make them into a
ring; but 13½d. was not tendered to him for making, nor do I think that any threehalfpences
are collected for payment. After the patient had left the shop, the silversmith informed me
that such requests were of frequent occurrence, and that he supplied the patients with thick
silver rings, but never took the trouble to manufacture them from the sixpences.

A similar superstition supposes that the sole of the left shoe of a person of the same age,
but opposite sex, to the patient, reduced to ashes is a cure for St. Anthony's fire. I have
seen it applied with success, but suppose its efficacy is due to some astringent principle
in the ashes.

E. G. R.

       *       *       *       *       *

SHAKSPEARE CORRESPONDENCE.

"Runaways'" being a manifest absurdity, the recent editors have substituted "unawares," an
uncouth alteration, which, though it has a glimmering of sense, appears to me almost as absurd
as the word it supplies. In this dilemma your correspondent MR. SINGER ingeniously suggests
the true reading to be,--

 "That rumourers' eyes may wink, and Romeo
  Leap to these arms, untalk'd of and unseen."

No doubt this is a felicitous emendation, though I think it may be fairly objected that a rumourer,
being one who deals in what he hears, as opposed to an observer, who reports what he sees,
there is a certain inappropriateness in speaking of a rumourer's eyes. Be this as it may, I
beg to suggest another reading, which has the merit of having spontaneously occurred to me
on seeing the word "runaways'" in your correspondent's paper, as if obviously suggested by
the combination of letters in that word. I propose that the passage should be read thus:

 "Spread thy close curtain, love-performing Night,
  That rude day's eyes may wink, and Romeo
  Leap to these arms, untalk'd of and unseen."

A subsequent reference to Juliet's speech has left no doubt in my mind that this is the true
reading, and so obviously so, as to make it a wonder that it should have been overlooked. She
first asks the "fiery-footed steeds" to bring in "cloudy night," then night to close her curtain
(that day's eyes may wink), that darkness may come, under cover of which Romeo may hasten to
her. It is to be remarked, moreover, that as this epithet civil is, through its ordinary signification,
brought into connexion with what precedes it, so is it, through its unusual meaning of grave,
brought into connexion with what follows, it thus furnishing that equivocation of sense of
which our great dramatist is so fond, rarely missing an opportunity of "paltering with us in
a double sense."

I think, therefore, I may venture to offer you the proposed emendation as rigorously fulfilling
all the requirements of the text, while at the same time it necessitates a very trifling literal
disturbance of the old reading, since by the simple change of the letters naw into ded, we
convert "runaways'" into "rude day's," of which it was a very easy misprint.

Having offered you an emendation of my own, I cannot miss the opportunity of sending you {217}
another, for which I am indebted to a critical student of Shakspeare, my friend Mr. W. R. Grove,
the Queen's Counsel.
