In introducing the ball care must be taken
to avoid having the hand cut or crushed. After a little experience it is possible to do away
with the block of wood.

BY THE STOMACH.--Medicines are introduced directly into the first stomach by the use of an
esophageal tube or through the cannula of a trocar passed into the paunch through the side.
This method is used in the treatment of diseases of digestion.

BY THE RECTUM.--Medicines are usually administered by the rectum for the purpose of controlling
the bowels and for the treatment of local diseases. Sometimes, however, medicines that have
a general effect are given in this way when, for any reason, it is not possible or convenient
to give them through the mouth. Only drugs that are readily absorbed should be given per rectum
for a general effect and in somewhat larger dose or more frequently than when given by the
mouth. Such stimulants as ether, alcohol, or the aromatic spirits of ammonia, diluted with
from four to six times their bulk of warm water, may be used in this way.

Rectal injections, or enemata, are used in the treatment of constipation. If it is the purpose
of the injection to soften hardened fecal masses, the water should be comfortably warm and
may have a little clean soap in it. If it is the purpose of the injection to stimulate sluggish
bowels to contraction, the water may be cold.

In giving rectal injections a rectal syringe may be used, or, better, a piece of one-half to
three-quarter inch rubber hose 5 feet long with a tin funnel attached to one end. The hose
is soaped or oiled and introduced slowly and gently into the rectum 2 or 3 feet. The fluid
is then slowly poured into the funnel and allowed to gravitate into the rectum. The same apparatus
may be used for feeding by the rectum.

BY THE VAGINA.--Medicines are inserted into the vagina, and through the vagina into the womb,
in a manner similar to that of rectal administration. Most of the medication made use of in
this way is for the local treatment of these organs. Following calving, during outbreaks of
abortion, and in an infectious disease of the vagina, such injections become necessary.

BY THE UDDER.--Injections into the udder are now regularly made in the treatment of parturient
paresis (milk fever). For this purpose a 1 per cent solution of iodid of potassium is commonly
employed, although some other solutions and oxygen gas are also used. In making this injection
so many precautions are necessary in relation to the sterilization of the apparatus and the
teats and skin that this work should be left to a skilled veterinarian. The introduction of
even a minute quantity of infectious dirt may cause the loss of the udder. For making this
injection one may use one of the prepared sets of apparatus or a milking tube and funnel connected
by a piece of small rubber hose. The apparatus should be boiled and kept wrapped in a clean
towel until needed. The udder and teats and the hands of the operator must be well disinfected,
and the solution must be freshly made with recently boiled water kept in a sterile bottle.
The udder should be emptied of milk before the injection is made. After all these precautions
have been observed the milking tube may be inserted and through it one-half pint of solution
introduced by gravity air pressure or by syringe. There is practically no danger in this mode
of treatment if it is properly carried out.

Injections into the udder are sometimes made in the treatment of garget, but so far with indifferent
success.
