in introducing the ball, always be careful.  Hands can be cut or crushed.  With practice, though, you can stop using the block of wood.

By The Stomach:

Using an esophageal tube, medicines may be direcly introduced to the first stomach.  It is also possible to go through the cannula of a trocar passed into the paunch through the side.  This technique is often used in cases where the animal has issues with digestion.

By The Rectum:

While most of the time, rectal applications are usually necessary due to a local condition (in the bowels or rectum itself), rectal insertion of suppositories can be used instead of oral treatments if there is a problem.  Only readily absorbed drugs should be given rectally when looking for global effects, and in larger doses.  More frequent doses also work.  Ether, Alcohol, or the aromatic spirits of ammonia, diluted by a factor of four to six times with warm water, are all effective rectally.

If constipation is an issue, rectal injections (enemata) can help soften hard feces.  The water should be fairly warm, and should have a little soap in it for cleanliness.  Cold water will make the bowels contract.  Use a rubber hose about half an inch wide and five feet long, with a funnel on one end.  Lubricate the end of the hose, then slowly insert two to three feet of it into the rectum.  Pour the liquid slowly into the funnel.

By the Udder:

In cases of parturient paresis (milk fever), the udder is often directly injected with a 1% solution of iodid of potassium.  Oxygen gas is another choice among many possible solutions.  Because of the great chance of infection from the injection, it is always recommended that this approach be applied only by licensed and skilled veterinarians.  It is very easy for a cow to lose an udder if it is done by amateurs.  To make the injection, one should use either a professionally prepared apparatus, or a milking tube and funnel connected by a pies of small rubber hose.  Be sure to boil whichever you use, and keep it wrapped to protect it from dirt.  The udder, teats, and the hands of the operator should be disinfected, and the solution made from recently boiled water.  Once the sterilized milking tube has been inserted, pour eight ounces of solution into the funnel.  When properly enacted, this method is extremely safe for the animal.

By the Vagina:

Medicine may be inserted into the vagina or the uterus.  There are no general reasons to use vaginal applications, but in cases of vaginal infection, spontaneous abortion, or after calving, you may have reason to do so.
