The trustees, at a meeting the following day, ordered that deeds be made for September 20, 1749, for all lots which were to be disposed. George William Fairfax retained his property until March 1750, when he sold everything to Willoughby Newton, Gent. for a little over 41 pounds. Newton then conveyed them to George Johnston on November 10, 1752 for a sum of 44 pounds.

Lot #58, which adjoined Col. Fairfax's properties on the west, was previously the property of Col. Champe. However, the lot was soon passed to Col. Fairfax, as evidenced by two references in the minutes of the trustees meeting.

It was ordered on May 30, 1763, "that Robert Adam, Gent., be overseer of the Main Street [now Fairfax] from the upper part of Mrs. Chews Lott to the lower part of her Lotts and that he make so much of the said Main Street dry and fitt for traveling for Waggon & foot people by the first of September Next or pay for his failure twenty Shillings to the Trustees for the use of the Town ... And that W^m Ramsay Gent. in like manner and under the same penalty put the said main street in order from the upper part of his own lott to the lower part thereof together with half the next street and that William Ramsay continue his district down to Col George Fairfaxes lott ... And that John Carlyle in like manner and under the same penalty put the main Street in order from the corner of Mr. Fairfaxes Lott to the lower corner of the said Fairfax's Lott and one half of the adjacent street."[92]

On December 16, 1766, the minutes reveal that the issue was resolved. "Whereas deeds were granted by William Ramsay and John Pagan two of the trustees of the town of Alexandria bearing date of the 28th day of March Anno Domini 1752 to the Hon Geo Wm Fairfax Esqr for two Lotts of Land in the said Town No. 56 & 57, on the motion of Geo Wm Fairfax Esqr it appears to us the above mentioned Trustees that No. 56 should have been included in Lott No. 57 as one lott liable to the Conditions of improvement by act of Assembly--and that he never having had a deed in his name or his fathers for Lott No 58 It is now ordered that one Deed of Conveyance be made out to the said Geo Wm Fairfax his Heirs and Assigns and that Mr. Wm Ramsay and Mr. John Carlyle be appointed and are hereby authorized to make good the said deed of Conveyance for these Lotts being improved agreeable to the Act of Assembly for constituting and erecting the said Town."[93]

That deed, which bears the date January 30, 1767, referenced that on March 1, 1753, lots numbers 56 and 57 were transfered to George William Fairfax, Esq. Also according to this deed, since lot 56 was only a smaller portion of a larger lot, it should be holden as parcel of lot 57, and the purchaser should hold the same lot without being compelled to make any improvements on the lot other than what was required, by law, to be made on the lot as a whole.

Fairfax, due to the prospect of inheritances of land and titles, was contemplating moving to England in 1771. He turned to Robert Adam, a successful businessman, for help in selling and disposing of his Alexandria properties. Court records from this time show that Fairfax and Sarah, his wife, sold lots 56 and 57 to Adam on November 25, 1771 and included all "Houses, buildings, orchards, ways, waters, [and] water courses" for 350 pounds' equivalence to Virginian currency. This transaction was signed and witnessed by George Washington, Anthony Ramsay, and James Adam. It is interesting to note that Washington's diary entry for that day was "went a hunting in the morning with Jacky Custis."
