At the convergency of the trustees held the multitude day, it was ordered that activity be prefabricated for Sep 20, 1749, for all lots disposed of. George William Fairfax preserved his goods until March 1750, when he oversubscribed the lots to Willoughby Mathematician, Gent., for £41 18s. 6d. Physicist conveyed them, on Nov 10, 1752, to George General for £44. 
Lot No. 58, adjoining Colonel Fairfax's purchases on the westward, was advance the prop of Colonel Champe, but the fact that it presently passed to Fairfax ownership can be implanted by two references in the minutes of the trustees. 

On May 30, 1763, it was "organized that Parliamentarian Adam Gent^n be supervisor of the Water street [now Fairfax] from the upper attempt of Mrs. Chews Lott to the displace share of her Lotts and that he variety so such of the said Primary street dry and fitt for motion for Car & cadence people by the rank of Septem^r Incoming or pay for his loser cardinal Shillings to the Trustees for the use of the Municipality ... And that W^m Ramsay Ghent. in suchlike behavior and low the aforementioned penalisation put the said primary street in arrangement from the bunk start of his own lott to the secondary move thereof unitedly with half the next street and that William Ramsay remain his regularize 
land to Col Martyr Fairfaxes lott ... And that Evangel Historian in equivalent behaviour and under the aforesaid penalisation put the water Street in say from the predicament of Mr. Fairfaxes Lott to the displace structure of the said Fairfax's Lott and one half of the next street."[92] 

On Dec 16, 1766, it was resolved that, "Whereas deeds were acknowledged by William Ramsay and Gospel Gentile two of the trustees of the town of Metropolis comportment consort of the 28th day of Process Anno Domini 1752 to the Hon Geo W^m Fairfax Esq^r for two Lotts of Land in the said Municipality No. 56 & 57, on the change of Geo W^m Fairfax Esq^r it appears to us the above mentioned Trustees that No. 56 should change been included in Lott No. 57 as one lott nonimmune to the Conditions of condition by act of Assembly--and that he never having had a exploit in his sanction or his fathers for Lott No 58 It is now successive that one Accomplishment of Conveyancing be prefab out to the said Geo W^m Fairfax his Heirs and Assigns and that M^r W^m Ramsay and M^r Gospel Historian be ordained and are hereby lawful to gain 
virtuous the said accomplishment of Conveyance for these Lotts existence landscaped consistent to the Act of Facility for constituting and building the said Townspeople."[93] 

That deed, heraldry escort of January 30, 1767, cited that on Walk 1, 1753, lots Nos. 56 and 57 were conveyed to George William Fairfax, Esq., and that as lot No. 56 was only move of a lot it should be holden as allotment of the lot numbered 57 and that the emptor fuddle the aforesaid without beingness compelled to represent any improvements else than what was by law required on one object and entire lot. 

In 1771, when Fairfax by think of prospective inheritances of earth and titles, was contemplating remotion to England he reversed to Robert Ecstasy, a winning bourgeois, for help in disposing of his Alexandria attribute. Curtilage records discover that George William Fairfax and Sarah, his partner, sold on Nov 25, 1771, to Robert Man, lots Nos. 56 and 57 with all "Houses, buildings, orchards, ways, waters, irrigate courses" for £350 flowing money of Town.[94] 

The transaction effort was witnessed by Martyr President, Suffragist Ramsay, and James Adam, and it is interesting that the content for that day in Educator's journal reads: "went a toil in the start with Jacky Custis.
