At the meeting of the trustees held the following day,
it was ordered that deeds be made for September 20, 1749, for all lots disposed of. George
William Fairfax retained his property until March 1750, when he sold the lots to Willoughby
Newton, Gent., for £41 18s. 6d. Newton conveyed them, on November 10, 1752, to George Johnston
for £44.

Lot No. 58, adjoining Colonel Fairfax's purchases on the west, was early the property of Colonel
Champe, but the fact that it soon passed to Fairfax ownership can be established by two references
in the minutes of the trustees.

On May 30, 1763, it was "ordered that Robert Adam Gent^n be overseer of the Main street [now
Fairfax] from the upper part of Mrs. Chews Lott to the lower part of her Lotts and that he
make so much of the said Main street dry and fitt for traveling for Waggon & foot people by
the first of Septem^r Next or pay for his failure twenty Shillings to the Trustees for the
use of the Town ... And that W^m Ramsay Gent. in like manner and under the same penalty put
the said main street in order from the upper part of his own lott to the lower part thereof
together with half the next street and that William Ramsay continue his district down to Col
George Fairfaxes lott ... And that John Carlyle in like manner and under the same penalty put
the main Street in order from the corner of Mr. Fairfaxes Lott to the lower corner of the said
Fairfax's Lott and one half of the adjacent street."[92]

On December 16, 1766, it was resolved that, "Whereas deeds were granted by William Ramsay and
John Pagan two of the trustees of the town of Alexandria bearing date of the 28th day of March
Anno Domini 1752 to the Hon Geo W^m Fairfax Esq^r for two Lotts of Land in the said Town No.
56 & 57, on the motion of Geo W^m Fairfax Esq^r it appears to us the above mentioned Trustees
that No. 56 should have been included in Lott No. 57 as one lott liable to the Conditions of
improvement by act of Assembly--and that he never having had a deed in his name or his fathers
for Lott No 58 It is now ordered that one Deed of Conveyance be made out to the said Geo W^m
Fairfax his Heirs and Assigns and that M^r W^m Ramsay and M^r John Carlyle be appointed and
are hereby authorized to make good the said deed of Conveyance for these Lotts being improved
agreeable to the Act of Assembly for constituting and erecting the said Town."[93]

That deed, bearing date of January 30, 1767, cited that on March 1, 1753, lots Nos. 56 and
57 were conveyed to George William Fairfax, Esq., and that as lot No. 56 was only part of a
lot it should be holden as parcel of the lot numbered 57 and that the purchaser hold the same
without being compelled to make any improvements other than what was by law required on one
whole and entire lot.

In 1771, when Fairfax by reason of prospective inheritances of land and titles, was contemplating
removal to England he turned to Robert Adam, a successful businessman, for assistance in disposing
of his Alexandria property. Court records reveal that George William Fairfax and Sarah, his
wife, sold on November 25, 1771, to Robert Adam, lots Nos. 56 and 57 with all "Houses, buildings,
orchards, ways, waters, water courses" for £350 current money of Virginia.[94]

The transaction deed was witnessed by George Washington, Anthony Ramsay, and James Adam, and
it is interesting that the entry for that day in Washington's diary reads: "went a hunting
in the morning with Jacky Custis.
