The pen or mouth can hardly express the number and magnitude of injuries and injustices suffered by the inhabitants of this coast from 1510 to the present. I will only tell a few of the wicked and savage acts of the highest kind, which show all of the other crimes that deserve the worst punishments, and clear a path for the needed punishment of these.

In the year 1510, a nameless pirate and his crew of around 65 came to Trinity Island. This island is greater than that of Sicile in virility and size, and is in the same continent on the side that touches Paria. It's inhabitants, by their own admonition, are more fair and just than those on their same continent. These other continentals, Indians, brought a decree that the inhabitants of Trinity Island should come live with them. They recieved a warm and suave reception from the Indian rulers and subjects, and were served with stylish flair. They were given all of their day to day needs with so much excess that they could have supported even more islanders, because it is the tradition among these New World Indians to give their guest Spaniards a bounty of their necessities. Shortly thereafter, the Spaniards built a large house, capable of housing the Indians, to allow them to complete their original intentions. When the Indians had started to thatch it and achieved a height of 12 feet, the Spaniards trapped them there. They claimed it would speed the work, but in truth it was meant to alientate them to those outside. Part of the Spaniards surrounded the house, swords drawn, and the others entered. They bound the Indians and threatened them with death if they moved. If any Indian tried to escape, he was chopped to pieces. However, some Indians, both injured and not, managed to escape with others who were not in the house. About three hundred of these Indians went to another house, armed with bow and arrow, and entered. After they entered the house, the Spaniards locked all the doors and threw fire into the house, and the Indians in the house all perished. From there, the Spaniards set sail to St John island with 180 slaves they had taken. They sold half of these slaves, then returned to Hispaniola where they disposed of the other half. When I accused this captain of evilness and vicious actions after the arrival in St John island, he told me this: Calm down, sir. I was given these instructions by the people who sent me here, that I should overtake them under the pretense of Peace, and I could not take them through force alone. This captain also himself told me that while he was in Trinity Island he had met with a Priest and a nun in the most common usage. He told of his confusion and confessed his sins to these two. At one time, the Monks of St Dominic had held a meeting about sending one of their brothers to the island, so that their preaching could lead the Indians to their Christian faith and tell them how to be saved, which the Indians did not know of. They decided to send a religious theologist, also known as a Doctor in Divinity, to the island. This man was famous for his holiness and virtues, accompanied by an associate, to visit the country, talk to the Indians, and determine the best placement for future monastaries.
