I cry out loud. I'm not a charlatan, and no one thinks I deserve to live. Argh, what does it matter!" 
Parpon didn’t respond immediately. Finally, lowering his chin in his hand and his elbow on his knee, he kneeled on the desk, he said: 
"But if the women apologized--" 
For a moment there was silence, except for the crackling of the fire in the hearth and the heavy breathing of the ill gentlemen. His eyes were gazing intently at Parpon. At last he said, bit by bit and ferociously: 
"What do you know?" 
"What others might know if they had sight and a right mind; but they don't. What would you achieve if that Junie came back?" 
"I would murder her." His look was homicidal. 
"Blah, you would kiss her first, just the same!" 
"What are you saying? That I would kiss her because--because there is nothing in the world like her face; and I'd kill her for her terrible heart." 
"What did she do?" Pomfrette asked, his hands clenched. 
"That is for me to know, and not for anyone else to find out," he answered sadly. 
"There is no reason to keep these things to yourself! What did she do? Who knows? What you think she did is this. You think she acts like she loves you, and you entrust all your wealth to her. She is to buy masses for your father's spirit; she is to compensate money to the Cure for the good of the Church; she is to buy a little here, a little there, for the domicile you and she are going to live in, the nuptials and the dancing over. Very well. Ah, my Pomfrette, how do you think it will end?Do you think she will run away with Dicey the Protestant, and take your earning with her. Eh, do you think that’s what will happen?" 
There came a sob in reply, and then a horrible rupture of lament and rage and fanatical denunciations--against Junie Gauloir, against Pontiac, against the universe. 
Parpon remained silent. 
Days, weeks, and months followed; and the months extended to three years. 
Through those periods, Pomfrette traveled through Pontiac, shunned and impenitent. His hushed, depressing fortitude was almost an insult to Pontiac; and if the elders, the Cure, the Avocat, the Little Chemist, and Medallion, were more apologetic than insulted, they stood detached until the man should in some manner redeem himself, and ask forgiveness of his unpleasant mistakes. But one person continued to defy the Church and people, Cure and voyageur. Parpon openly and boldly walked with Pomfrette, conversed with him, and frequently visited his home. 
Luc made difficult decisions to live. He produced everything that he consumed; vegetables and grains. Parpon showed him how to produce his own flour in ancient fashion, for no miller in any rural community in the area would sell him flour, and he had no currency to purchase it, nor would anyone who had knowledge of him would give him employment. And after his homecoming to Pontiac he never asked for it. His disposition was disobedient, morose, severe. His wood he harvested  hailed from a place known as No-Man's Land. His textiles he made himself out of the skins of deer that he inoculation; when he ran out of ammunition, he defeated the deer with bow and arrow. 
III 
The end finally came to a close. Luc had become ill. For four days, with no one else, he lay ablaze with fever and irritation, and when Parpon found him he was almost lifeless. Then began the struggle for existence again, in which Parpon was the only general practitioner; for Pomfrette would not allow the Little Chemist or a physician near him. Parpon at last extinguished hope; but one evening, when he returned from the township, he saw, to his delight, old Mme. Degardy ("Crazy Joan" as she was often referred to ) kneeling by Pomfrette's bedside. He did not agitate her, for she had no desire for him, and he waited till she had departed.
