Melt a lump of butter about the size of a tangerine, and squeeze the juice from half a lemon on it. A good way to get more juice from the lemon is to boil the lemon for about five minutes. Put a pound of small mushrooms into the melted butter, and then stir them constantly to keep them from burning. In three or four minutes, put the saucepan further on the fire and let it boil for a few minutes. Remove and drain the mushrooms and sprinkle them with flour. Moisten the mushrooms with gravy and season to taste before putting them back in the butter to stir in the yolk of one egg along with the remaining lemon juice. At the same time, have someone cut, butter and toast some bread. Pour the mushrooms on the bread, and serve hot.

POMMES CHATEAU

Preheat the oven to a very hot temperature, and cut twenty potatoes into an olive shape. Boil the potatoes in salted water for five minutes. Drain the potatoes and put them in a baking disk with salt and butter. Put the baking dish in the preheated over for about thirty mintues, while turning occassionally. Garnish with chopped parsley, and serve hot.

CHIPPED POTATOES

Peel some long-shaped potatoes, and cut them into thin rounds.

Heat the grease while drying the slices of potato with a cloth. Put the potatoes into the frying basket, and lower them into your heated grease. Remove potatoes when they are a golden-brown color, and let the grease heat to a slightly higher temperature than you bagin with. Place the potatoes back into the grease until they become crispy. Sprinkle with salt, and serve.

CHICORY A LA FERDINAND

Boil some cream, and add chopped up chicory, and some chives. Add salt and peper, and pour into a dish. Decorate with chopped hard-boiled eggs.

APPLES AND SAUSAGES

Originating from Belgium, this dish suprises a lot of people. Fry a pound of beef sausage in butter. Keep the sausages hot after frying them, then pare and core a pound of brown pippin apples. Cut them into quarter inch thick rounds, and cook them in the grease from the sausages. Add butter to the sausage grease and apples to moisten the mixture. Simmer gently so that they do not loose their shape. Place the apples in the middle of a dish, and surround with sausages.

STUFFED CHICORY

Start cooking the chicory by using thread to tie them in order to keep them firm. Boil the chicory for about ten minutes, then drain them well. Use a mince of any cold white meat (including veal, pork, or chicken), and add it to some minced ham. Use a thick white sauce to sprinkle the mixture. Split the chicory lengthwise very carefully, and put a spoonful of the mince inside. Close the chicory while keeping the leaves neat, and re-tie them if necessary.
