
Melt in a pan a lump of butter the size of a tangerine orange and squeeze on it the juice of
half a lemon. The way to get a great deal of juice from a lemon is to plunge it first of all
for a few minutes, say five minutes, in boiling water. When the butter simmers, throw in a
pound of picked small mushrooms, stir them constantly, do not let them get black. Then in three
or four minutes they are well impregnated with butter, and the chief difficulty of the dish
is over. Put the saucepan further on the fire, let it boil for a few minutes. Take out the
mushrooms, drain them, sprinkle them with flour, moisten them with gravy, season with salt
and pepper, put them back in the butter and stir in the yolk of an egg. Add also a little of
the lemon juice that remains. While you are doing this you must get another person to cut and
toast some bread and to butter it. Pour on to the bread the mushrooms (which are fit for the
greatest saints to eat on Fridays), and serve them very hot.

POMMES CHATEAU

Take twenty potatoes, turn them with a knife into olive shape, boil them in salted water for
five minutes; drain them and put them on a baking-tin with salt and butter or dripping. Cook
them in a very hot oven for thirty minutes, moving them about from time to time. Sprinkle on
a little chopped parsley before serving.

CHIPPED POTATOES

Take some long-shaped potatoes, peel them and smooth them with the knife. Cut them into very
thin rounds.

Heat the grease pretty hot, dry the slices of potato with a cloth, put them into the frying
basket and plunge them into the fat. When they are colored, take the basket out, let the fat
heat up again to a slightly higher temperature, and re-plunge the basket, so that the slices
become quite crisp. Serve with coarse salt sprinkled over.

CHICORY A LA FERDINAND

Boil and chop in medium-sized pieces the chicory, mince up a few chives according to your taste
and heat both the vegetables in some cream, adding salt and pepper. Pour on a dish and decorate
with chopped hard- boiled eggs.

APPLES AND SAUSAGES

This dish comes from the French border of Belgium; it tastes better than you would think. Take
a pound of beef sausages, and preferably use the small chipolata sausages. (What a delightful
thing if the English would make other kinds of sausages as well as their beef and pork ones!)
Fry then your sausages lightly in butter, look upon them as little beings for a few moments
in purgatory before they are removed to heaven, among the apples. Keeping your sausages hot
after they are fried, take a pound of brown pippin apples, pare them and core them. Cut them
into neat rounds quarter of an inch thick, put them to cook in their liquor of the sausages
(which you are keeping hot elsewhere), and add butter to moisten them. Let them simmer gently
so as to keep their shape. Put the apple- rings in the center of the dish, place the sausages
round them. This dish uses a good deal of butter, but you must not use anything else for frying.

STUFFED CHICORY

Make a mince of any cold white meat, such as veal, pork or chicken, and add to it some minced
ham; sprinkle it with a thick white sauce. In the meantime the chicories should be cooking;
tie each one round with a thread to keep them firm and boil them for ten minutes. When cooked,
drain them well, open them lengthwise very carefully, and slip in a spoonful of the mince.
Close them, keeping the leaves very neat, and, if necessary, tie them round again.
