He looked extremely thin in a dearth of news, and never enjoyed himself in a westerly
wind. This indefatigable kind of life was the ruin of his shop; for about the time that his
favourite prince left the crown of Poland, he broke and disappeared.

This man and his affairs had been long out of my mind, till about three days ago, as I was
walking in St. James's Park, I heard somebody at a distance hemming after me: and who should
it be but my old neighbour the upholsterer! I saw he was reduced to extreme poverty, by certain
shabby superfluities in his dress: for notwithstanding that it was a very sultry day for the
time of the year, he wore a loose great-coat and a muff, with a long campaign-wig out of curl;
to which he had added the ornament of a pair of black garters buckled under the knee. Upon
his coming up to me, I was going to inquire into his present circumstances; but was prevented
by his asking me, with a whisper, whether the last letters brought any accounts that one might
rely upon from Bender? I told him, none that I heard of; and asked him, whether he had yet
married his eldest daughter? He told me, No. "But pray," says he, "tell me sincerely, what
are your thoughts of the King of Sweden?" For though his wife and children were starving, I
found his chief concern at present was for this great monarch. I told him, that I looked upon
him as one of the first heroes of the age. "But pray," says he, "do you think there is anything
in the story of his wound?" And finding me surprised at the question, "Nay," says he, "I only
propose it to you." I answered, that I thought there was no reason to doubt of it. "But why
in the heel," says he, "more than in any other part of the body?" "Because," says I, "the bullet
chanced to light there."

This extraordinary dialogue was no sooner ended, but he began to launch out into a long dissertation
upon the affairs of the North; and after having spent some time on them, he told me, he was
in a great perplexity how to reconcile the Supplement with the English Post, and had been just
now examining what the other papers say upon the same subject. "The Daily Courant," says he,
"has these words, 'We have advices from very good hands, that a certain prince has some matters
of great importance under consideration.' This is very mysterious; but the Postboy leaves us
more in the dark, for he tells us, that there are private intimations of measures taken by
a certain prince, which time will bring to light. Now the Postman," says he, "who used to be
very clear, refers to the same news in these words: 'The late conduct of a certain prince affords
great matter of speculation.' This certain prince," says the upholsterer, "whom they are all
so cautious of naming, I take to be"----. Upon which, though there was nobody near us, he whispered
something in my ear, which I did not hear, or think worth my while to make him repeat.

We were now got to the upper end of the Mall, where were three or four very odd fellows sitting
together upon the bench. These I found were all of them politicians, who used to sun themselves
in that place every day about dinner-time. Observing them to be curiosities in their kind,
and my friend's acquaintance, I sat down among them.

The chief politician of the bench was a great asserter of paradoxes. He told us, with a seeming
concern, that by some news he had lately read from Muscovy, it appeared to him that there was
a storm gathering in the Black Sea, which might in time do hurt to the naval forces of this
nation.
