The man looked very thin when there was no news, and did not like a westerly wind.  This tireless sort of life was to the detriment of his shop, because when his most favorite prince abandoned the throne of Poland, he disappeared.

The person I speak of was far from my mind until, while walking in the St. James's Park three days ago, I heard the sound of someone hemming after me.  It turned out that it was my former neighbor, the upholsterer.  I immediately observed from his clothing that he had become very poor: in spite of the warm weather, he was wearing a loose-fitting great-coat as well as a muff.  He also sported a campaign-wig and a couple of black garters buckled under his knee.  As he approached, I planned to ask how he was doing, but he prevented me from doing so by asking me, in a faint whisper, whether the last letters had revealed any reliable news about Bender.  I told him that they had not, and proceeded to ask him if his oldest daughter had married.  He responded that she ahd not.  He then inquired as to my thoughts of the King of Sweden.  Even though his family had nothing to eat, my impression was that this man's greatest concern at the moment was for the King.  I responded that I considered him a hero of our time.  He then made a surprising comment about doubting the story of his wound.  My response to this was that I could not see any reason to doubt the story.  He then said, "Why was the wound to the heel, rather than to any other part of the body?"  I replied, "Because that was where the bullet happened to land."

He next began a long speech about the affairs of the North, and after expounding for a while on this topic, informed me that he was confused as to how to reconcile the Supplement with the English Post.  He remarked that he had been comparing what the other papers had to say on the topic.  He quoted a section of the Daily Courant that said it had sources asserting that a certain prince is considering matters of great importance.  He thought this mysterious and went on to say that the Postboy gives even less information.  This paper apparently said that there are reports of measures the prince is taking, which have not yet come to light.  He finished his review by saying that the Postman's report said only that the activities of a certain prince lately are cause for speculation.  My former neighbor then drew near and whispered in my ear the name of the prince to whom he believed the papers were referring; I could not understand what he said and did not take the time to ask him to repeat it for me.

By now we had walked to the edge of the Mall, where we discovered several strange men sitting together on a bench.  I discovered that they were politicians, who were in the habit of sunning themselves on the bench every afternoon.  The apparently were known to my former neighbor, so I sat down with them.

The chief politician sitting in the group told us with concern that he had recently heard some news from Muscovy.  It was that a storm was gathering in the Black Sea, and that it might do harm to the country's navy in time.
