Regarding the misunderstanding and the commotion that prevailed under our Politics Class, a principal of another school made an untoward remark stating that we failed in concealing the fact on which side we support for. He also remarked that there should not be any divergence in the way of teaching politics and other school subjects. But we believe it. Rather, our view is quite different. As a matter-of-fact we would regard politics as a matter of utmost liking and significance for the boy and for the surroundings as well. It should not be in a way of changing principles one after the other with regards to the situation. We would like to have one who could stick himself firmly to the principles like his devotion to his pal.It should not be treated like an effortless school task.

At the same time we would like to clear out one important thing in this agenda. The thing is we did not tell that a master should keep away himself from all the rumors that prevails. Nor we did not tell that he should point out only what he intends to say. If we did so then that might be a great mockery. The best aspect that could prove him to be a real master is he should put up his own view of happenings to his followers and then ask them not to accept or undertake it without further inspection of it. This adds a trust to his deeds and makes him to be considered worthy in every point of the proceedings. Further, a propaganda arises because of the misunderstanding and the difference of opinions. It is not wise to include and correlate elements like knavery and dissembling.

It is not mere enough for a master to ask his followers to examine and rate his deeds.He should be able to spend more of his time in effectuating the principles like freedom of thoughts and opinions. The major fact that has to be considered is the importance of respect for individuals. If he did so then he would be able to avoid those issues that might place him in crucial situations in the future.

Liberal Education is worthless until the so far discussed general principles are considered as the fundamental of education. Also, we would like to differentiate the underlying differences between the propaganda of a simple bounteous and its results. The statements are given out by exerting the freedom of thoughts which on the other hand does not simply mean that this has to be accepted without any further deliberations. Our aim is to lead everything with a freedom of thought and action which might make even the most coward to a socially committed individual. That will create a powerful environment which can think on its own. There would be no words to explain the contrary if such policies were not followed.
