And if we had to apply ourselves, instead of the Classicks, the study of ballads and other Composure ingenious nature, in those periods of our lives, when we arriv'd to maturity of view, it is impossible Improvement say what can be done is to say in general, and the art of poetry including: And certainly our passions are describ'd them so natural, so alive, Though simple, the colors, how far it may fall the cunning and ornaments of the Romans in his writing, but can not stop pandering to all the readers who are not unqualify'd for entertainment for their involvement or ignorance. 
It was my good fortune for some time that the library of a School-Boy committed to my office, where, among other authors valuable undiscover'd, I pitch'd to Hickathrift Tom Tom Thumb and indeed the authors more appropriate to adorn the shelves Bodley or the Vatican, to be confin'd retirement and obscurity of a private study. I perus'd the first of these with infinite pleasure, and more than a regular application and have made some comments, which may not be, I hope, be unacceptable to the Publick, and yet may have been ridiculous 'd, and looked upon as an entertainment only for children, and those of younger years, you can find perhaps a performance not worthy of careful reading, and the model superiour to any of these poems incomparable Chevy Chase, or children in the forest. The design was, without doubt, to recommend virtue, and to show that, however anyone can work on the disadvantages of height or deformity, or the meanness of relationships, but if your mind and actions are above ordinary level, the disadvantages seem very depressed him, he adds a luster to his character. 

A variety of incidents, dispers'd Thro 'all the time series of this poem, which gives a great pleasure and surprise, and whose nature * * Virgilio wou'd touch'd to have had the history as told by namely that Divine Poet. his fall in the pudding-Bowl and others to show the courage and steadfastness, courage and greatness of soul of this young hero, in the midst of the greatest dangers that might befall him cou'd, and are the inevitable attendants human life. 

If orbis illabatur fractus, ruinæ Impavidum ferient. 

The author of this was undoubtedly a person of a universal genius, and if we consider that the age he wrote, should be an Age of Ignorance deeper, as evidenced by the second stanza of the first song, was a miracle of a man. 

I have consulted Monsieur Le Clerk, and my friend Dr. B - mind on the chronology of the author, who both assure me, Though it can not accurately resolve the matter, he is the oldest of our poets, and 'tis very likely was a druid, which, as mentioned in Julius Caesar's Commentaries, us'd to deliver its precepts in poetry and the Metro. The author of The Tale, believed to be a Pythagorean philosopher, and held the Metempsichosis and others who had read The Metamorphosis of Ovid, and was the first person I ever heard the philosopher's stone. An antique some of my knowledge, he is willing to forget everything that shou'd remember, I said, I can hardly believe it's true, but if it is, must have liv'd some time before the Wars Barons which test, as does the establishment of religion in this nation, on the credit of an ancient monument.
