His manly form was portrayed positively by his costume.  A calabash of sour milk was immediately presented by one of his wives.  Cakes of rice of pounded nuts of honey also appeared.  Africans are typically only granted two meals a day.  Mohammedans that are traditional declare that they will not intake intoxicating liquors; those that are less strict, however, cannot resist the temptations of alcohol, of which pagan negroes drink often.  Samba carries a bottle of liquor, immediately consuming its contents.

We then proceeded to the remainder of the premises.  Samba's six wives each had a separate hut.  The dwellings were similar to that of their master, but were typically quite smaller.  The doors were also very low, causing a large amount of difficulty open entering.  Openings to allow light, air, and people the ability to come and go always point towards the west (eastern winds bring blinding sand and tornados which may increase the vulnerability of the hut if openings were present on the other side).  Women populated the land with their best style.  A single cloth called a pang was fastened around their waists, hanging down to the ankles.  The bosom and shoulders also featured pangs.  Their hair was covered in ribbons, coral, beads, and pieces of gold.  Their barren legs had neat sandals on their feet.  Beautiful bracelets, armlets, necklaces, and anklets surrounded their bodies.  Coral, bamber, and fine glass-beads interspersed themselves with beads of gold and silver.  These items are the physical manefestation of their wealth and pride.  Some of the individuals claimed their own children, who were typically covered with only strings of beads around their waists, neck, wrists, and ankles.  Infants are carried in a pang upon the backs of the women.  The huts were lacking all but a few bowls and calabashes, cotton spinners, and the typical bed covered with mats.  The ladies were extremely curious about our skin and dress.  They procured questions about the ways of European females.  One wondered how a rich man could only do with one wife.  

One hut served as Samba's store, while two others were occupied by seperated male and female slaves.  The poor creatures only featured a cloth around their loins hanging to the knees.  As night fell, they lied upon a mat or skin, hovering around a fire lit within the hut.  Fire served as a method for clearing toxic insects and creating warmth in the crisp air.  Instead of furnature, working instruments populated the huts: hoes, rush-baskets, and calabashes.  A redoubtable paloon was also visible.  This large wooden mortar made by the Loubles.  They are considered to be roving gypsies who work in wood; they are also known as the coopers of Africa.  If they happen upon a ground furnished with a specific variety of tree, they immediately clear cut them.  The branches form huts, and the trunks are developed into bowls, canoes, pestles and morters, and other wooden utilities.
