
This work has to be done with great caution, and bit by bit, and is usually left to experienced
hands. The mode in which the mortar joints of a brick wall are finished where they show on
the external or internal face is a matter worth a moment's attention. It is important that
the joints of the work shall be so finished as to keep out wet and to be as durable as possible,
and it is desirable that they should improve, or at any rate not disfigure, the appearance
of the work.

The method which architects strongly advocate is that the joints shall be struck as the work
proceeds--that is, that very shortly after a brick is laid, and while the mortar is yet soft,
the bricklayer shall draw his trowel, or a tool made for the purpose, across it, to give it
a smooth and a sloping surface. This is best when the joint is what is called a weather joint--i.e.,
one in which the joint slopes outward. Sloping it inward is not good, as it lets in wet; finishing
it with a hollow on the face is often practiced, and is not bad. Bricklayers, however, most
of them prefer that the mortar joints should be raked out and pointed--that is to say, an inch
or an inch and a half of the mortar next the outer face be scratched out and replaced with
fresh mortar, and finished to a line.

In cases where the brickwork is exposed to frost, this proceeding cannot be avoided, because
the frost damages the external mortar of the joints. But the bricklayers prefer it at all seasons
of the year, partly because brickwork is more quickly done if joints are not struck at the
time; partly because they can, if they like, wash the whole surface of the work with ocher,
or other color, to improve the tint; and partly because, whether the washing is done or not,
it smartens up the appearance of the work. The misfortune is that this pointing, instead of
being the edge of the same mortar that goes right through, is only the edge of a narrow strip,
and does not hold on to the old undisturbed mortar, and so is far less sound, and far more
liable to decay. There is a system of improving the appearance of old, decayed work by raking
out and filling up the joint, and then making a narrow mortar joint in the middle of this filling
in, and projecting from the face. This is called tuck pointing. It is very specious, but it
is not sound work.

Brick arches are constantly being turned, and of many sorts. An arch consists of a series of
wedge shaped blocks, known as voussoirs, arranged in a curve, and so locking one another together
that unless the abutments from which the arch springs give way, it will not only carry itself,
but sustain a heavy load. It is a constant practice to cut bricks to this shape and build them
into an arch, and these are sometimes cut and rubbed; sometimes, when the work is rougher,
they are axed. But in order to save the labor of cutting, arches are sometimes turned with
the bricks left square, and the joints wedge shaped. In this case the rings should be only
half a brick each, so that the wedge need not be so very much wider at back than at face, and
they are set in cement, as that material adheres so closely and sets so hard. Arches of two
or more half-brick rings in cement are good construction, and are also used for culvert work.

A less satisfactory sort of arch is what is called the flat arch. Here, instead of being cambered
as it ought to be, the soffit is straight; but the brickwork being deep, there is room enough
for a true arch that does the work, and for useless material to hang from it.
