Making mortar joints in brick walls is very tedious work that requires caution, especially in determining where the joints show on the external or internal face.  The most difficult aspect of the job is that the joint must be water proof, durable and aesthetically pleasing and similar to the appearance of the overall work.  Architects recommend that joints be made very shortly after the brick is laid, while the mortar is soft.  They also recommend that bricklayers use their trowel to create a smooth, sloping surface -- especially when creating weather joints where the joint slopes outward.  Inward sloping is not good because it is not waterproof.

Sometimes bricklayers will finish the joint with a hollow on the face.  Most bricklayers, though, prefer to rake out mortar joints and then point them -- in other words, they scratch out an inch to an inch and a half of mortar.  After this they finish the joint with new mortar and "point" this mortar. This method is necessary where brickwork is exposed to frost.  Frost damages external mortar in joints.  Besides being necessary, raking and pointing joints allows bricklayers more options in the appearance of the work.  Unfortunately, this method of raking and pointing is not the most stable and is more likely to decay.  Tuck pointing -- raking out and filling up the joint and then making another mortar joint in the middle of this -- is not very stable either.

Voussoirs are brick arches that are able to carry heavy loads, if they are locked together and anchored properly to abutments.  These arches are always being made in different sizes and shapes, but they are always made from wedge shaped blocks.  Sometimes the bricks are cut and rubbed or axed to make proper voussoir arch bricks.  It is less work, though, to turn these arches with square bricks.  Using square bricks requires that the rings are only half a brick each and the wedge is much wider at back than at the face.  Then they are set in cement.  These constructions are strong and are used in culvert work.

Another type of arch is the flat arch.  It is not as good construction as a voussoir.  It is not cambered and the soffit is straight.  The brick work is deep and a real arch supports the load while useless material hangs from this arch.
