This work must be done cautiously and gradually, and usually left to experienced hands. The manner in which the mortar joints of a brick wall finished in showing on the outside or inside is an issue worthy of a moment's attention. It is important that the joints of the work must be completed to stay on wet and be as durable as possible, and desirable that they should improve, or at least not distort the appearance of the work. 

The method that architects strongly advocate that the seals will be removed as work progresses - that is, shortly after a brick is laid, and while the mortar is still soft, the mason prepare his palette, or a tool made for that purpose, through it, to give a smooth, sloped surface. This is the best when the delivery is what is called an articulation of time - that is, one in which all tracks outwards. Sloped inward is not good, because it allows wet, finishing with a hole in the side is often practiced, and is not bad. Builders, however, most of them prefer the mortar joints should be raked and pointed - that is, an inch or an inch and a half of mortar next to the outer face is deleted and replaced with fresh mortar, and finished to a line. 

In cases where the masonry exposed to frost, this procedure can not be avoided, because the frost external damage mortar joints. But the builders who prefer in all seasons, in part because it is masonry out faster if the joints are not beaten at the time, partly because they can, if you like, wash the entire surface of the work with ocher, or other color, to improve the tone, and partly because, if the washing is done or not, smartens until the appearance of the work. Unfortunately, he is pointing, instead of being at the edge of the mortar that goes right across, it is only a narrow edge, and not cling to the old mortar is not disturbed, and so is much less known, and more subject to deterioration. There is a system to improve the appearance of old work, marred by raking out and filling the joint, and then make a narrow mortar joint in the center of this filling in, and the projection of the face. This is called cosmetic surgery aims. It is very misleading, but it is a sound work. 

brick arches are constantly turned, and of many kinds. An arch consists of a series of wedge-shaped blocks, called segments, arranged in a curve, and a closing for a set that unless the pillars of which the arch springs give way, not only will proceed itself, but sustain a heavy load. It is standard practice to cut bricks to this form and build them into a bow, and they sometimes are cut and rubbed, sometimes, when work is harder, because is built. But in order to save the job of cutting arcs sometimes becomes the bricks on the left square, and wedge-shaped joints. In this case, the rings should be only half a brick each, so that the wedge does not have to be so much broader in the back of the face, and laying in cement, and when that material is adheres as closely and sets hard. Arcos two or more half-brick rings in cement are good construction, and also are used to sewer work. 

A less satisfying kind of arc is what is called the bow plane. Here, instead of being curved as it should, the ceiling is straight, but the brick is deep, not enough space for a true arch that does the work, and useless materials to hang him.
