The admiral ordered the spare and stream anchors to be detached and all lower deck guns to be thrown overboard on the morning of the 20th.    By evening the people began to get tired even the most courageous began to fail and they started saying with despair, that if they do not leave the ship, they might come to grief.  At this point the admiral approached them and said that he and his officers regarded their own lives as equal, and they won’t desert them or the ship.   He had decided to try one more night in the ship and hoped they would also stay because there was hope that on a fine day when the sea is moderate united effort would enable them to restore the chains to the pumps and use them against the invading weight; so that enough men would be there to hoist the jury-masts which    may carry the ship to Ireland; there the looks of the ship will protect the convoy, and since everything is done for her relief it is quite a reasonable thing to wait for the  results.  Finally he assured them, that the signal would be made directly for the trade to be with them at night, which they would surely comply with.
This fire of speech brought its wanted results; his firm and confident speech, and their faith on his skill and judgment, his company and concern about every accident made them calm and return to their duty and their hard work.  The admiral was in the deck since the first disaster, inspecting every incident of danger.  Observing this and knowledge of his skill and experience made them rely on him; the signal was made for all the merchantmen by him as promised.

There was then only great reason for alarm and little for hope; though all heavy things such as the anchors, all guns but one, were thrown overboard the ship did not seem relieved at all.  

The people were also nearly exhausted, sleepless since the first fatal attack, so half the crew members were asked to work while the other rested; though the water gained upon them the ship moved most exceptionally in the most restless sea.

On the fourth night, that is the 21st, the broken well, the casks, ballast and remaining shot rushed and destroyed the cylinders of the pumps; the frame of the ship started to fail and the whole crew exclaimed that to keep her above water is not possible any more. 

At this severe condition the admiral, decided to remove people whenever day-light came but asked the captain not to reveal anything more than that he had decided to remove the sick and the lame; and he should call all the boats of the merchants for this.
