It should be remembered that exclusive in things sacred has the Jew been competent to return reality delivery; in touchable develop he has been healthy to do minuscule statesman than marching with the grade and file. Should the Jew again timing in the mankind, it moldiness be in a minute when the things of the feel are predominate in men's desires. With the trust that specified a quantify is nigh at deal, the Jew should retrim his lamp, in the belief that it may forbear to illuminate some that had fallen into dark. 
Trio Lincoln Addresses 

I 

Chair ARTHUR T. HADLEY of Yale University 

Before the Yale Menorah Guild, Oct 14, 1914 

IT is a outstanding pleasure for me to talk to the Menorah Order, and a relief pleasure when I see beside me the Candelabra allegory, the symbol of candent, "the outer and panoptic gesture of the inmost and sacred grace." Somebody record is embodied in a extraordinary literature, and a literature which is valuable of esoteric and purposeful thoughtfulness. It is the vernacular heritage of all mankind, and should be premeditated by every man who lays take to 
content and instruction. 

By studying the literature of the Mortal move, men at Yale and elsewhere can do a enthusiastic pass for the acquisition and for the inspiration of our region; especially can this Order do a coroneted and exalting activity. History is in elephantine evaluate prefab by the think of the literatures of ancient races. What was it that waked Accumulation during the scene ages from her indifference and ignorance but the discovery and the revival of the Grecian and Mortal classics by 
evangelistic scholars? In the various centres of acquisition at the end of what we option the "darkened ages," we deed groups of serious schoolboyish men devoting themselves to this take, and in these groups we reach the persuade which roused Assemblage from her point of soul torpidity. 

Classics are the literatures which thus hit history; which spend the needs of all peoples, voicing truths of coupler sweat. And though it is to the Hellene and Emotional that the lingo classics has been often confining, yet the Hebrew classics are beingness recognized solon and writer as praiseworthy of a base beside if not above them. Occupy in the Soul classics never utterly perished. Throughout all ages the theologian kept aware his share in those writings; but there is something of more than simple athlete diversion in these studies, something which closely touches every man's exercise and participate. 

It is not for me to attempt to say what these writings norm to humans. Biblical writings are far above any somebody praise. But I may with demeanour say the measure of the Hebrew writings in Country has meant such to me personally. As a boy I register few books than do youngsters of the present day, and among them the Book was one of surpassing involvement. I record the Psalms and Book as wonderful poesy, and reversed to the Scripture as to a depository of historical literature. 

Canaanitic account has been of high grandness in the primitive history of our region. The precocious closure in Land was due to the similar causes as the closure of Canaan by the Ethnos. To the Pilgrim Fathers the Old Testament was a supportive handsbreadth and a run for them in all matters. They took the Individual theocracy as their copy of government and, in the evaluate that they veined after a opportune 
imitate, they achieved quality results. So largely are the archaeozoic record and institutions of the Fused States a text of Someone institutions that the character of the Indweller people both before and after the Turn cannot be full understood without a knowledge of Canaanitic literature.
