It should be remembered
that only in things spiritual has the Jew been able to render world service; in material progress
he has been able to do little more than march with the rank and file. Should the Jew again
lead in the world, it must be in a time when the things of the spirit are paramount in men's
desires. With the hope that such a time is near at hand, the Jew should retrim his lamp, in
the faith that it may help to illuminate much that had fallen into darkness.

Three University Addresses

I

PRESIDENT ARTHUR T. HADLEY of Yale University

Before the Yale Menorah Society, October 14, 1914

IT is a great pleasure for me to speak to the Menorah Society, and a double pleasure when I
see beside me the Menorah emblem, the emblem of light, "the outward and visible sign of the
inward and spiritual grace." Jewish history is embodied in a great literature, and a literature
which is worthy of deep and earnest study. It is the common heritage of all mankind, and should
be studied by every man who lays claim to culture and education.

By studying the literature of the Jewish race, men at Yale and elsewhere can do a great work
for the learning and for the inspiration of our country; especially can this Society do a noble
and inspiring work. History is in large measure made by the study of the literatures of ancient
races. What was it that waked Europe during the dark ages from her apathy and ignorance but
the discovery and the revival of the Greek and Latin classics by enthusiastic scholars? In
the various centres of learning at the end of what we call the "dark ages," we find groups
of earnest young men devoting themselves to this study, and in these groups we find the influence
which roused Europe from her period of intellectual torpor.

Classics are the literatures which thus make history; which serve the needs of all peoples,
voicing truths of universal application. And though it is to the Greek and Latin that the name
classics has been often confined, yet the Hebrew classics are being recognized more and more
as worthy of a place beside if not above them. Interest in the Jewish classics never utterly
perished. Throughout all ages the theologian kept alive his interest in those writings; but
there is something of more than mere professional interest in these studies, something which
closely touches every man's development and experience.

It is not for me to attempt to say what these writings mean to humanity. Biblical writings
are far above any individual praise. But I may with propriety say the reading of the Hebrew
writings in English has meant much to me personally. As a boy I read fewer books than do youngsters
of the present day, and among them the Bible was one of extraordinary interest. I read the
Psalms and Isaiah as wonderful poetry, and turned to the Bible as to a storehouse of historical
literature.

Hebrew history has been of great importance in the early history of our country. The early
settlement in America was due to the same causes as the settlement of Canaan by the Hebrews.
To the Pilgrim Fathers the Old Testament was a supporting hand and a guide for them in all
matters. They took the Jewish theocracy as their model of government and, in the measure that
they patterned after a good model, they achieved good results. So largely are the early history
and institutions of the United States a copy of Jewish institutions that the spirit of the
American people both before and after the Revolution cannot be fully understood without a knowledge
of Hebrew literature.
