The jews have rendered spiritual things to the world service but they were not able to give anything for material progress of the world. The jew should lead the world when spirit  becomes the atmost desire of men and the jew should be prepared for such a time as it is nearing by and it may try to light the world whiich  had doomed in darkness.
   PRESIDENT ARTHUR T.HADLEY  of Yale university before the Yale Menorah Society, October 14,1914
      Standing beside the Menorah emblem  of light in which it is inscribed  "the outward and visible sign of the inward and spiritual grace" I am glad to talk of Menorah society. The Jewish literature is worthy enough to be studied deeply.As this is the common heritage of all who value culture and education should study this.
      Studying the literature of the jewish race men can do a great work  for learning and to inspire their country as the ancient greek and Latin classics revived Europe from the dark age. The enthusiastic scholars of that time devoted themselves for this study and Europe was roused from the so called dark ages.
        Classics are literarture of truths which is applicable for the whole world. Hebrew classics have the same  or above position of that of Greek and Latin classics.Theologians keep their interest in the Hebrew literature not just because of professional interest but for universal development and experience.
   These writimgs do much for humanity. Biblical writings meant much to me personally. In my young ages I haven't read much as today's youngsters but I considered the psalms and Isaiah  as fantastic poety  and found bible as treasure of historical literature.
          American settlements resembles that of Cannan settlement by the Hebrews. This is because the pilgrim fathers considered Old Testament as their guide in all matters and Jewish theoracy was their model of government and this showed good results. The early institutions  of the US were a copy of Jewish Institutions  and the spirit of American people  cannot be assesed without the knowledge of Hebrew litrature.
