However, since it was such a dissapointment that the Goldsmith was out of Town (which was not predicted), yet had been very servicable to him in the delight of his girl, he went to the Old Bawd, and told her a story of what happend. He also asked her ouw he should go forward in getting back his rings again, without paying the fifty Guineas again? Give me the other Fee, said the Old Jade, and I will inform you, for I am similar to a lawyer, and will not speak without getting paid. No way he said, I have paid enough before, and I wont do it again, even though she gave me much pleasure. The Bawd advised he should wait till the Goldsmith came home. Then he should take the opportunity to go to her alone and fake he had just entered town.

Then wait till the husband comes home, and take the ring, and then give me two Guineas (or less!). However, you know i paid you before, and so I will leave.

The Bawd assumed nothing else would be taken from him. He then went to the Goldsmiths SHop and asked if the Mistress was in there, and he said she was indeed. She came down the stairs, and then whispered something important in her ear, that was not fit for the public. The mistress then made him follow her up to the room, and they bagan their business.

He said: Although I am still a stranger too you, I have no doubt that you will forget the suddenness of this visit, once you discover that I only care about you and your beauty. I know that there is a man that has admired your unparalled beauty for a long time. He has visited you man times, and was happy each time (although I am not sure why). The other day he said he gave you fifty Guineas, for your services. She was nervous and embaraced, and she knew that he knew what she was. The other man had let her secret out to the public.

He told her that only he knew, for which she was releived, although was not sure if he was telling the truth. He knew that prostitution was a crime, and that all sex should be for free. He thinks that the other man is tricking her, and that is the only reason that he is causing trouble.

She then admists that it is true. He said that he beleives the husband will be out of town for 7-8 days.
