
But since the Goldsmith's being out of Town was such a Disappointed as cou'd not be fore-seen,
& yet had been extreamly serviceable to him in the Enjoyment of his Mistress, he goes to the
Old Bawd, and gives her an Account of what had pass'd, and asks her further how he must proceed
in getting of his Ring again, without repaying of the Fifty Guineas? Give me the other Fee,
says the Old Jade, and I'll inform you; for I am like a Lawyer, and don't know how to speak
without a Fee. No, no, says he, I have Feed enough before, nor would I give so much again,
for all the Pleasure her Enjoyment gave me.--The Bawd, (since she saw nothing more was to be
got by him) advises him to wait the Goldsmiths coming home, and then take a fit opportunity
to go to her alone, and to pretend he was just come to Town; and to desire another Assignation
from her, which being made, and you having once more Enjoy'd her, stay till her Husband comes,
and do as you were first directed. And when you have got your Ring again, I hope you'll then
present me with two Guineas more.--No, not a Farthing more, says he, you know I paid you very
well before-hand: And so left her.

The Bawd perceiving nothing more was to be got from him, resolv'd she wou'd be even with him,
and take another Course to make a Penny of him: And thereupon goes the next Morning to the
Goldsmith's Shop, and asks the Prentice if his Mistress was within; He answers, Yes, and she
reply'd she must needs speak with her, who coming down, the Bawd Whispers her in the Ear, that
she had something to acquaint her with, of great Importance to her; which was not fit to be
discours'd of Publickly: And thereupon the Mistress ask'd her to walk up, and leading of her
into a with-drawing Room, desir'd her to sit down, and then intreated her to tell her Business;
upon which the Bawd began as followeth.

Madam.

Altho' I am a Stranger to you, I doubt not but you will excuse the rudeness of this Visit,
when you shall know 'twas only the Concern I have to see a lady of your Worth and Beauty, so
much Design'd upon and Trick'd, as you are like to be, that has occasion'd it: I Know therefore,
Madam, that there's a Gentleman, who has been for some time a great Admirer of your Matchless
Beauty, which truly does deserve all those Encomiums that I have often heard him justly give
it. This Gentleman, under the Notion of a Customer, has made you many Visits: And has been
pleas'd (I know not for what reason) to make me his Confident; of which I need give you no
further Instant, then that he has acquainted me that but a few Days past he gave you fifty
Guineas, for which by way of Gratitude, he was admitted to enjoy your last Favours:--Here the
Young Lady interrupted her, all Blushing and Confus'd; Madam, you've fully satisfy'd me, said
she, that that false man has let you know my Weakness, and most ungratefully expos'd my Honour,
and betray'd me to the world.--Nay, Madam; said the Bawd, be not so passionate; I don't believe
he has acquainted any with it, but myself. Nor let the thoughts of that at all disturb you;
for, that's a Crime that I have known, for more than thirty-Years, the rest of all our Sex
has scarce been free from. But that which more stirs up my Spleen against him, is for the Trick
he designs to put upon you still; which is the only reason of my giving you this trouble. You
will oblige me in it very much, reply'd the Goldsmith's Wife. Then this says the Bawd, it is.
He understands your Husband is now out of Town; and will be so for Seven or Eight Days time.
