This unusual outlay was made necessary by the great efforts of the Government to defeat
the General. Furthermore, it was swollen by the disinterested devotion of many of the General's
friends. Some of these auxiliaries spent days at the best hotels in Picardy labouring for the
cause, with the result of a special hotel account, amounting to several thousand francs. Nothing
makes men so thirsty as political emotion. Another partisan, at the head of a journal, sent
in a bill for forty-five thousand francs expended by him upon printing and stationery, no charge
being made for his personal services! The chief agents received about two thousand francs apiece.
One of them must have worked very hard, for he earned no less than fifteen thousand francs.
While all this expense was incurring in Picardy, furthermore, two other elections were pending,
in each of which the General was a candidate, one in the Charente and one in the Nord. It would
seem to be probable enough, therefore, that on these three elections In 1888 General Boulanger,
or the Boulangists, must have spent at least two hundred and fifty thousand francs, or ten
thousand pounds.

'Where did all this money come from?' is a not unnatural question. For M. Fleury tells me the
General's bills were paid much more promptly than the bills of the Government candidates. It
is an open secret apparently that the Government candidates are very bad paymasters when they
are beaten. Some of the bills incurred by them in 1885, when the Conservatives swept so large
a part of Northern France, were still due, it appears, in 1888. But the bills of General Boulanger
were settled very soon after the close of the campaign.

M. Mermeix insisted to M. Fleury that the General's war-chest was supplied by voluntary subscriptions.
'Every day,' he said, the General finds some ten thousand francs in his mails, and his followers
'are all either beggars or millionaires.'

Another of the General's managers gave M. Fleury the names of two very rich persons, one of
them a cattle merchant at La Villette, who subscribed between them a hundred and forty thousand
francs to carry on the campaign in Picardy. The enormous importance given to General Boulanger
by his terrified former associates in the Government seems to me to be a very striking proof
of the little confidence they really have in their own hold upon the country, or in the permanency
of 'republican institutions' as they now exist in France, and this adequately explains the
readiness of speculators to 'invest' in what may be called the 'Boulangist bonds.' Such a report
as that presented not very long ago to the Chamber by M. Gerville-Réache on the state of the
navy in France suffices to show that the speculative maladministration of the French finances
has been so great as to make it quite certain that any 'honest government' coming into power
must reconstruct the system of the public indebtedness. That is an operation which can hardly
be carried out by the most scrupulously honest government without very great profits to the
financiers concerned in it, and I only set down what is said to me by respectable Frenchmen
when I say that the Boulanger campaign funds are openly described, by persons not at all hostile
to 'Boulangism,' as 'bets on the General.' 'The difference between the managers of the Boulangist
campaign and the managers of the Government campaign,' said a gentleman to me in Amiens, 'is
simply this--that the Boulangist managers are playing the game with private funds, and the
others with public funds.
