The government took great efforts to make the unusual outlay necessary to defeat the General.   It was also inflamed by the uninterested devotion of several of the General’s friends.  Days were spent at the best hotels in Picardy by some of these men who worked for this campaign and this resulted in several thousand francs bill. Politics makes men very emotional.  A bill of forty-five thousand francs bill was sent by another partisan claiming to be spent on printing and stationery, even without charging anything for his work while the chief agents received about two thousand francs per head.  One received fifteen thousand francs for he must have worked very hard.   

There were two more elections pending, in the Charente and the Nord, in which the General was a candidate.  It is therefore evident that the three election in 1888, would have had General Boulanger, or the Boulangists spend at least two hundred and fifty thousand francs, or ten thousand pounds.  

It is natural to ask where all this money come from.  M. Fleury says that the Generals bills were settled promptly than that of the Government candidates who become very bad in payments after they were defeated.  They kept in due some of the bills of expenditure made in 1885.  Soon after the close of the campaign General Boulanger’s bills were paid.  M. Fleury was told by M. Mermeix that the General’s war-chest was supplied by voluntary subscriptions, and he received up to ten thousand francs and his followers are either beggars or millionaires. 

The names of two very rich persons were given by another of the General’s managers to M. Fleury, who donated a hundred and forty thousand francs for the campaign in Picardy.  It is a striking proof that the importance given to General Boulanger by his associates in the government that they lack confidence of any hold on the country or the permanency of republican institutions which exist in France.  This makes the remarkable investment in the ‘Boulangist bonds.'  M. Gerville-Réache presented such a report to the chamber on the state of the navy in France which suggests that the indefinite maladministration, demands any new government which is honest has to reconstruct the system of the public gratitude.  

The most conscientiously honest government can carry out this operation without very great profits to the financiers concerned in it.  I only repeat the words of respectable Frenchmen, who said that the the Boulanger campaign funds are openly described, by persons not at all unsympathetic to ‘Boulangism,’ as ‘bets on the General.’ In Amiens, a gentleman told me that the difference between the managers of the Boulangist campaign and the managers of Government campaign is that while the Boulangist managers play with the private funds the others do the same with the public funds.
