We rest on the turf for a while, whilst the children
munch their cakes and admire the noise of the mill opposite to us, and the dazzling waters
of the source, pouring little cascades from the dark mountain-side into the valley. The grottoes
and stalactite caverns of this combe are curious alike within and without, and in their inmost
recesses is a small lake, the depth of which has never yet been sounded. Both lake and stalactite
caves, however, can only be seen at certain seasons of the year, and then with difficulty.

The tiny river issuing from the cleft is called the Seille, and very lovely is the deep, narrow
valley of emerald green through which it murmurs so musically. The mountain gorge opens by
little and little as we proceed, showing velvety pastures where little herdsmen and herdswomen
are keeping their cows; goats, black and white, browse on the steep rocks as securely as flies
on a ceiling, and abundance of trees grow by the road-side. The valley winds for half a mile
to the straggling village of Baume, and there the stupendous natural fortifications of cliff
and rock come to an end. Nothing finer in the way of scenery is to be found throughout the
Jura than this, and it is quite peculiar, being unlike any other mountain conformation I have
ever seen, whilst the narrow winding valley of soft gold-green is in beautiful contrast with
the rugged grandeur, not to say savageness, of its environment.

The buildings of this once important Abbey of Baume are now turned into a farm-house, but enough
remains to bespeak the former magnificence of this most aristocratic monastery, [Footnote:
Consult Roussel's "Dictionnaire de Franche-Comte" on the subject. It is very voluminous, but
like any other work on Franche-Comte, may be consulted in the public library of Lons-le-Saunier
without trouble or formality.] to which none could be admitted without furnishing proof of
pure degree of nobility on both the paternal and maternal sides. Adjoining the Abbey is the
Church, which possesses at least one chef-d'oeuvre in its retable.

This altar-piece of wood appears to belong to the fifteenth century, and is in the form of
a triptych, the wings being enriched within and without by paintings in excellent preservation.
The interior is divided into six compartments, in which are represented the various scenes
of the life and passion of Christ. The various figures are finely sculptured, and covered with
gold. Other paintings by the same artist decorate the walls of the Church.

One tomb, that of an abbe of Baume, is very beautiful, being ornamented with seven small statuettes
of weeping monks, who occupy little gothic niches. The expression and attitude of these figures
are touching in the extreme. All these monuments are highly interesting, and worthy of being
studied in detail. The Church is disfigured by not a few modern frivolities and vulgarities.

Many objects illustrating the pre-historic and most ancient periods of French history have
been found at Baume; bronze weapons and ornaments, Gallo-Roman relics, tombs, statuettes, &c.,
whilst a Roman camp, the largest in the Jura, has been traced on the summit of the rocks. This
was destined to protect the road from Lyons to the Rhine, and occupied the height known as
Mount Sermus.

Baume shared the fate of most other ecclesiastical establishments in the iconoclastic period
of the French Revolution, and when we consider what the pitch of popular fury was then, we
are rather tempted to wonder that anything was left, rather than that so many treasures were
destroyed.
