We take rest on the lawn for sometimes, when the children are eating their cakes and enjoying the sound of the mill that is on the opposite side. The glittering waters recede down the sides of the dark mountain into the ravine. The boulders shaped like the caves looks all alike and lead to the innermost part of a small lake, where nobody has yet reached. These lake and the stalactite caves is visible only during particular seasons of the year and that too with little difficult.

The river Seille coming down from the cleft is tiny but the valley through which passes is very lovely and fertile. The valley in the mountain expands as we move along, and it has greenish pastures all along the way where men and women who take care of the cows and goats of various colors, explore the forests with thick trees, by attaching themselves to the rocky surface, just like a fly clinging on to a ceiling. When we go along the valley for half a mile, it takes us to the village of Baume, and the place where the rock comes to an end appears wonderful with the natural fortifications of cliff. We cannot find a more fine scenery in Jura and so far I have seen, it is very strange of its type. The valley that winds narrowly appears in golden green bearing a contrast to the rough nobility of its surroundings. 

This building was an important one, years back when it was the Abbey of Baume and it now has become a farm house; still there is some majesty in it to speak of its grandeur, (Footnot: For more details, refer to Roussel’s "Dictionnaire de Franche-Comte". It contains many volumes and like any other work on Franche-Comte, it may be utilized from the public library of Lons-le-Saunier without any trouble) which could not be attributed to anyone without knowing its ancestors. Church lies next to the Abbey with atleast one chef-d'oeuvre in its retable. 

The altar is made of a piece of wood which looks as though it belongs to the fifteenth century, and it is in the shape of triptych, with enriched wings painted excellently. The inner portion of it is segmented into six portion depicting scenes from the life and passion of Christ. It has various figures which are sculptured finely and are covered with gold. The walls of the Church are decorated by other paintings done by the same artist. 

The tomb of abbe of Baume appears beautiful and was decorated with the seven small statuettes of monks occupying the market of the middle ages. These figures has a fine expression and touching attitude that would reach any heart. The causalities and roughness of the modern age has made the church, lose its beauty.

The objects belonging to the pre-historic era and the ancient periods of French history could be seen at Baume. These include the weapons and ornaments made of bronze, Gallo-Roman relics, tombs, statuettes, &c., and one could see the marking of a Roman camp which was the largest in the Jura, along the summit of the rocks. This was said to protect the road from Lyons to the Rhine and was found to occupy the height known as Mount Sermus.

Baume has the remnants of many historical edifices belonging to the iconoclastic period of the French Revolution and when we analyze them on the whole, we would doubt if anything was left because all those wealth were totally ruined.
