A part of taylor's men were engaged in scouting and a company of dragoons equipped with heavy arms and mounted troops overrode the first Mexican battery. Then the American battery marched towards the crest. A column of regiment charged at the Mexicans, reinforced by the scouts, captured the Mexican army's weapons. After a long and hard fight in the chaparral,Mexicans were forced to flee and lost close to thousand men. Taylor was not ready to compromise for a treaty and attacked the Mexican territory on May 18th. Unable to stop the american forces, Mexicans lost the battle. Arista managed to bring only 2,500 men to linares out of the 7,000, who started with him. The American troops occupied Matamoras, Reinosa and Camargo.Tamaulipas, Coahuila and Nuevi Leon became part of the territory of the Rio Grande. A revolution was started somewhere in the interior Mexico. General Paredas was named as the new president.

[Sidenote: Kearney annexes New Mexico] 

[Sidenote: Fremont in California] 

Colonel Philip Kearney led the American force from Arkansas river and captured Santa Fe in July. He proclaimed the State of New Mexico as a Territory of the United states on August 1st. Captain John C. Fremont received a message to stay in California from Secretary of State Buchanan and his father-in-law Senator Benton while he was about to embark on an expedition in the south. Fremont returned to Sacramento heeding to the suggestion. In Sacramento, he came to know that a retort was planned by the Mexican commander. Immediately, he took command of the American forces and captured Sonoma on June 15. Around the same time, Commodores Sloat and Stockton annexedthe coast towns till Los Angeles. On August 12, they captured the capital of California, Monterey. To maintain stability, Fremont set up an intermediate government under his headship. Meanwhile, the company of artillery sent by the United States journeyed around the Horn and reached after two hundred days. It carried three future heroes of the American Civil War-- Lieutenants Sherman, Halleck and Ord.

[Sidenote: Tardy declaration of war] 

Washington did not hear of the news of these events until after a war was declared by Congress on April 26, a call was authorized for 50,000 volunteers, and an appropriation of $10,000,000 was made. A significant response was received from three hundred thousand volunteers.
Out of these, some 75,000 joined the regular army of 40,000. On May 11, President Polk sent a strong message to Congress stating that the war existed by the act of Mexico. Soon after on May 23, a formal declaration of war was announced by Mexico. An order was issued to General Taylor to seize and hold fort on the Rio Grande with the army of occupation.

[Sidenote: Assault of Monterey] 

[Sidenote: Hoffman's stanzas] 

[Sidenote: Long armistice] 

General Worth joined General Taylor at Matamoras on September 19. General Taylor's camp spread within three miles of Monterey comprising of 6,000 men. Monterey was a strongly fortified place located ninety miles away from Matamoras.
Monterey was also secured on the north by a bulwark. It had lunettes on the east and was safeguarded by two fortified hills on both sides of the river just above the town. Worth commanded his division to be positioned on the Mexican line of retreat above the city. Suffering heavy losses, Garland's unit managed to reach the city advancing between the citadel and the first lunette. With lack of support from three companies to support Garland, fortunately two companies reached the rear of the citadel and forced the Mexicans to relinquish that point.
