Taylor sent a part of its strength as handles, and a company of dragoons ignored Mexican battery first. The Americans then advanced to the crest of your battery. A regiment of positions in the column, and next to the shooters, seized the enemy's artillery. After fighting hard in the chaparral, the Mexicans were put to flight. The Mexicans lost a thousand men, but admitted that one hundred Americans. Rejecting an armistice, Taylor crossed the river on May 18, and unfurled the flag in Mexico. Another attempt to support the Mexican worst loss as a result. Arista retreat became a rout. Of 7,000 men who brought only 2,500 to Linares. American troops occupied Matamoros, and Camargo Reinosa. The three states of Tamaulipas, Coahuila and Nuevo Leon were annexed to the territory of Rio Grande. In the interior of Mexico a revolution. General Paredes was appointed president. 
[Side note: Kearney annexes New Mexico] 

[Side note: Fremont, California] 

In July, Colonel Philip Kearney, an American force, marched without opposition from the Arkansas River, and took possession of Santa Fe. On August 1, annexed the state of New Mexico and United States territory. In May, Captain John C. Fremont, by an expedition of exploration in the South, received a message from Secretary of State Buchanan and Senator Benton, whose daughter had married, suggesting that he should remain in California. Fremont took the track and returned to Sacramento. There he learned that the Mexican commander was about to take the offensive. The event took command of American forces, and captured on June 15 Sonoma. Meanwhile Commodores Sloat and Stockton took possession of the towns along the coast to Los Angeles, and the August 13 meeting, Monterrey, the capital of California. Fremont establish a provisional government, taking the lead. Meanwhile, the United States had sent a company of artillery, which was two hundred days to make the trip around the Horn of Africa. Its members had three future heroes of the American Civil War - Lieutenant Sherman, Halleck and Ord. 

[Side note: the late declaration of war] 

The news of these events did not reach Washington until after Congress had declared war on April 26, authorized a call for 50,000 volunteers, and made an appropriation of $ 10,000,000. Three thousand volunteers answered. Of these about 75,000 were enrolled in the regular army of 40,000. President Polk, May 11, sent to Congress an aggressive step, announcing that war existed by the act of Mexico. On 23 May, Mexico made its formal declaration of war. General Taylor, with the occupation army was ordered to seize and hold the points in the Rio Grande. 

[Side note: Assault of] Monterey 

[Side note: Hoffman stanzas] 

[Footnote:] long armistice 

General Taylor was waiting in Matamoros until September 19 when, after having been accompanied by General Worth, with 6,000 men camped within three miles of Monterey, a fortified place, ninety miles from Matamoros. In the north, Monterrey was protected by a strong city, with small windows in the east, and two fortified hills on both sides of the river above the village. Worth division were planted on the city of Mexico in the line of withdrawal. Garland's brigade, advancing from the citadel and the rear window first, came to the city with heavy losses. After three companies had failed to move to support Garland, two other companies passed to the back of the citadel and forced the Mexicans to leave that point.
