Taylor deployed a allot of his surprise as skirmishers, and a company of dragoons overrode the first Mexican battery. The Americans then raised their battery to the crest. A regiment bore down in column, and, joined by the skirmishers, seized the enemy's artillery. After hard war-ridden in the chaparral, the Mexicans were put to flight. The Mexicans lost one k men, the Americans confessed but one 100. declining an armistice, Taylor crossed the river on May 18, and unfurled the stars and Stripes on Mexican territory. Another tried stand up of the Mexicans ensued in bigger defeat. Arista's retreat belonged a spread-eagle. Of 7,000 men he worked only 2,500 to Linares. The American troops engaged Matamoras, Reinosa and Camargo. The three States of Tamaulipas, Coahuila and Nuevo Leon were annexed to the territory of the Rio Grande. In the internal of Mexico a revolution snapped off out. General Paredes was produced President.

[Sidenote: Kearney annexes New Mexico]

[Sidenote: Fremont in California]

In July, Colonel Philip Kearney, with an American draw, marched unopposed from the Arkansas River and took possession of Santa Fé. On grand 1, he annexed the State of Modern Mexico as a Territory of the United States. In May, Captain John C. Fremont, in turn on of an searching expedition in the South, received a message from Secretary of State Buchanan and Senator Benton, whose daughter he had married, intimating that he should rest in California. Fremont needful the evoke and reverted to Sacramento. There he learned that the Mexican commander was about to take away the offensive. He at once came in prevail of the American forces, and on June 15 captured Sonoma. Meanwhile Commodores Sloat and Stockton removed possession of the coast towns as far as Los Angeles, and, on revered 13, bore Monterey, the majuscule of California. Fremont set up a tentative government, basing himself at the point. In the meantime, the United States had broadcast a company of artillery, which discovered two one hundred days in making the journey close to the Horn. Among its members were three next heroes of the American Civil War--Lieutenants Sherman, Halleck and Ord.

[Sidenote: late declaration of war]

The news of these events did not rival Washington until after Congress had held war on April 26, authorized a yell for 50,000 volunteers, and micturated an appropriation of $10,000,000. Three hundred thousand volunteers answered. Of these roughly 75,000 were entered with the even army of 40,000. President Polk, on May 11, sent to Congress an aggressive measure, heralding that war was by the act of Mexico. On May 23, Mexico made her stately declaration of war. General Taylor, with the army of occupation, was set to get through and hold points on the Rio Grande.

[Sidenote: round of Monterey]

[Sidenote: Hoffman's stanzas]

[Sidenote: long armistice]

universal Taylor held back at Matamoras until September 19, when, having been joined by General Worth, he encamped with 6,000 men within three miles of Monterey, a powerfully fortified place, xc miles aloof from Matamoras. On the north, Monterey was protected by a strong citadel, with lunettes on the east, and by two girded hills on either side of the river just above the town. Worth's division planted itself above the city on the Mexican line of retreat. Garland's brigade, progressing between the citadel and the first lunette, got to the city with heavy loss. After three companies had failed to move to Garland's support, two other companies passed to the rear of the citadel and needed the Mexicans to desert that point.
