Taylor deployed a
portion of his force as skirmishers, and a company of dragoons overrode the first Mexican battery.
The Americans then advanced their battery to the crest. A regiment charged in column, and,
joined by the skirmishers, seized the enemy's artillery. After hard fighting in the chaparral,
the Mexicans were put to flight. The Mexicans lost one thousand men, the Americans conceded
but one hundred. Refusing an armistice, Taylor crossed the river on May 18, and unfurled the
Stars and Stripes on Mexican territory. Another attempted stand of the Mexicans resulted in
worse defeat. Arista's retreat became a rout. Of 7,000 men he brought only 2,500 to Linares.
The American troops occupied Matamoras, Reinosa and Camargo. The three States of Tamaulipas,
Coahuila and Nuevo Leon were annexed to the territory of the Rio Grande. In the interior of
Mexico a revolution broke out. General Paredes was made President.

[Sidenote: Kearney annexes New Mexico]

[Sidenote: Fremont in California]

In July, Colonel Philip Kearney, with an American force, marched unopposed from the Arkansas
River and took possession of Santa Fé. On August 1, he annexed the State of New Mexico as a
Territory of the United States. In May, Captain John C. Fremont, in charge of an exploring
expedition in the South, received a message from Secretary of State Buchanan and Senator Benton,
whose daughter he had married, suggesting that he should remain in California. Fremont took
the hint and returned to Sacramento. There he learned that the Mexican commander was about
to take the offensive. He at once assumed command of the American forces, and on June 15 captured
Sonoma. Meanwhile Commodores Sloat and Stockton took possession of the coast towns as far as
Los Angeles, and, on August 13, held Monterey, the capital of California. Fremont set up a
provisional government, placing himself at the head. In the meantime, the United States had
sent a company of artillery, which took two hundred days in making the journey around the Horn.
Among its members were three future heroes of the American Civil War--Lieutenants Sherman,
Halleck and Ord.

[Sidenote: Tardy declaration of war]

The news of these events did not reach Washington until after Congress had declared war on
April 26, authorized a call for 50,000 volunteers, and made an appropriation of $10,000,000.
Three hundred thousand volunteers responded. Of these some 75,000 were enrolled with the regular
army of 40,000. President Polk, on May 11, sent to Congress an aggressive measure, announcing
that war existed by the act of Mexico. On May 23, Mexico made her formal declaration of war.
General Taylor, with the army of occupation, was ordered to seize and hold points on the Rio
Grande.

[Sidenote: Assault of Monterey]

[Sidenote: Hoffman's stanzas]

[Sidenote: Long armistice]

General Taylor waited at Matamoras until September 19, when, having been joined by General
Worth, he encamped with 6,000 men within three miles of Monterey, a strongly fortified place,
ninety miles distant from Matamoras. On the north, Monterey was protected by a strong citadel,
with lunettes on the east, and by two fortified hills on either side of the river just above
the town. Worth's division planted itself above the city on the Mexican line of retreat. Garland's
brigade, advancing between the citadel and the first lunette, reached the city with heavy loss.
After three companies had failed to move to Garland's support, two other companies passed to
the rear of the citadel and compelled the Mexicans to abandon that point.
