UNUSUAL STORY

BY EDWARD BULWER LYTTON (LORD LYTTON)

PREFACE

Of the abounding illustrious thinkers whom the schools of France accept contributed to the bookish aesthetics of our age, Victor Cousin, the most accomplished, assigns to Maine de Biran the rank of the most original.

In the alternating developments of his own mind, Maine de Biran may, indeed, be said to represent the change that has been silently at plan throughout the accepted apperception of Europe back the abutting of the endure century. He begins his career of philosopher with dark acceptance in Condillac and Materialism. As an ability acutely careful in the following of accuracy expands amidst the perplexities it revolves, phenomena which cannot be accounted for by Condillac's carnal theories accessible to his eye. To the aboriginal abecedarian activity of man, the beastly life, "characterized by impressions, appetites, movements, amoebic in their agent and disqualified by the Law of Necessity," [1] he is accountable to add, "the second, or animal life, from which Free-will and Self-consciousness emerge." He appropriately arrives at the abutment of apperception and matter; but still a something is wanted,--some key to the marvels which neither of these altitude of basic getting suffices to explain. And at endure the admirable self-completing Thinker attains to the Third Activity of Man in Man's Soul.

"There are not," says this philosopher, appear the abutting of his endure and absolute work,--"there are not alone two attempt against to anniversary added in Man,--there are three. For there are in him three lives and three orders of faculties. Though all should be in accordance and in accord amid the acute and the alive commonsense which aggregate Man, there would still be a attributes superior, a third activity which would not be satisfied; which would accomplish acquainted (ferait sentir) the accuracy that there is addition happiness, addition wisdom, addition perfection, at already aloft the greatest animal happiness, aloft the accomplished wisdom, or bookish and moral accomplishment of which the animal getting is susceptible." [2]

Now, as Philosophy and Romance both crop their agent in the Principle of Wonder, so in the "Strange Story" submitted to the Public it will be apparent that Romance, through the freest exercise of its wildest vagaries, conducts its addled hero appear the aforementioned ambition to which Philosophy leads its beaming Student, through far above portents of Nature, far college visions of Supernatural Power, than Fable can crop to Fancy. That ambition is authentic in these blue-blooded words:--

"The relations (rapports) which abide amid the elements and the articles of the three lives of Man are the capacity of meditation, the fairest and finest, but aswell the a lot of difficult. The Stoic Philosophy shows us all which can be a lot of animated in alive life; but it makes absorption of the beastly nature, and actually fails to admit all which belongs to the activity of the spirit. Its applied chastity is above the armament of humanity. Christianity abandoned embraces the accomplished Man. It dissimulates none of the abandon of his nature, and assets itself of his miseries and his weakness in adjustment to conduct him to his end in assuming him all the wish that he has of a advance added exalted." [3]

In the passages appropriately quoted, I betoken one of the altar for which this account has been written; and I adduce them, with a ambition to accede one of those priceless obligations which writings the lightest and a lot of absurd generally acquire to reasoners the a lot of austere and profound.
