A STRANGE STORY

by Edward Bulwer Lytton (Lord Lytton)

PREFACE.

Of the many illustrious thinkers whom the schools of France have contributed to the intellectual
philosophy of our age, Victor Cousin, the most accomplished, assigns to Maine de Biran the
rank of the most original.

In the successive developments of his own mind, Maine de Biran may, indeed, be said to represent
the change that has been silently at work throughout the general mind of Europe since the close
of the last century.  He begins his career of philosopher with blind faith in Condillac and
Materialism.  As an intellect severely conscientious in the pursuit of truth expands amidst
the perplexities it revolves, phenomena which cannot be accounted for by Condillac's sensuous
theories open to his eye.  To the first rudimentary life of man, the animal life, "characterized
by impressions, appetites, movements, organic in their origin and ruled by the Law of Necessity,"
[1] he is compelled to add, "the second, or human life, from which Free-will and Self-consciousness
emerge."  He thus arrives at the union of mind and matter; but still a something is wanted,--some
key to the marvels which neither of these conditions of vital being suffices to explain.  And
at last the grand self-completing Thinker attains to the Third Life of Man in Man's Soul.

   "There are not," says this philosopher, towards the close of his last
    and loftiest work,--"there are not only two principles opposed to
    each other in Man,--there are three.  For there are in him three
    lives and three orders of faculties.  Though all should be in accord
    and in harmony between the sensitive and the active faculties
    which constitute Man, there would still be a nature superior, a
    third life which would not be satisfied; which would make felt
    (ferait sentir) the truth that there is another happiness, another
    wisdom, another perfection, at once above the greatest human
    happiness, above the highest wisdom, or intellectual and moral
    perfection of which the human being is susceptible." [2]

Now, as Philosophy and Romance both take their origin in the Principle of Wonder, so in the
"Strange Story" submitted to the Public it will be seen that Romance, through the freest exercise
of its wildest vagaries, conducts its bewildered hero towards the same goal to which Philosophy
leads its luminous Student, through far grander portents of Nature, far higher visions of Supernatural
Power, than Fable can yield to Fancy. That goal is defined in these noble words:--

   "The relations (rapports) which exist between the elements and the
    products of the three lives of Man are the subjects of meditation,
    the fairest and finest, but also the most difficult.  The Stoic
    Philosophy shows us all which can be most elevated in active life;
    but it makes abstraction of the animal nature, and absolutely fails
    to recognize all which belongs to the life of the spirit.
    Its practical morality is beyond the forces of humanity.  Christianity
    alone embraces the whole Man.  It dissimulates none of the sides of
    his nature, and avails itself of his miseries and his weakness in
    order to conduct him to his end in showing him all the want that he
    has of a succor more exalted." [3]

In the passages thus quoted, I imply one of the objects for which this tale has been written;
and I cite them, with a wish to acknowledge one of those priceless obligations which writings
the lightest and most fantastic often incur to reasoners the most serious and profound.
