In reality the justifiable acts of independent sovereignties consulting a distinct interest should be readily denominated as injuries by us.  The characteristic feature of commercial America, the spirit of venturing, has been constantly improving making use of every opportunity.  This uncontrolled spirit would not be able to pay much respect to the trade regulations of certain States which secure benefits to the citizens.  On one side the infractions of these regulations would lead to outrages and on the other to reprisals and wars.

The tributary States would impatiently submit the opportunities of making others tributary by commercial regulations.  An example can be seen in the relative situation of New York, Connecticut, and New Jersey.  Duties on imports has to be laid by New York for the necessity of revenue, a great part of which must be paid by the people living in the other two States as consumers for what we import.  New York cannot forego this advantage and her citizens would disagree any duty paid by them should go in favor of the neighbors.  Yet can New York continue to tax Connecticut and New Jersey for her exclusive benefit?  As a metropolis, can we continue to enjoy the money got from our neighbors in spite of their hatred?  Should we continue it with pressure from both the neighbors?  There can only be a negative answer to these. 
Another cause for dispute between States or federations is the public debt of the Union.  There should be a rule of apportionment satisfactory to all.  But there isn’t any which can be easily proposed which will be free from real objections completely.  The politicians will as usual exaggerate with their adverse interests.  There are differences of views among the States on the principles of the way in which the public debt can be discharged.  Due to lack of importance of national credit, some of the states feel indifference to the payment of domestic debt at any rate.   Difficulties of distribution would only be magnified by this.  Some equitable and effective provision would be requested by other states in which a large number of the citizens are creditors to the public more than the proportion of the State in the total amount of the national debt.  The resentments of the latter would only be the results of the impediments of the former.  Real differences of opinions and deference would postpone the settlement of a rule.  There would be hollering among the citizens of the States interested; there would be influence for the satisfaction of their demands by foreign powers.  This would result in a hazard to peace to the double possibility of outside attack and inside conflict.
