WE SHOULD BE READY TO DENOMINATE INJURIES THOSE THINGS
WHICH WERE IN REALITY THE JUSTIFIABLE ACTS OF INDEPENDENT SOVEREIGNTIES CONSULTING A DISTINCT
INTEREST. The spirit of enterprise, which characterizes the commercial part of America, has
left no occasion of displaying itself unimproved. It is not at all probable that this unbridled
spirit would pay much respect to those regulations of trade by which particular States might
endeavor to secure exclusive benefits to their own citizens. The infractions of these regulations,
on one side, the efforts to prevent and repel them, on the other, would naturally lead to outrages,
and these to reprisals and wars.

The opportunities which some States would have of rendering others tributary to them by commercial
regulations would be impatiently submitted to by the tributary States. The relative situation
of New York, Connecticut, and New Jersey would afford an example of this kind. New York, from
the necessities of revenue, must lay duties on her importations. A great part of these duties
must be paid by the inhabitants of the two other States in the capacity of consumers of what
we import. New York would neither be willing nor able to forego this advantage. Her citizens
would not consent that a duty paid by them should be remitted in favor of the citizens of her
neighbors; nor would it be practicable, if there were not this impediment in the way, to distinguish
the customers in our own markets. Would Connecticut and New Jersey long submit to be taxed
by New York for her exclusive benefit? Should we be long permitted to remain in the quiet and
undisturbed enjoyment of a metropolis, from the possession of which we derived an advantage
so odious to our neighbors, and, in their opinion, so oppressive? Should we be able to preserve
it against the incumbent weight of Connecticut on the one side, and the co-operating pressure
of New Jersey on the other? These are questions that temerity alone will answer in the affirmative.

The public debt of the Union would be a further cause of collision between the separate States
or confederacies. The apportionment, in the first instance, and the progressive extinguishment
afterward, would be alike productive of ill-humor and animosity. How would it be possible to
agree upon a rule of apportionment satisfactory to all? There is scarcely any that can be proposed
which is entirely free from real objections. These, as usual, would be exaggerated by the adverse
interest of the parties. There are even dissimilar views among the States as to the general
principle of discharging the public debt. Some of them, either less impressed with the importance
of national credit, or because their citizens have little, if any, immediate interest in the
question, feel an indifference, if not a repugnance, to the payment of the domestic debt at
any rate. These would be inclined to magnify the difficulties of a distribution. Others of
them, a numerous body of whose citizens are creditors to the public beyond proportion of the
State in the total amount of the national debt, would be strenuous for some equitable and effective
provision. The procrastinations of the former would excite the resentments of the latter. The
settlement of a rule would, in the meantime, be postponed by real differences of opinion and
affected delays. The citizens of the States interested would clamour; foreign powers would
urge for the satisfaction of their just demands, and the peace of the States would be hazarded
to the double contingency of external invasion and internal contention.
