The solicitors for the defendants in the Chancery suit, however,
did not hesitate to declare their conviction that the pretended Roger Tichborne was no other
than Arthur Orton, youngest son of the late George Orton, butcher, of High Street, Wapping;
that his visit to Wapping on the very night of his arrival was prompted by curiosity to know
the position of his family, of whom he had not heard for some years; and that his stealthy
transactions with the three sisters, and with the brother of Arthur Orton, had no object but
that of furnishing them with an inducement to keep the dangerous secret of his true name and
origin.

While all these discoveries were being made, the poor old lady went to live for a time with
her supposed son at Croydon; but even she could not manage to stay in the extraordinary household,
and after a time, though still strong, despite the advice of her best friends, that the huge
impostor was her son, she left, and gradually becoming weaker and weaker in body as well as
mind, she was, on the 12th of March 1868, found by a servant dead in a chair, and with no relative
or friend at hand, in a hotel near Portman Square, where she had sought and found a shelter.

Amidst much that was vague in the Claimant's account of his past life, there were, at all events,
two statements of a precise and definite character. These were, first, that he had been at
Melipilla, in Chili, and had there known intimately a man named Thomas Castro, whose name he
had afterwards assumed; and, secondly, that in 1854, he had been engaged as herdsman to Mr.
William Foster, of Boisdale, in Gippsland, Australia. If he were an impostor, these statements
were undoubtedly imprudent. But they served the purpose of establishing the identity of his
career with that of the man whom he claimed to be, for Roger Tichborne had, undoubtedly, travelled
in Chili; and, according at least to the tramping sailors' story, embodied in the Dowager's
advertisement, he had been carried thence to Australia. The importance attached by his supporters
to these apparent tokens of identity sufficiently explains the Claimant's explicitness on these
points. Melipilla is a long way off; and Boisdale is still further. It may have been supposed
that witnesses could not be brought from so far; but vast interests were at stake, and the
defendant in the Chancery suit speedily applied for Commissions to go out to South America
and Australia to collect information regarding the Claimant's past history. The proposition
was strenuously opposed as vexatious, and designed merely to create delay, but the Court granted
the application. Then the Claimant asked for an adjournment, on the ground that he intended
to go out and confront the Melipilla folks, including his intimate friend Don Thomas Castro,
before the Commission; and also to accompany it to Australia. The postponement was granted,
a large sum was raised to defray his expenses, and he finally started with the Commission,
accompanied by counsel and solicitors, bound for Valparaiso and Melipilla, and finally for
Victoria and New South Wales. When the vessel, however, arrived at Rio. the Claimant went ashore,
declaring that he preferred to go thence to Melipilla overland. But he never presented himself
at that place, and finally the Commission proceeded to examine witnesses and to record their
testimony, which thus became part of the evidence in the suit. The Claimant had, in fact, re-embarked
at Rio for England, having abandoned the whole project; for which strange conduct he made various
and conflicting excuses.
