Although the science of war in modern times has changed the relationships and responsibilities of men in the battlefield than they were in the old days of chivalry, but there is still space for the exhibition of value stainless and manly virtue. Honor and courage are part of our religion, and the cowardly or careless man of honor in our army of freedom, must submit to shame heavier than ever rested on the disgraced soldier in the past. The sense of honor is finer than common sense in the world. Free account and does not recognize a great sacrifice. "Then the king wept and wiped her eyes and said: 'His courage had destroyed part Dutch, Eng, for men call it madness to follow when overcome." No, "said Sir Lancelot and the other," for once, shame can never be recovered. "Examples of Bayard, - sans peur et sans reproach - Sydney, the heroes of old or recent days, are for our imitation. We are required to be no less worthy of praise and remember them. They did nothing too high for us to imitate. And in his glorious company is expected that some of our names can still register, to stand as inspiring examples and models for the foreseeable future. If the defeat has brought us shame, that has brought us also resolve firmer. No man can say that knowing oneself, or to be sure of his strength and character of principle, until it has been tested by fire test in the crucible of defeat. The same is true of a nation. The proof of the defeat is proof of its national value. Defeat shows whether it deserves the success. We may well be grateful and happy about the defeat of July 21 if wrest the secrets of our weakness, and are returned by it to the real sources of strength. If you've done your job well, if we take advantage sufficiently by the advantages he has given us, we can be very pleased that so little damage has brought us so great a good. But if not, then we will be ready for another defeat and another, until our souls are hardened and disciplined our strength to achieve worthy of victory. For victory we will have in due time. No need to fear, or to be doubtful of the issue. As soon as we deserved, victory will be ours, and we were going to win before, it would be a triumph, but empty and sterile. All history is but the prophecy of our ultimate success - and Milton has put into words of prophecy: "Come, O Nation, never to be disunited! Let the praise and the heroic song of all posterity! Merit this, but seek virtue not only to extend their limits, (for what you need to win a fading triumphant laurel tears of wretched men?), But to solve the pure worship of God in his church, and justice in the state. Then the hardest difficulties smooth out themselves before thee, envy sink into hell, craft and malice to be confused, either at home or outrageous antics brought cunning, yes, then other nations covet to serve, for the lordship and victory are but the message of justice and virtue. 
* * * * * 

ODE TO HAPPINESS. 

I. 

Spirit, that rarely come now, and only to contrast my darkness, like birds with feathers of rainbow bloom A moment in some branches of autumn, which, to despise his farewell, drop their last leaves - when did you live with me years day-vacant permanent infancy wisely, and make intense To that fleet, but the grace of all-sufficing the inexperience of trust, while still transfigured soul connection, and excited, as at first caress of love, In unexpected life simple. 

II.
