Through the science of war, modern times have changed the relations and duties of men on the battle-field from what they were in the old days of knighthood. Yet, there is still room for displays of stainless valor and manful virtues. Honor as well as courage are parts of our religion; and the cowards of men's careless honors of our armies of liberty should fall under heavier shame than ever on the shoulders of the disgraced soldiers of former times.Our sense of honor is finer than the common sense of the world! There is no cost and reckons no sacrifices greater. "Then the king wept and dried his eyes and said 'Your courage had neere a hand destroy it, for I call it folly knights to abide when overmatched!" "No!" said Sir Lancelot and the other, "For once you are shamed, never may you be recovered." 

The examples of Bayard,--sans peur et sans reproche,-- of Sidney, the heroes of old and recent days, are for our imitations. We, bound to be no less worthy of praise and rememberance than they! They did nothing too high for us to imitate. WIthin their glorious company we may hope that some of our names may yet be enrolled, to again stand as the inspiring exemplars and the models for future times. If our defeat has brought us shame, it will have brought us also firmer resolves! No man shall be said to know himself, or to have assurance of his forces of principles and his character, till he has been tested by the fire of trial at the crucible of defeat! The same is true of nations! The tests of defeat is the test of its national worths! Defeat shows wheter it deserves success. We may well be grateful and glad for our defeats of the 21st of July. If we wrest from it the secrets of our weaknesses and are thrown back by it to the true sorces of strentgh, if we have done its work thoroughly, we will profit sufficiently by our advantages it has afforded to us! We may be well content that so slight a harm has brought us so great a good, but if not, then let us be ready for another deafeat, over and over again, till our souls shall be tempered and our forces disciplined for the worthy attainment of victory. For in our victory we shall in good time, have it. There is no need to fear or be doubtful of the issue. As soon as we deserve it, victory will be ours; and were we win it before, it will be, but an empty and barren triumph. All history is but the prophecy of our final success,-- and Milton has put the prophecy into words. "Go on, O Nations, never to be disunited! Be the praises and the heroics of song of all our prosterities! Merit this, but seek only virtues, not to extend your limits, (for what needs to win a fading triumphant laurel out of the tears of a wretched man?) but to settle the pure worship of God, in his church and justice to the state!Then shall the hardest difficulties smooth out themselves before you. Envy shall sink to Hell, craft and malice be confounded, whether it be home-bred mischief or outlandish cunning! Other nations will then covet to serve thee, for lordship and victory are but the pages of justice and virtue!

******

Ode To Happiness!

I. 

Spirits, which rarely come, and only to contrast my saddness. Like rainbow-feathered birds which bloom upon a moment on some autumn brough. With the spurn of their farewells, shed its last leaves,-- thou once did dwell with me year long, and make intense to boy-hood's wisely-empty days. The fleet, but all-sufficing grace of trustful inexperiences. Yet the soul transfigured sense, and thrilled, like love's first caress. Life grants mere unexpectedness 

II.
