Though the
science of war has in modern times changed the relations and the duties of men on the battle-field
from what they were in the old days of knighthood, yet there is still room for the display
of stainless valor and of manful virtue. Honor and courage are part of our religion; and the
coward or the man careless of honor in our army of liberty should fall under heavier shame
than ever rested on the disgraced soldier in former times. The sense of honor is finer than
the common sense of the world. It counts no cost and reckons no sacrifice great. "Then the
king wept, and dried his eyes, and said, 'Your courage had neere hand destroyed you, for I
call it folly knights to abide when they be overmatched.' 'Nay,' said Sir Lancelot and the
other, 'for once shamed may never be recovered.'" The examples of Bayard,--sans peur et sans
reproche,--of Sidney, of the heroes of old or recent days, are for our imitation. We are bound
to be no less worthy of praise and remembrance than they. They did nothing too high for us
to imitate. And in their glorious company we may hope that some of our names may yet be enrolled,
to stand as the inspiring exemplars and the models for coming times. If defeat has brought
us shame, it has brought us also firmer resolve. No man can be said to know himself, or to
have assurance of his force of principle and character, till he has been tested by the fires
of trial in the crucible of defeat. The same is true of a nation. The test of defeat is the
test of its national worth. Defeat shows whether it deserves success. We may well be grateful
and glad for our defeat of the 21st of July, if we wrest from it the secrets of our weakness,
and are thrown back by it to the true sources of strength. If it has done its work thoroughly,
if we profit sufficiently by the advantages it has afforded us, we may be well content that
so slight a harm has brought us so great a good. But if not, then let us be ready for another
and another defeat, till our souls shall be tempered and our forces disciplined for the worthy
attainment of victory. For victory we shall in good time have. There is no need to fear or
be doubtful of the issue. As soon as we deserve it, victory will be ours; and were we to win
it before, it would be but an empty and barren triumph. All history is but the prophecy of
our final success,--and Milton has put the prophecy into words: "Go on, O Nation, never to
be disunited! Be the praise and the heroic song of all posterity! Merit this, but seek only
virtue, not to extend your limits, (for what needs to win a fading triumphant laurel out of
the tears of wretched men?) but to settle the pure worship of God in his church, and justice
in the state. Then shall the hardest difficulties smooth out themselves before thee; envy shall
sink to hell, craft and malice be confounded, whether it be home-bred mischief or outlandish
cunning; yea, other nations will then covet to serve thee, for lordship and victory are but
the pages of justice and virtue.

       *       *       *       *       *

ODE TO HAPPINESS.

  I.

  Spirit, that rarely comest now,
  And only to contrast my gloom,
  Like rainbow-feathered birds that bloom
  A moment on some autumn bough
  Which, with the spurn of their farewell,
  Sheds its last leaves,--thou once didst dwell
  With me year-long, and make intense
  To boyhood's wisely-vacant days
  That fleet, but all-sufficing grace
  Of trustful inexperience,
  While yet the soul transfigured sense,
  And thrilled, as with love's first caress,
  At life's mere unexpectedness.

  II.
