At any rate I sincerely
hope so, for if it is conceivable that some of us grow weary of Sherlock's methods when we
are given a long draught of them no one will deny that they are palatable when taken a small
dose at a time. Sherlock, in short, is a national institution, and if he is to be closed now
and for ever I feel sure that the Bosches will claim to have finished him off. And that would
be a pity. Of these eight stories the best are "The Dying Detective" and the "Bruce-Partington
Plans," but all of them are good to read, except perhaps "The Devil's Foot," which left a "most
sinister impression" on dear old Watson's mind, and incidentally on my own.

       *       *       *       *       *

Every now and then, out of a mass of War-books grown so vast that no single reader can hope
even to keep count of them, there emerges one of particular appeal. This is a claim that may
certainly be made for An Airman's Outings (BLACKWOOD), especially just now when everything
associated with aviation is--I was about to say sur le tapis, but the phrase is hardly well
chosen--so conspicuously in the limelight. The writer of these modest but thrilling records
veils his identity under the technical nom de guerre of "CONTACT." Surely the whole history
of War has no picture to beat this in devotion.

       *       *       *       *       *

EVELYN BRANSCOMBE PETTER has much that is interesting to say about men and women, and packs
her thought (I risk the "her") into a quasi-Meredithian form of phrasing which does not always
escape obscurity. But how much better this than a limpid flow of words without notable content!
Souls in the Making (CHAPMAN AND HALL) is mainly an analysis of two love episodes in the life
of a young man, the liberally educated son of an ambitious self-made soapmaker. The first--with
Sue, the pretty waitress--is thwarted by a very persistent and unpleasant clerk; the second--with
Virginia, a girl of birth and breeding--is threatened by the intrusion of the girl's cousin,
a queerly morbid ne'er-do-well. There is no action to speak of, so one can't speak of it. I
can only say that the interest of the shrewd analysis held me, and that if my guess as to the
sex of the writer be sound it is noteworthy that more pains and skill are bestowed upon the
characters of the men than of the two girls, who are some thing shadowy--charming unfinished
sketches. There is a vigour and an effect of personality in the writing that put this novel
above the large class of the merely competent.

       *       *       *       *       *

Odd what a vogue has lately developed for what I might call the ultra-domestic school of fiction.
Here is another example, Married Life (CASSELL), in which Miss MAY EDGINTON, following the
mode, unites her hero and heroine at the beginning and leaves them to flounder for our edification
amid the trials of double blessedness. I am sorry to say it, but her great solution for the
eternal problem of How to be Happy though Married appears to be the possession of a sufficient
bank-balance to prevent the chain from galling. In other words, not to be too much married.
All this love-in-a-cottage talk has clearly no allurement for Miss EDGINTON. With her, the
protagonists, Osborne and his young wife, are no sooner wed than their troubles begin--troubles
of the domestic budget, of cooking and stove lighting and the rest. (By the way, for all its
carefully British topography, I strongly suspect the whole story of an exotic origin, chiefly
from certain odd-sounding words that seem to have slipped in here and there.
