At times it is possible to get tired of Sherlock's methods when we get too much of them since they are appealing only when given in a small amount. If Sherlock is to go away forever, the Bosches will take credit. This would be terrible. There are eight outstanding stories and the best of the lot are "The Dying Detective" and the "Bruce-Partington Plans," they are all good reading with the exception of "The Devil's Foot," which disturbed Watson and myself greatly.









Once in a great while out of the many volumes of War-books written, one stands out as being especially interesting. This stands true with An Airman's Outings (BLACKWOOD), actually now that aviation is so popular this is particularly true. The author of these modest but suspenceful stories doesn't use his real name but only is known by a technical name of "Contact". This devotion to the history of war is very hard to beat.










Evelyn Branscombe Petter has much to say regarding relationships between men and women. Her quasi-Meredithian way of putting things is at times profound. Souls in the Making (CHAPMAN AND Hall) is an analysis of two love interests in a young man's life. He is a liberally educated son of a self taught soap maker. His first affair is with a pretty waitress named Sue. His plans with her are disturbed by a pesty and nasty clerk. The second story concerns Virginia, a fine girl of breeding. The relationship is thwarted by the intrusion by the girls' cousin a goody two shoes who is oddly morbid. It isn't an action packed affair. it is mainly a manner of shrewd analysis that held my interests. It's my guess that the men are more akilled and worldly than the two girls if I were to guess the sex of the author. The girls appear as shadowy-charming figures with unfinished detail. This novel is above competent and there is an energy about the writing that makes is especially noteworthy.















It's very fashionable lately and there seems to be a demand for an ultra-domesticated body of literature. As an example, Married Life (CASSELL), in which Miss MAY EDGINTON in this fashion, unites her hero and hero but then proceeds to let them flouder for our attentions in the trials of double blessedness. The great solution for the problem of How to be Happy in Marriage is the possesion of money in earnest. Immediately upon marriage, the protagonists encounter budget troubles and failing cooking stoves and the like. There is an exotic flavor in which this is written as though it has a tropical feel to it since there are odd-sounding words slipped in here and there throughout.
