Now, I am going to explain you shortly what was happened there.
Could you remember about my resemblance when you first saw me as a first time?  I was appearing just in a sickly, plain, sad little girl.  I was standing at the avenue gate just twenty years ago?  During that time, "Le Pere Francois was brutally assassinated a fowl. He was falling down by cutting his throat with a clasp-knife. He was terribly assassinated for a poor thing that he was strongly struggled anxiously in his seizes and his blood was flowed into the gutter. When he was assassinated, a group of boys were looking on in great delight, when Le Pere Francois was gossiping with M. le Cure, who didn't seem to mind in the least. When I saw this fearful bloody scene, I have been fainted with pity and horror. In that minute, suddenly you came out of the school opposite with Alfred and Charlie Plunket, and saw the entire situation well. Then you said with noble tempered tendency and you called Pere Francois was a 'sacred pig of assassin'.  Co you remember that and it was very rude in French--and struck him as near his face as you could reach. "Have you forgotten that? Ah, but I have not so. I think that it was not a powerful deed. Perhaps, if you could come so early, you will save him certainly.  But you came too late to save the fowl. Besides, when Pere Francois tried to attack you back again and when he left some of the fowl's blood on your cheek, it was considered as a baptism.  You have become my hero on the spot. Also you have become my angel of light. Just you can go over there to look. Is he beautiful enough? That was you, Mr. Ibbetson. 
"M. le Cure said something about 'ces Anglais' who has become mad when his horse was beaten by a man. Yet people are paying to box each other to death. Don't you really remember? Oh, But now I am able to recollect them all! 
"And that little language we invented and used to talk so fluently! Can you rappel it to yourself? 'Ne le recollects tu pas?'As we would have said in those days, it was used to be thee and you to be with us then. 
Well, but as a special thing, in all such events, you should definitely remember how we were living together in happiest situation for more than five years. You have to also remember how you admired me and played with me.  Beside how did you take part in my life and in everything whether they are all right or wrong.  Also you have to realize how did you carry me and pick a back when I was in severe fatigue. In all such these kings of your drawings, I have them with me all. And oh! Also you were behaving sometimes so funny also. I know due to your funny activities how did you make my mummy to laugh and M. le Major! Now please try to just look at Gogo again. Have you forgotten what he is doing now? But I have not so.  He has just changed the musee des families for the Penny Magazine.  Also he is explaining about Hogarth's pictures of the 'Idle and Industrious Apprentices' to Mimsey.   Now they both are agreed that the idle is one and it is much lesser objectionable in these two.
Now a day, Mimsey is looking so in active especially in raising her thumb in taking with her mouth.  What is the reason?  Actually she is not such a type. Now her little heart is completely bundled with full of gratitude and love for Gogo.  This is the reason, that she is always keeping silence and she cannot speak as normal as she was.Now she used always suck her thumb for keeping her silence.  Now she has become so poor, sick and completely ungainly child! Now even she would like to be with Gogo as slave moreover she is also ready to die for  Gogo. Bye the bye, Gogo’s mother enthusiastically adoring him.But she is having more jealous on dear Madame Pasquier.  The reason is she is having a very good and so sweet son. In just one minute from now, when she cuts that last curl-paper, poor long-dead mummy will call Gogo and try to give him a good 'Irish hug.  Also she will make him happy for a week. If you are ready to wait a minute then you can see there exactly what did I tell you now? 
"Well, all that came to an end now.   Madame Pasquier has gone out once for all and he will never come back again as Gogo. Monsieur and Madame Pasquier were already dead and dear mamma also going to be died in a week from the cholera. Poor heart broken Mimsey will be taken away to St. Petersburg, Warsaw, Leipsic, Venice, all over Europe. Her father due to his heart broken condition, he will be also with her there.
"It was her and her father’s wish that she should become a pianist by profession. So for this reason, she studied hard for many years in almost every capital cities and she was getting practice almost under every master in Europe.  Due to her hard work and sincere practice, she gave promise of success. 
And due to these reasons, she was wandering here and there and from one place to another place. Since she was a young woman, she was easily inspired by every body and greatly spoiled and it has been caused to become much-of young woman.  Mr. Ibbetson, even though she is telling that who shouldn't, she was having many suitors in all kinds and in each and every country.
