I will make it as
short as I can.

"Do you remember when you first saw me, a sickly, plain, sad little girl, at the avenue gate,
twenty years ago?

"Le Pere Francois was killing a fowl--cutting its throat with a clasp-knife--and the poor thing
struggled frantically in his grasp as its blood flowed into the gutter. A group of boys were
looking on in great glee, and all the while Pere Francois was gossiping with M. le Cure, who
didn't seem to mind in the least. I was fainting with pity and horror. Suddenly you came out
of the school opposite with Alfred and Charlie Plunket, and saw it all, and in a fit of noble
rage you called Pere Francois a 'sacred pig of assassin'--which, as you know, is very rude
in French--and struck him as near his face as you could reach.

"Have you forgotten that? Ah, I haven't! It was not an effectual deed, perhaps, and certainly
came too late to save the fowl. Besides, Pere Francois struck you back again, and left some
of the fowl's blood on your cheek. It was a baptism! You became on the spot my hero--my angel
of light. Look at Gogo over there. Is he beautiful enough? That was you, Mr. Ibbetson.

"M. le Cure said something about 'ces Anglais' who go mad if a man whips his horse, and yet
pay people to box each other to death. Don't you really remember? Oh, the recollection to me!

"And that little language we invented and used to talk so fluently! Don't you rappel it to
yourself? 'Ne le recollectes tu pas?' as we would have said in those days, for it used to be
thee and thou with us then.

"Well, at all events, you must remember how for five happy years we were so often together;
how you drew for me, read to me, played with me; took my part in everything, right or wrong;
carried me pickaback when I was tired. Your drawings--I have them all. And oh! you were so
funny sometimes! How you used to make mamma laugh, and M. le Major! Just look at Gogo again.
Have you forgotten what he is doing now? I haven't.... He has just changed the musee des familles
for the Penny Magazine, and is explaining Hogarth's pictures of the 'Idle and Industrious Apprentices'
to Mimsey, and they are both agreed that the idle one is much the less objectionable of the two!

"Mimsey looks passive enough, with her thumb in her mouth, doesn't she? Her little heart is
so full of gratitude and love for Gogo that she can't speak. She can only suck her thumb. Poor,
sick, ungainly child! She would like to be Gogo's slave--she would die for Gogo. And her mother
adores Gogo too; she is almost jealous of dear Madame Pasquier for having so sweet a son. In
just one minute from now, when she has cut that last curl-paper, poor long-dead mamma will
call Gogo to her and give him a good 'Irish hug,' and make him happy for a week. Wait a minute
and see. There! What did I tell you?

"Well, all that came to an end. Madame Pasquier went away and never came back, and so did Gogo.
Monsieur and Madame Pasquier were dead, and dear mamma died in a week from the cholera. Poor
heartbroken Mimsey was taken away to St. Petersburg, Warsaw, Leipsic, Venice, all over Europe,
by her father, as heart-broken as herself.

"It was her wish and her father's that she should become a pianist by profession, and she studied
hard for many years in almost every capital, and under almost every master in Europe, and she
gave promise of success.

"And so, wandering from one place to another, she became a young woman--a greatly petted and
spoiled and made-much-of young woman, Mr. Ibbetson, although she says it who shouldn't; and
had many suitors of all kinds and countries.
