A tribute was given to Saint Patrick. The merchant ships gave a cask of wine or honey, iron, or salt. The tavern's gave mead or ale and the other shops gave shoes, gloves, knives or combs. On the day of this tribute the King and his nobel men gave Saint Patrick gold and the common people offered what they could and helped build churches. Patrick blessed all with the blessings of Jacob and Moses, he prophesied and prayed that if they were strong they would not be conquered but fortunate, and if they ever went against their vows they would be conquered and sad. It was unfortunate that the people became proud and regardless of the blessing neglected to pay tribute and and went against their vows. 

Chapter 72

Murinus' Sentence

The saint blessed and said goodbye to the people of Dublinia. He was prepared to continue his work in other locations. Saint Patrick came to the town of Castle Cnoc, which was governed by Murinus. Patrick was determined to help Murinus grow in faith and live a respectable life, but Murinus was evil and looked at the saint as an enemy. Murinus was required to give up some of his extra supplies and money but he denied and was sentanced to suffer death. The Spirit proclaimed: "Let him sleep, let him sleep; nor until the day of judgement let him awaken or arise!" As the Saint left Murinus suffered death. When the voice from heaven called Murinus' name to ascend to heaven he did not wake up or rise but decended to the depths of hell. to his day the Irish say: "May thou sleep, as at the workd of Saint Patrick Murinus slept!"

In the city of Lagenia another nonbeliever in Christ named Foylge, the child of Belinal. Foylge was annoyed with the fact that Saint Patrick came to speak of the Lord and had destroyed the idol Ceancroythi. But when Foylge could not get to the saint himself he attacked his chariot driver Odranus. When Patrick found Odranus strangled to death he was deeply heart broken and turned against Foylge. Foylge suffered death and eternal life in hell.
