On the Archbishop of Ardmachia they appointed a tribute to Saint Patrik which was their leader,from merchant ships there were sufficiant measures of salt, casks of wine or honey, and hooks of iron. Every tavern gave ale or mead. Every shop gave gifts of gloves, knives,combs shoes, and many grand gifts alike. On this day every nobleman or king would gift to him a talent of gold. Patrick also gave to the neady, keeping part for the bulding of churches. He blessed them with the blessings of Moses and Jacob, servents of God himself. He would pray for the best for those who kept there word and for the worst for those who did not. Wich was shown when the people became folish and disregarded the blessings of the saint and forgot to pay the right amount of tribute.


Chapter LXXII.


The sentance pronounced opon Minus.


Saying godbye to Dublinia, having blessed it the best the saint could, his miricales shown in faith, preparing himself for simular work. He arrived at a neighboring town now refered to as Castle Cnoc. Were the infidel Murinus lived. The saint desired to send him into the path of rightousness. However this unguided man, folish as he was, blocked the saint as if he were an enemy. The saint required Minus to give him some ubundance, but Minus, sealing himself into a concealed room, required of the saint to atleast bore him to sleep. However, the saint continued such attempts fueled by the love of the spirit sayingh things like: "Let him sleep, let him sleep; but on the day of judgment please let him wake." Then the saint left and the man sunk into the sleep of death. Minus, serounded by darkness and disbeleif, neglected to wake when the voice that called him from death, to illuminate him with the glory of Chirist. Instead he decended into a dark grave and remained there forever in darkness and disbeleif of death. To this day, amoung the Irish a common imprecation on a feigned sleeper, Mayest he sleeps, as the world of Saint Patrick Murinus slept!


Also in Lagenia was a certain wicked idolater called Foylge, who was an active adversary of christ,as far forth as he was able,the child of Belial commonly looked for occasions to lay on paterike, the anoited of the lord,his strong hands,because to him it was irritating to even hear or see the saint.This inveterated malice he provocted, for the man of god himself had destroyed the grand idol Ceancroythi, unto the terrible worship that he was espesially bond to. However, when he could not carry out his wicked purpose, he attacked the charioteer of the great Saint Patrick Odranus. He grabbed him sitting in the cheriot and strangled so thjat another may more vividly feel the fury eminating from him. The saint, heart derly in the heart,used the wepon of malediction on the child of satin,pierced thereby, even on the moment his soul decended to hell.
