And they appointed a tribute unto Saint Patrick their patron, which was unto the Archbishop
of Ardmachia from every merchant ship a sufficient cask of wine or of honey, a hook of iron,
or a measure of salt; from every tavern a vessel of mead or of ale; and from every shop a gift
of shoes, or gloves, or knives, or combs, with many gifts of such kind.  And on that day the
king and his nobles each offered unto him a talent of gold; but the people offered even as
they could, the which did Patrick, the poor in Christ, give unto the poor, having retained
a part unto the building of churches.  Then blessed he them with the blessings of Jacob the
patriarch, and of Moses the servant of God, like unto the age and spiritual bearing of whom
he appeared, prophesying, and praying, if their deeds agreed with their words, that they might
be unconquered and fortunate, but weak and unhappy if ever they falsified their vows.  Which
plainly was proved when this people, becoming proud and regardless of the blessing of the saint,
neglected to pay the appointed tribute.

CHAPTER LXXII.

Of the Sentence pronounced on Murinus.

And the saint having blessed and bidden farewell unto the inhabitants of Dublinia, then by
the power of his miracles confirmed in the faith, preparing himself for the like work, set
forward on his journey.  And he came unto a neighboring town, which is now called the Castle
Cnoc, where a certain infidel named Murinus governed.  Him did the saint desire to lead into
the path of life; but this son of death, hearing the fame of his virtue and of his wisdom,
which he feared no one could resist, absented himself from the saint, even as from a fierce
enemy. And the saint required him that he would at the least give unto him of his abundance;
but he, concealing himself in an inner chamber, required him that he would at the least suffer
him to sleep.  The which commands being of each oftentimes repeated, the saint, at the inspiration
of the Spirit, understanding him to be a child of perdition, exclaimed: "Let him sleep, let
him sleep; nor until the day of judgment let him awaken or arise!"  Then the saint departed,
and the wretched man sank into the sleep of death.  Thus when the sleeper, covered with the
darkness of unbelief, refused to awake at the heavenly voice which called him from the dead,
that he might be illuminated of Christ, he descended into the dark grave, there to remain for
ever covered with the darkness of death.  Therefore, even to this day, it is among the Irish
a frequent imprecation on a feigned sleeper, Mayest thou sleep, as at the word of Saint Patrick
Murinus slept!

And in Lagenia was a certain wicked idolater named Foylge, who was an eminent adversary of
Christ, so far forth as he was able; this child of Belial frequently sought occasion to lay
on Patrick, the anointed of the Lord, his impious hands, for to him it was very grievous not
only to see but even to hear the saint.  To this inveterate malice was he urged, for that the
man of God had destroyed the aforementioned idol Ceancroythi, unto the abominable worship whereof
he was especially bound.  But when he could not effect his wicked purpose, he one day attacked
the charioteer of Saint Patrick, who was named Odranus; for he seized him sitting in the chariot,
and strangled him, so that by the one act of blood his fury might be the more fiercely excited
toward another.  And the saint, wounded in his heart, cast the weapon of his malediction on
this child of hell, who, pierced thereby, even at the moment breathed out his soul into the
infernal regions.
