And Manawyddan began to make housings, and he
gilded and coloured them with blue enamel, in the manner that he had seen it done by Llasar
Llaesgywydd.  And he made the blue enamel as it was made by the other man.  And therefore is
it still called Calch Lasar [blue enamel], because Llasar Llaesgywydd had wrought it.

And as long as that workmanship could be had of Manawyddan, neither saddle nor housing was
bought of a saddler throughout all Hereford; till at length every one of the saddlers perceived
that they were losing much of their gain, and that no man bought of them, but him who could
not get what he sought from Manawyddan.  Then they assembled together, and agreed to slay him
and his companions.

Now they received warning of this, and took counsel whether they should leave the city.  "By
Heaven," said Pryderi, "it is not my counsel that we should quit the town, but that we should
slay these boors."  "Not so," said Manawyddan, "for if we fight with them, we shall have evil
fame, and shall be put in prison.  It were better for us to go to another town to maintain
ourselves."  So they four went to another city.

"What craft shall we take?" said Pryderi.  "We will make shields," said Manawyddan.  "Do we
know anything about that craft?" said Pryderi.  "We will try," answered he.  There they began
to make shields, and fashioned them after the shape of the good shields they had seen; and
they enamelled they, as them had done the saddles.  And they prospered in that place, so that
not a shield was asked for in the whole town, but such as was had of them.  Rapid therefore
was their work, and numberless were the shields they made.  But at last they were marked by
the craftsmen, who came together in haste, and their fellow-townsmen with them, and agreed
that they should seek to slay them.  But they received warning, and heard how the men had resolved
on their destruction.  "Pryderi," said Manawyddan, "these men desire to slay us."  "Let us
not endure this from these boors, but let us rather fall upon them and slay them."  "Not so,"
he answered; "Caswallawn and his men will hear of it, and we shall be undone.  Let us go to
another town."  So to another town they went.

"What craft shall we take?" said Manawyddan.  "Whatsoever thou wilt that we know," said Pryderi.
"Not so," he replied, "but let us take to making shoes, for there is not courage enough among
cordwainers either to fight with us or to molest us."  "I know nothing thereof," said Pryderi.

"Pryderi," said Manawyddan, "these men are minded to slay us." "Wherefore should we bear this
from the boorish thieves?" said Pryderi.  "Rather let us slay them all."  "Not so," said Manawyddan,
"we will not slay them, neither will we remain in Lloegyr any longer. Let us set forth to Dyved
and go to see it."

So they journeyed along until they came to Dyved, and they went forward to Narberth.  And there
they kindled fire and supported themselves by hunting.  And thus they spent a month.  And they
gathered their dogs around them, and tarried there one year.

And one morning Pryderi and Manawyddan rose up to hunt, and they ranged their dogs and went
forth from the palace.  Let us go into Lloegyr; it is easiest for us to find support there."
"Gladly, lord," said she, "we will do so."  And they set forth together to Lloegyr.

"Lord," said she, "what craft wilt thou follow?  Take up one that is seemly."

So he began his craft, and he made all his work of the finest leather he could get in the town,
and, as he had done at the other place, he caused gilded clasps to be made for the shoes.
