Manawyddan started to make shelters, he cover it with thin layer of gold, color it with blue glaze,
as if he was copying what Llasar Llaesgywydd had done. He made the blue glaze as if it was made by
the other man. But still, it was called Calch
Lasar because Llasar Llaesgywydd had wrought it.

And as longs as workmanship could be had of Manawyddan, neither making a leather seat nor
making shelter was bought by a saddler all over Hereford, Till everyone of the saddlers apprehended
that they we losing much of their achievement and
no one can be able to bought. But he who couldn't get what Manawyddan can sought. After that, they gatherd together and agreed to kill him and his comrades.

Now they received warning of this, and took advice whether they should depart the city. "By Heaven,"
Pryderi said, "it is not my advice that we should give up the town, but to kill these dorks.
But then Manawyddan said, "Not so, if we fight with them, we shall have demonic fame and shall be jailed. It will be better for us if we go to another town to carry on ourselves." So the four went to another town.

"What weapon shall we make?" Pryderi asks. "We will make shields," Manawyddan said. "Do we know anything about making shields?" Pryderi said. "We will try" he answered. Then they began making shields. They designed them after the shape of the good shields as what they had seen and glazed it, and finished also the saddles. And flourish it in the place, so that not a shield was asked for in the whole town. They made the work quickly and numerous of shields were made. At last they were marked by the craftsmen, who came together with their fellow-townsmen with them, and agreed that they should seek to kill them. But they received warning and hear how the men had resolved on their demolition. Manawyddan called Pryderi and said "These men are about to kill us, Let us not linger on this dorks, but let us rather fall upon them and kill them." "Not so," he answered; "Caswallawn and his men will hear eveything of it, and we shall be free. We should go to another town." So they went to another town.

"What weapon should we make?" Manawyddan asks. Pryderi replied, "Anything that we know." Manawyddan said, " Not so, but we should make some shoe, for there is not brave enough among shoemakers either fight with us or to hurt us." "I know nothing." Pryderi said.

"Pryderi, these men are ment to kill us." Manawyddan said. "We should bear this from dork thieves? Rather let us kill them all." Pryderi said. "not so, We will not kill them neither we stay in Lloegyr any longer. Let us set forth to Dyved and go to see it."

So they travelled along until they came to Dyved, and they went forward to Narbeth. They flame the fire and supported themselves through hunting. And thus they spent a month. And assembled their dogs around them, and dawdle there for one year.

Then One morning Pryderi and Manawyddan go for a hunt, They ordered their dogs, and went forth from the palace. Let us go into Lloegyr, it will be easy for us to find support there. "Gladly, lord," she said. "we will do so." And they set forth together to Lloegyr.

"Lord," She said, "what craft will we make? Take up one that is suitable for us."

So he began his craft, and he made the finest leather that he could get in the town, and as he had at the other place, he bring into thin layered gold and hold onto something to be made for the shoes.
