And Manawyddan began to make homes, and gold and color it with blue enamel, as had been done by Llasa Llaesgywydd. And he made the blue enamel, as was done for the other. And so it is still called Calchas Lasar] [blue enamel because Llasa Llaesgywydd had forged. 
And while labor can be obtained from Manawyddan, nor chair, not the house was bought from a saddler in all Hereford, until finally each of the saddlers realized they were losing much of its gain, and no man bought them, but could not get what he wanted from Manawyddan. Then came together and agreed to kill him and his companions. 

Now were warned of this, and took counsel whether they should leave the city. "By God," said Pryderi, "is my advice that we should leave the city, but you have to kill these louts. "Not so," said Manawyddan, "because if we fight with them, we will have a bad name, and shall be in prison. It would be better for us to go to another city to stay." So four went to another city. 

"What craft should take?" Pryderi said. "We will make shields," said Manawyddan. Do we know anything about that job? "Pryderi said." We will try, "he said. He began to make shields, and fashion the shape of the shields had been good and that is glazed, like they had the horses. And prospered in that place and therefore was not asked a shield across the city, but as it was for them. Quick so was his job, and shields were many they have done. But at last, were marked by craftsmen, who met in haste, and their fellow citizens with them, and agreed that it should try to kill them. But they received a warning, and heard how the men had resolved their destruction. "Pryderi" Manawyddan said, "these men the desire to kill us." "We should bear this in these louts, but we will not fall on them and kill them." "Not so," he replied, and his men Caswallawn hear of it, and we will revert. Let's go to another town. " So to other people that left. 

"What craft should take?" Manawyddan said. "Everything you want to know," said Pryderi. "Not so," he said, but we will take to make shoes, for there is sufficient value from Cordwainers either to fight with us or bother us. " "I know nothing of it," said Pryderi. 

"Pryderi" Manawyddan said, "these men are related to kill us." "Therefore we must have it from thieves punk?" Pryderi said. "Instead of letting kill us all." "Not so," said Manawyddan, "we will not kill, nor will we remain in Lloegyr longer. Let's keep Dyved and go forward to see him." 

So I went along to reach Dyved, and was ahead of Narberth. And there was lit on fire and is supported by hunting. And so he spent a month. They gathered their dogs around, and slept there for a year. 

And one morning Pryderi Manawyddan and got up to hunt, and they went to their dogs and left the palace. Lloegyr Let's go, it is easier for us to find support there. "" With pleasure, sir, "she said, we will. "And they set out with Lloegyr. 

"Sir," she said, what do you boat go? Take the one that is correct. " 

So he started his job, and he did all his work for the best leather I could get in the city, and, as it had in the place of others, he was golden clasps for the shoes.
