Well, well, poor doggie, so you have lost your master and have had nothing to eat since God
knows when, and I've just chased out my wife, yes, yes, and she went away yesterday. Yes, yes,
she's going to try to shift for herself as a washerwoman down in Winnipeg this winter, yes,
yes, that's how it is now. Yes, yes, we packed up and left a fairly decent living there at
home and came here into this damnable log-cabin existence, yes, yes. ... Well, try that in
your chops, you miserable cur, you can gobble that up, I tell you. Oh, this is nothing but
damned scraps and hardly fit to offer a dog, not even a stray dog, oh, no. Well, I can't bring
myself to chase you away, poor wretch--we're all stray dogs in the eyes of the Lord in any
case, that's what we all are....

Time passed on and Torfi Torfason fished in the lake and lived in a hut on some outlying island
with his boss, a red-bearded man, who made money out of his fishing fleet as well as by selling
other fishermen tobacco, liquor, and twine. The fisherman vehemently disliked the dog and said
every day that that damned bitch ought to be killed. He had built this cabin on the island
himself. It was divided into two parts, a hall and a room. They slept in the room, and in the
hall they kept fishing tackle, food, and other supplies, but the bitch slept on the step outside
the cabin door. The fisherman was not a generous man and gave Torfi the smaller share of the
food. He absolutely forbade giving the dog the tiniest morsel and said that bitch ought to
be killed. To this Torfi made no answer, but always stole a bite for the dog when the fisherman
had gone to bed. Now the time came when the bitch was to pup. The bitch pupped. And when she
had finished pupping, he gave her a fine chunk of meat, which he stole from the fisherman,
for he knew that bitter is the hunger of the woman in child-bed, and let her lie on an old
sack in the hall, directly against the will of the fisherman. Then he lay down to sleep.

But he had not lain long when he is aroused by someone walking about and he cannot figure out
why. But it turns out to be the fisherman, who gets up out of bed, walks out into the hall.
lights the lamp, takes the bitch by the scruff of the neck, and throws her out in the snow.
Then he closes the outer door, puts out the light, and lies down on his bunk. Now it is quiet
for a while, until the bitch begins to howl outside and the pups to whine piteously in the
hall. Then Torfi Torfason gets up, gropes his way out through the hall, lets the bitch in,
and she crawls at once over her pups. Then he lies down to sleep again. Again the bitch begins
to howl outside and the pups to whine, and Torfi Torfason gets up out of bed, lets the bitch
in to the pups again, and again lies down. After a little while the fisherman gets up again,
lights the lantern, and fares forth. But even soft iron can be whetted sharp, and now Torfi
Torfason springs out of bed a third time and out into the hall after the fisherman.

Either you leave the dog alone or both of us will go, I and the dog, says Torfi Torfason, and
it was only a matter of seconds till he laid hands on his master. A hard scuffle began and
the cabin shook with it, and everything fell over and broke that was in the way. They gave
each other many and heavy blows, but the fisherman was the more warlike, until Torfi tackled
low, grasped him round the waist, and did not let up in the attack until he had the fisherman
doubled up with his chin against his knees. Then he opened the door of the cabin and threw
him out somewhere into the wide world.
