Ell, good and poor dog,so you know your master has lost and very hungry since God knows when, and i just look for my wife who had gone away since yesterday. Yes, yes, she's going to try to get job as a washerwoman down in Winnipeg this winter, yes, yes, that's my condition now. Yes, yes, we packed up and leace a fairly proper living there at home and went here into this damnable log-cabin existence, yes, yes... Well try that in your meat, you miserable cur, you can devour that, i tell you. Oh, this is nothing but damned scraps and hard to fit to propose a doggy, not even a stray dog. oh, no. Well, i can't get myself to catch up you away, poor rascal-- we're all stray dog in the eyes of God in any ways, that's what all we are..

Time flow and Torfi Torfason fished in the lake and live in hut on isolated island with his boss, a man with red beard, who made money out of his fishing fleet as well as selling tobacco, liquor and twine to other fishermen.The fisherman vehemently hate the dog and everyday tell if that damned bitch should to be killed. He had built cabin room on the island by himself. It was divided into two parts, a hall and room.They finished the day in the room, and they kept fishing tackle, food supply, and other supplies in the hall, but that bitch slept on the step outside the cabin door.The fishermen not a charitable man and share Torfi a small amount of food.He absolutely ban giving the dog the tiniest morsel and said that bitch must be killed. Torfi not answer it, but Torfi always stole a bite for the dog when the fisherman slept.That's the time when the bitch was to pup. That dog pupped.When that bitch finished pupping, he gave a fine of chuck mear and let her lie on old sack in the hall, Torfy directly against what the fisherman want. And then he sleep.

But he had not lie down when he is inflame by someone walking about and he cannot figured why. But it turns out iut ti be the fisherman, who wake up and go to hall, turn on the lamp, take that bitch by the scruff of the neck and throws her out.Then he closes the first door, turn off the light, and lies down on his bunk. That place quiet for a while and then the bitch begins to howl outside and the pups to whimper piteously in the hall. Torfi gets up and go to hall , lets that dog in, and she creeps at once over her pup. Then he lay down to sleep.The bitch howl at outside again and the pups to whine, and Torfi Torfason gets up out of bed, lets the bitch in to the pups again, and lay down again. After a little while the fisherman gets up again, lights the lantern, and fares forth. But even soft iron can be whetted sharp, and now Torfi Torfason springs out of bed a third time and out into the hall and against the fisherman.

Torfi Torfason says "you leave the dog alone or both of us will go, I and the dog", and it was only a matter of seconds till he laid hands on his master.They began to fight and the cabin shook with it, and everything fell over and broke.They beat up each other and hit each other, but the fisherman was the more warlike, until Torfi tackled low, grasped him round the waist, and did not let up in the attack until he had the fisherman doubled up with his chin against his knees. Then he opened the door of the cabin and threw him out somewhere into the wide world.
