
Some high-class mineral oils of high viscosity are inclined to emulsify with water, which emulsion
appears as a jelly-like substance. It might be added that high-grade oils having a high viscosity
might not be the most suitable for turbine use.

Since the consumption of oil in a turbine is so very small, being practically due only to leakage
or spilling, the price paid for it should therefore be of secondary importance, the prime consideration
being its suitability for the purpose.

In some cases a central gravity system will be employed, instead of the oil system furnished
with the turbine, which, of course, will be a special consideration.

For large installations a central gravity oiling system has much to recommend it, but as it
performs such an important function in the power plant, and its failure would be the cause
of so much damage, every detail in connection with it should be most carefully thought out,
and designed with a view that under no combination of circumstances would it be possible for
the system to become inoperative. One of the great advantages of such a system is that it can
be designed to contain very large quantities of oil in the settling tanks; thus the oil will
have quite a long rest between the times of its being used in the turbine, which seems to be
very helpful in extending the life of the oil. Where the oil can have a long rest for settling,
an inferior grade of oil may be used, providing, however, that it is absolutely free of acid.

V. PROPER METHOD OF TESTING A STEAM TURBINE[3]

[3] Contributed to Power by Thomas Franklin.

The condensing arrangements of a turbine are perhaps mainly instrumental in determining the
method of test. The condensed steam alone, issuing from a turbine having, for example, a barometric
or jet condenser, cannot be directly measured or weighed, unless by meter, and these at present
are not sufficiently accurate to warrant their use for test purposes, if anything more than
approximate results are desired. The steam consumed can, in such a case, only be arrived at
by measuring the amount of condensing water (which ultimately mingles with the condensed steam),
and subtracting this quantity from the condenser's total outflow. Consequently, in the case
of turbines equipped with barometric or jet condensers, it is often thought sufficient to rely
upon the measurement taken of the boiler feed, and the boiler's initial and final contents.
Turbines equipped with surface-condensing plants offer better facilities for accurate steam-consumption
calculations than those plants in which the condensed exhaust steam and the circulating water
come into actual contact, it being necessary with this type simply to pump the condensed steam
into a weighing or measuring tank.

In the case of a single-flow turbine of the Parsons type, the covers should be taken off and
every row of blades carefully examined for deposits, mechanical irregularities, deflection
from the true radial and vertical positions, etc. The blade clearances also should be gaged
all around the circumference, to insure this clearance being an average working minimum. On
no account should a test be proceeded with when any doubt exists as to the clearance dimensions.

The dummy rings of a turbine, namely, those rings which prevent excessive leakage past the
balancing pistons at the high-pressure end, should have especial attention before a test. A
diagrammatic sketch of a turbine cylinder and spindle is shown in Fig. 60, for the benefit
of those unfamiliar with the subject. In this A is the cylinder or casing, B the spindle or
rotor, and C the blades.
