Object of the present paper is to lift off the curtain felt in popular under standing of  Science. Spiritual leaders say that properly directed will gain their ends and cause produce effects. Question is what are the causes and how they are produced is the subject of this paper.

Reader must be remind on the  two "lsis" in Theosophic doctrines (1) "Cosmos is One", which is of infinite variations and manifestations. (2)Man is
a "Compound Being", living in material entity. In the mystic sense it is succession of seven forms, inter blended with each other and in popular science it is living organ units. Clearly  we can say that the spiritual forms are duplicates of the same aspects, each finer layer lying within the inter atomic space of the next sensual layer. In the Christian spiritual sense spirituality is not mentioned, the reader must understand. In a mirror reflection of man are counter part of atomic conditions, several parts of the "composite man." This is the grosser form. Classification war by 
Theosophists, Spiritualists, Buddhists, Kabalists, or Vedantists etc  may be postponed to another occasion, and it is immaterial as to the various "elements" of the Cosmos of which he forms a part. The other important knowledge need not be explained now. It is not of much concern that the Scientist deny existence of the spiritual factors since the instruments by which they perceive are inadequate, eventually they can observe with better instruments and keener senses to experience.

If you are anxious to drink the nectar of life for a longer period proceed on the assumption and believe our words. Spiritual sensations does not give the hope that desired end can be attained by any other way, the modern science may make fun of this.

ow we strongly determine to crack outer shell of ignorance, literally hatch out by clothing the spiritual way of life. science irrespective of its untiring study and keen observations has not brought out the fact that as serpent can come out of its skin, we can come out  dark of ignorance to light of knowledge.
