This is
a very different matter, and quite within the reach of Occult Science.  In this, as in all
other cases, means properly directed will gain their ends, and causes produce effects. Of course,
the only question is, what are these causes, and how, in their turn, are they to be produced.
To lift, as far as may be allowed, the veil from this aspect of Occultism, is the object of
the present paper.

We must premise by reminding the reader of two Theosophic doctrines, constantly inculcated
in "Isis" and in other mystic works--namely, (a) that ultimately the Kosmos is One--one under
infinite variations and manifestations, and (b) that the so-called man is a "compound being"--
composite not only in the exoteric scientific sense of being a congeries of living so-called
material Units, but also in the esoteric sense of being a succession of seven forms or parts
of itself, interblended with each other.  To put it more clearly we might say that the more
ethereal forms are but duplicates of the same aspect,--each finer one lying within the inter-atomic
spaces of the next grosser.  We would have the reader understand that these are no subtleties,
no "spiritualities" at all in the Christo-Spiritualistic sense.  In the actual man reflected
in your mirror are really several men, or several parts of one composite man;  each the exact
counterpart of the other, but the "atomic conditions" (for want of a better word) of each of
which are so arranged that its atoms interpenetrate those of the next "grosser" form.  It does
not, for our present purpose, matter how the Theosophists, Spiritualists, Buddhists, Kabalists,
or Vedantists, count, separate, classify, arrange or name these, as that war of terms may be
postponed to another occasion.  Neither does it matter what relation each of these men has
to the various "elements" of the Kosmos of which he forms a part. This knowledge, though of
vital importance in other respects, need not be explained or discussed now.  Nor does it much
more concern us that the Scientists deny the existence of such an arrangement, because their
instruments are inadequate to make their senses perceive it.  We will simply reply--"get better
instruments and keener senses, and eventually you will."

All we have to say is that if you are anxious to drink of the "Elixir of Life," and live a
thousand years or so, you must take our word for the matter at present, and proceed on the
assumption.  For esoteric science does not give the faintest possible hope that the desired
end will ever be attained by any other way;  while modern, or so-called exact science--laughs
at it.

So, then, we have arrived at the point where we have determined-- literally, not metaphorically--to
crack the outer shell known as the mortal coil or body, and hatch out of it, clothed in our
next.  This "next" is not spiritual, but only a more ethereal form.  Having by a long training
and preparation adapted it for a life in this atmosphere, during which time we have gradually
made the outward shell to die off through a certain process (hints of which will be found further
on) we have to prepare for this physiological transformation.

How are we to do it?  In the first place we have the actual, visible, material body--Man, so
called;  though, in fact, but his outer shell--to deal with. Let us bear in mind that science
teaches us that in about every seven years we change skin as effectually as any serpent;  and
this so gradually and imperceptibly that, had not science after years of unremitting study
and observation assured us of it, no one would have had the slightest suspicion of the fact.
