But, though the irregular, contradictory,
and unaccountable effects observed in these experiments do not as yet furnish any satisfactory
theory, and though much is to be attributed to the circumambient air, yet the metallic substances
themselves seem to be endowed with properties peculiar to each of them, and it is principally
in consequence of those properties that the produced electricity is sometimes positive, at
other times negative, and various in its intensity.'

Cavallo then proceeds to describe the experiments on contact electrification which were described
in the previous paper referred to at the beginning of the article.

Cavallo's experiments were evidently made in 1795. In the following year Volta announced the
discovery of the electrical current. In a letter written to Gren's Neues Journal der Physik,
August, 1796, Volta says:

'The contact of different conductors, particularly the metallic, including pyrites and other
minerals as well as charcoal, which I call dry conductors, or of the first class with moist
conductors, or conductors of the second class, agitates or disturbs the electric fluid, or
gives it a certain impulse. Do not ask in what manner: it is enough that it is a principle
and a great principle.'

It will be seen that at this stage of his discovery Volta was inclined to attribute tho origin
of the current to the contact between the metals and his moist "conductors of the second class,"
though later in the same article he says it is impossible to tell whether the impulse which
sets the current in motion is to be attributed to the contact between the metals themselves
or between the two metals and the moist conductor, since either supposition would lead to the
same results.

Later, as was shown in the previous paper by the present writer Volta came to regard the metallic
contact as the cause of the electromotive force. In a letter written to Gren in 1797 and published
as a postscript to his letter of August, 1796, Volta says:

'Some new facts, lately discovered, seem to show that the immediate cause which excites the
electric fluid, and puts it in motion, whether it be an attraction or a repulsive power, is
to be ascribed much rather to the mutual contact of two different metals, than to their contact
with moist conductors.'

The new facts, "lately discovered," to which Volta attributes his change of view were his repetitions
of Bennett's experiments of 1789.

Volta apparently thought that the current was not only set up by the contact of the two metals
of a pair, but that it was kept up by the mutual action of the metals on each other. He accordingly
made no attempt to discover whether any changes took place in his circuit while the current
was being generated. The chemical action on his metals and the dissociation in his electrolyte
seem to have entirely escaped his attention. At least, he did not attach enough importance
to them to mention them anywhere in his description of his apparatus.

In the meantime a chemical explanation of the phenomena observed by Galvani had been proposed
in 1792 by Fabroni, a physicist of Florence. After discussing the Sulzer phenomenon already
mentioned in this paper, Fabroni argues that the peculiar taste caused by bringing the two
metals into contact while on the tongue is due to a chemical, rather than to an electrical,
action. He then discusses the different chemical behavior of metals when taken singly and when
placed in contact with other metals. He says:[2]

[2] The following quotations from Fabroni have been translated by the present writer from the
German of Ostwald's "Elektrochemie," pp. 103, ff.
