Though the inconsistencies and deviations found in the result of these expirements do not prove any theory yet, and although most of the significant results can be accounted to the surrounding air, it is shown that metals seem to possess properties that are unique to them which primarily produce electricity that is either positive or negative and which differ in degree.




Cavallo then continues to show the experiments on contact electrification presented at the beginning of the article.


Cavallo's study was started in 1795.  Ayear after, electrical current was discovered by Volta. In a letter to Gren' Neues Journal der Physik, Volta discloses:


"The collission of different metallic elements, including pyrites, charcoal and other minerals which are considered dry conductors or second class conductors,causes eimbalance among the electric fluids. It is not important as to how or in what manner but what is relevant is that e have come up into one great principle."



In this state of his dicovery, Volta intended to account the origin of the current to the coming together of the metals and his so called "second class conductors" eentough, in the latter part of the article he claims that it is not possible to show whether the action which sets the current moving can be accounted to the meeting of the metals themselves or between them and the so called second class conductors since either of the hypothesis would lead to the same results.


Further, as presented by the current writer in the previus paper, Volat considered the mettalic attraction as the cause for the electrical current.Volta, in a letter sent to Gren in 1797, published as a postcript to his letter in August 1796, claims:

"Recent discoveries reveals that what causes motion of the electric fluids is not primarily the cintact between the moist conductors with the metals but the contact between two metallic substances."
 



Volta showed his change of views by repeating Bennett's experiment of 1789.


Volta manifested that the current wasnot only produced simply by the contact between the two metals but by the action made by these metals toward each other.  No further experiment relevant to the changes taking place during current generation was attempted by Volta.  H e didd'nt give consideration on the  chemical action on his metals and dissociation in his electrolytes, as he never made mention of them.





In 1792, Physicist Fabroni of Florence
proposed an observation made by Galvani offering an explanation to the phenomena. Fabroni maintains that the unique taste caused by bringing two metals on the tongue is caused by a chemical reaction and not by an electrical action. He further offered discussions on the chemical behavior of metals as single substance and as one with the others. According to him: (2)




(2)Following are translations of the Fabroni's quotations from German of Ostwald's "Elektrochemie" pp.103, as translated by the current writer.
