When the games were introduced by the Mission here it had been something the people were unaware of.  The people’s lives were very drab, and they did not know of the sporting spirit valued by every Englishman.  In the beginning of the games the teams had to be equal always for fear of the play becoming a battlefield.  Recently it can be witnessed the evening out of the harbor ice kicking a ball by everything in trousers, since it is a very spacious field for athletics. 

For the dog race, twenty two teams have registered and so when all the teams showed up in the line it was a big commotion.  The dogs were constantly barking fiercely at the teams next to them as though they are going to slaughter, the masters trying hard to keep them in control by shouting commands which the dogs just ignored.  The crowd added to the chaos by cheering their favorite teams and it was hard for anyone to guess that they were north of the Roaring Forties.

A scramble for colored candies by all the children of the village was the final event on the sports program, in which our flock from the Home took part.  It did not appear hygienic but nothing happened to the children of the household and they greeted the next day with good health.

I felt ashamed when I came to know of the amount the poor folk had raised for charity out of their scanty allowance.  These people took pride in giving and doing more than their means would let them and some other quarter involved a hard pinch for them.

I was looking for our ‘Yoho’ while returning from the sale at ten but could not find it.  Some of the people from the harbor said they had seen it clearly.  Is there any truth in the common belief that men who are dependent on the sea are more psychic than those who call themselves civilized?  Is it only a superstitious belief?  All the older men who can remember the incident vouch for this story here of a man called Gaulton, who lived in the Savage Cove until the age of ninety.  He was said to have died on December 4, 1883.  but he reappeared in flesh and blood to a friend at Port au Choix which was fifty miles from the place where he had died.  This curious visitation is described as follows by  Shenicks.

“While I was cutting timber for a day and a half in the woods, I could hear footsteps near me in the snow.  But I did not see anything.  On the second evening I returned home due to heavy rain.  Even when I was sure that the cattle had plenty of food, I went to take a look at the hay-pook, since I was driven by some inner force.  I found myself standing face to face with old George Gaulton.  He did not frighten me.  We talked for sometime standing in the rain.  While we were talking the old man asked me to deliver a message to his son before the month of March ended.  When he disappeared immediately after saying this I felt a terrible fear in me.”

The message was conveyed by Shenicks in a odd way after a few weeks traveling all the way to Savage Cove.

Here I close with a word of confession.  I have spoken harshly of a drink called “brewis” in a letter which I wrote earlier to you.  When I am near my countrymen I find our own delicacies meet with a similar end.  When I offered Carmen a cup of cocoa for Sunday supper on her arrival, even though she was a polite child I could see her secretly empty the “hemlock cup” out of the open window on the rear.  

May 23
