It is a far cry from the days when games were introduced here by the
Mission. Then the people's lives were so drab, and they had little idea of the sporting qualities
which every Englishman values so highly. In those early days if in a game of football one side
kicked a goal, they had to wait till the other had done the same before the game could proceed,
or the play would have been turned into a battle. Now everything in trousers in the place can
be seen of an evening out on the harbour ice kicking a ball about. The harbour is our very
roomy athletic field.

Twenty-two teams had entered for the dog race, and the start, when the whole number were ranged
up in the line, was pandemonium unloosed. The dogs were barking out threatenings and slaughter
to the teams next them, their masters were shouting unheeded words of command, the crowd were
cheering their favourites, and altogether you would never have guessed from the racket and
confusion that you were north of the Roaring Forties.

The last event on the sports programme was a scramble for coloured candies by all the children
of the village. Our flock from the Home participated. The proceeding was as unhygienic as it
was alluring, and our surprise was great when a universally healthy household greeted the morrow
morn.

When I heard the amount the poor folk had raised for charity out of their meagre pittance,
I felt reproached. It is a consistent fact here that the people give and do more than their
means justify, and it must involve a hard pinch for them in some other quarter.

Coming from the sale at ten at night I looked for our "Yoho" in passing the churchyard, but
was unrewarded, though some of the harbour people assured me in the morning that they had seen
it plainly. Can there be anything in the current belief that the men of the sea are more psychic
than we case-hardened products of civilization, or is it merely superstition? There is a story
here of a man called Gaulton, which is vouched for by all the older men who can recall the
incident. It seems that in Savage Cove this old George Gaulton lived till he was ninety. He
died on December 4, 1883. On the 16th he appeared in the flesh to a former acquaintance at
Port au Choix, fifty miles from the spot at which he had died. This man Shenicks gives the
following account of the curious visitation:

"I was in the woods cutting timber for a day and a half. During the whole of that time I was
sure I heard footsteps near me in the snow, although I could see nothing. On the evening of
the second day, in consequence of heavy rain, I returned home early. I knew my cattle had plenty
of food, but something forced me to go to the hay-pook. While there, in a few moments I stood
face to face with old George Gaulton. I was not frightened. We stood in the rain and talked
for some time. In the course of the conversation the old man gave me a message for his eldest
son, and begged me to deliver it to him myself before the end of March. Immediately afterwards
he disappeared, and then I was terribly afraid."

A few weeks later Shenicks went all the way to Savage Cove and delivered the message given
to him in so strange a fashion.

A word of apology and I close. In an early letter to you I recall judging harshly a concoction
called "brewis." Experience here has taught me that our own delicacies meet with a similar
fate at the hands of my present fellow countrymen. I offered Carmen on her arrival a cup of
cocoa for Sunday supper. After one sniff, biddable and polite child though she was, I saw her
surreptitiously pour the "hemlock cup" out of the open window behind her.

  May 23

