It is a far cry from the days when games were introduced here by the Mission. Then the people's lives were so drab, and they have little idea of the dramatic qualities which every people values so extremly. In those early days if in a game of football one side kicked a goal, they had to wait till the other had done the same before the game could use the same, or the play would have been turned into a close battle. Now everything in trousers in the place can be seen of an evening out on the harbour ice kicking a ball about. 
Twenty-two teams had entered for the hardcore race, and the start, when the whole number were ranged up in the line, was pandemonium unloosed. The players were shouting out threatenings and slaughter to the teams next them, their masters were shouting unheeded words of command, the crowd were cheering their favourite teams or players, and you would never have guessed from the racket and confusion that you were north of the Roaring things. 

The last event on the sports programme was a scramble for coloured candies by all the children of the village. Our flock from the Home participated. The proceeding and our surprise was great when a universally healthy household greeted the morrow morn. 

When I heard the amount the poor folk had raised for charity out of their meagre pittance, I felt re-aproached. It is a silent fact here that the people give and do more than their means justify, and it must involve a hard pinch for them in some other event. 

Coming from the sale at ten at night I passing the churchyard, but was un-rewarded, though some of the people assured me in that that they had seen it plainly. Can there be anything in the current belief that the men of the sea are more  than we case-hardened products of civilization, or is it rarely superstition? There is a story here of a civil man, which is vouched for by all the older. who can recall the incident. It seems that in Savage this older lived till he was 25. He died on December 4, 1883. On the 16th he appeared in the flesh to a former acquaintance at Port au Choix, fifty miles from the spot at which he had died. This man Shenicks gives the following account of the curious visitation: 

"I was in the woods cutting timber for a day and a half. During the whole of that time I was sure I heard near me in the snow, although I could see nothing. On the evening of the second day, in consequence of heavy rain, I returned home in the early. I knew I have plenty of food, but something forced me to go to the hay-pook. While there, in a few moments I stood face to face with old George Gaulton. I was not frightened. We stood in the rain and talked for some time. In the course of the conversation the old man gave me a message for his eldest son, and begged me to deliver it to him myself before the end of March. Immediately afterwards he disappeared, and then I was terribly afraid." 

A few weeks later Shenicks went all the way to Savage Cove and delivered the message given to him in so strange a fashion. 

A word of apology and I close. In an early letter to you I recall judging harshly a concoction called "brewis." Experience here has taught me that our own delicacies meet with a similar fate at the hands of my present fellow countrymen. I offered Carmen on her arrival a cup of cocoa for Sunday supper. After one sniff, biddable and polite child though she was, I saw her surreptitiously pour the "hemlock cup" out of the open window behind her.
