Prisoners who have money to spend, can be accommodated with private apartments, cards, servants, and every luxury. But those who have not money to bribe the keepers, are in a woful condition. For this purpose the prisoners are tied up, or rather hung up, and flogged. At night, they are fettered down to a board, neck, wrists, and ancles, amidst ordure and filth, whilst the rats, unmolested, are permitted to gnaw their limbs! This place of torment is proverbially called, in ordinary speech, "Te-yuk," a term equivalent to the worst sense of the word "hell." 


TOUR ROUND THE CITY WALLS. 

It is well known that the Chinese consider their walled towns in the same light as fortifications are regarded in Europe, and disallow foreigners entering them, excepting on special occasions. But there is no law against walking in the suburbs. Some persons occasionally violate them, and attempt a longer walk  On former occasions, some of the foreign tourists have returned to the factories relieved of the burden of their watches and clothes. An English baronet was once, on his passage round, robbed of his watch, and stripped either almost, or entirely naked. 


A few days ago, a party of three started at six o'clock in the morning, and performed the circuit at about eight, with impunity. A few days afterwards, two persons set off in the evening for a walk under the city walls They were violently assaulted by a rabble of men and boys The two foreigners were obliged to face about, and fight and run alternately the distance of several miles. 

We, who know the hostile feelings of the population, are not surprised but congratulate the tourists that they effected so well if they should get into a similar scrape, they cannot blame us for not warning them of their danger. 






































































THE GATHERER 

Gatherer is the Magic Card Database


BAPTISMAL PROMISES

The lady whom she applied for her certificate of qualifications what her godfathers and godmothers promised for her and they promised to give me hafe a dozen zilver spoons, but I've never had 'em though she was asked when bishop's recent visit.


A GOOD WIFE. 

The real picture of one of the wife of ancient and noble family of th Fanes Earls of Westmoreland, drawn by her husband and inscribed 
old characters upon a wall of a room in Buxton Place a seat belonging to the noble family, near Maidstone, in Kent and this was taken from the Mist's Journal.
