Prisoners, who can support themselves, can live in private apartments, use cards, and have servants and other luxuries. The prisoners are freed of chains and fetters which are then spread against the wall, until the final hour that marks the end of the ceremony; after which the fetters are put where they can't harm anybody. Those who can't bribe the keepers are disadvantaged. They are not relieved of their suffering and in addition to this, infliction of punishment is increased with the aim of getting money illegally to provide offerings for the god of jail. In this case the prisoners are rounded up and flogged after being tied. The prison rats are permitted, at night, to bite prisoners' limbs, while they are feted down to a board, neck, wrists, and ankles as they languish in the middle of ordure and filth. In a common language this place of suffering is known as "Te-yuk," a term that is not even comparable to the word "hell."

TOUR ROUND THE CITY WALLS
Chinese view their walled towns as fortifications in the same manner Europeans consider theirs. Chinese does not let foreigners into these towns except on special occasions. Foreigners can however walk in the suburbs. Europeans in China are limited to shorter walks but some of them sometimes ignore the limit and try to have longer walks. On past incidences, some of the foreign tourists have been robbed of their watches and clothes.
Some days ago, three individuals started a party at six o'clock in the morning till eight but few days afterwards they were attacked by a group of men and boys who used bludgeons, brickbats, and stones to inflict serious wounds. These wounds actually endangered the foreigners' lives that were forced to escape by running several miles.
Since we understand the inhumane feelings of the population, we are not amused but rather congratulate the tourists for their perfect escape.

THE GATHERER
"A group of unimportant trifles"
SHAKSPEARE.

BAPTISMAL PROMISES.
A clergyman asked one of her subjects what she was promised by her godfathers and godmothers, who naively answered that she knew that they promised to give her six silver spoons but she has never received them.

A GOOD WIFE.
The actual portrait of a fine lady who is the wife to one of the ancient and high profile family of the Fanes, Earls of Westmoreland. This portrait was drawn by her husband, and put upon a wall of a room in Buxton Place, in a seat owned by this noble family, near Maidstone, Kent--Adopted from Mist's Journal.
