We headed north, encountering the Apache and "Beaver Indians" whom we had battled and been defeated by many times before. Later, we ran in to the Mashongnavi, which is the ruins located at the "Giant's Chair", where we built our houses. 

The Apaches came to us again, with the Comanche. We all lived in the shadow of the Mashongnavi in peace for many years. We grew many crops, and our people multiplied exponentially.

One day, the Apache came in massive hordes and set fire to our houses, and torched our crops, which you can still see today, burnt and charred. After our dwellings had been destroyed and our food sources eliminated, we traveled forth to the mesa, and have dwelled there since.

The Mashongnavi ruins have not been examined, but the later village from which they were driven by the Apache attacks have been surveyed. The layout of the fallen walls and lines of debris from which much of the old pueblo can still be seen is given in PI. II.

The layout of the most preserved portion of the pueblo at the north end of the sheet shows quite clearly a general adherence to the enclosed court arrangement, with a similar pattern of a modern village.

Other than the clearly visible portions of the ruin that still shows a strong resemblance to modern villages, several small groups and clusters appear to have been scattered along the foothills, but it is not clear if these groups were connected with the main town or not. 

Occasional signs of foundation walls strongly suggest that these outlying buildings were part of the town, although it's difficult to tell. Aside from the main grouping described, the houses occupy very disjointed sites. As shown on the plan, the slope is interrupted by huge irregular groupings of stone that protrudes from the soil, while much of the surface is covered by shards that have fallen from neighboring rock clusters and ledges.

The contours of the stone indicate the general characteristics of the slopes, over which these irregular features are disposed. The small section of ledge shown on the north end of the table, against which a section of the main grouping has been built, is a section of a huge ledge of sandstone that holds up the low buttes upon which the modern day villages of Mashongnavi and Shupaúlovi are built. It is a broad, level shelf of solid rock for many miles along the mesa, and it continues on the side opposite that shown in the plate may be seen in the view of the Shupaulovi. (PI. XXXI).

SHITAIMUVI.

The ruins of another ancient village that is known as the Shitaimuvi, are found in the general area of Mashongnavi, and they occupy the top of a gentle foothill on the southeast side of the mesa. Unfortunately, there were no plans of these ruins that were obtainable, because of the total ruination of the walls. There were no visible foundation stones, though the area is more or less encapsulated with old masonry stones. 

There is a great quantity of pottery fragments scattered around the surface. They strongly resemble the "Talla Hogan" or "Awatubi", and suggest that this pueblo was built in the same time period as the latter. Some references to this ruin can be found in the traditionary material in Chapter I.

AWATUBI.
