
  We turned and came to the north, meeting the Apache and “Beaver
  Indians,” with whom we had many battles, and being few we were
  defeated, after which we came up to Mashongnavi [the ruin at the
  “Giant’s Chair”] and gave that rock its name [name not known], and
  built our houses there. The Apache came upon us again, with the
  Comanche, and then we came to [Old Mashóngnavi]. We lived there in
  peace many years, having great success with crops, and our people
  increased in numbers, and the Apache came in great numbers and set
  fire to the houses and burned our corn, which you will find to-day
  there burnt and charred. After they had destroyed our dwellings we
  came upon the mesa, and have lived here since.

The ruins referred to as having been the first occupied by the Mashongnavi at a large isolated
rock known as the “Giant’s Chair,” have not been examined. The later village from which they
were driven by the attacks of the Apache to their present site has been surveyed. The plan
of the fallen walls and lines of débris by which the form of much of the old pueblo can still
be traced is given in Pl. II. The plan of the best preserved portion of the pueblo towards
the north end of the sheet clearly indicates a general adherence to the inclosed court arrangement
with about the same degree of irregularity that characterizes the modern village. Besides the
clearly traceable portions of the ruin that bear such resemblance to the present village in
arrangement, several small groups and clusters appear to have been scattered along the slope
of the foothills, but in their present state of destruction it is not clear whether these clusters
were directly connected with the principal group, or formed part of another village. Occasional
traces of foundation walls strongly suggest such connection, although from the character of
the site this intervening space could hardly have been closely built over. With the exception
of the main cluster above described the houses occupy very broken and irregular sites. As indicated
on the plan, the slope is broken by huge irregular masses of sandstone protruding from the
soil, while much of the surface is covered by scattered fragments that have fallen from neighboring
pinnacles and ledges. The contours indicate the general character of the slopes over which
these irregular features are disposed. The fragment of ledge shown on the north end of the
plate, against which a part of the main cluster has been built, is a portion of a broad massive
ledge of sandstone that supports the low buttes upon which the present villages of Mashongnavi
and Shupaúlovi are built, and continues as a broad, level shelf of solid rock for several miles
along the mesa promontory. Its continuation on the side opposite that shown in the plate may
be seen in the general view of Shupaulovi (Pl. XXXI).

SHITAIMUVI.

The vestiges of another ruined village, known as Shitaimuvi, are found in the vicinity of Mashongnavi,
occupying and covering the crown of a rounded foothill on the southeast side of the mesa. No
plan of this ruin could be obtained on account of the complete destruction of the walls. No
line of foundation stones even could be found, although the whole area is more or less covered
with the scattered stones of former masonry. An exceptional quantity of pottery fragments is
also strewn over the surface. These bear a close resemblance to the fine class of ware characteristic
of “Talla Hogan” or “Awatubi,” and would suggest that this pueblo was contemporaneous with
the latter. Some reference to this ruin win be found in the traditionary material in Chapter I.

AWATUBI.
