It was my third night in detention. There were fifteen of us. All the arrangements for our escape had been made. Each of us drew a straw and the one who drew the short straw would escape next. Eight of us had already managed to successfully escape, and evade the gaze of the nearby sentinel, when I finally drew the short straw. Seven of us were left and I was next.

I took off my clothes to allow me to go through the narrow hole with greater ease. Unfortunately for myself and the others, I got stuck in the hole. I could neither advance forward nor go back. I received help from fellow detainees but with no avail. The pain grew increasing intense and I could not stand it any longer, I called out to the guard for help. The surprised guard was very cautious and warned me not to make even the tiniest of movements. He called for help and another guard and several porters, with torches, came running to his aide. 

I was dragged out of the hole bloodied and without a small part of my flesh. At once I was transferred to the prison of Petit Hotel, where I was bound hand and foot and imprisoned in a dungeon. I continuously reassured the guards that I would not try another escape and kept to my best behaviour for ten days. I was then placed with the other prisoners where I met Bruxellois, the Daring, and the following paragraph is about him:

Although many different spots have been linked to this event, it actually happened around Lille. A small bunch of farmers had laid a trap to keep out robbers and keep their farm safe. They had left a small opening in the shutter so that anyone who tried to sneak in from the outside would have their hand caught in a slip knot as they tried to lift the adjacent hatch. Unfortunately this happened to Bruxellois and his left hand was caught in the knot when he tried to enter the farm with his comrades one night. Daybreak was approaching and the other robbers began to grow anxious. The farmers had by now been awakened by the noise but did not dare to confront the robbers as they thought the gang was much larger than it was. 

Bruxellois realised that if he didn’t get free anytime soon, the others would turn on him and knock him out to avoid being discovered. Bruxellois, the Daring, took out his clasp knife and cut off his wrist at the joint. He fought through the pain and escaped with the others. This tale is well authenticated in the northern districts where many remember Bruxellois, also known as Manchot (or one-armed), and his execution.
 
[Vidocq at length escapes, quits Lille, and flies to Ostend, to join a bunch of smugglers.] 

I was directed to a man named, Peters, he was engaged in the pursuit and was able to introduce me to it. I went to his house. A sea-gull was nailed on his door. It had extended wings. The cellar was more like a naval port, it sails, ropes, hammocks and oars.

There was a lot of thick smoke around and Peters stood there looking at me venomously. I tried to offer my services but before I knew it, he was furiously throwing punches at me. I was totally shocked by this and I just froze, I neither defended nor ran for it. To my further surprise I saw a handful of sailors and a Newfoundland dog in the cout-yard!
