The third night of my detention all was managed for our escape, and eight of the
prisoners who first went out were so fortunate as to avoid being detected by the sentinel,
who was only a short distance off.

Seven of us still remained, and we drew straws, as is usual in such circumstances, to determine
which of the seven should first pass. I drew the short straw, and undressed myself that I might
get with greater ease through the hole, which was very narrow, but to the great disappointment
of all, I stuck fast without the possibility of advancing or receding. In vain did my companions
endeavour to pull me out by force, I was caught as if in a trap, and the pain of my situation
was so extreme, that not expecting further help from within, I called to the sentry to render
me assistance. He approached with the precaution of a man who fears a surprise, and presenting
his bayonet to my breast, forbade me to make the slightest movement. At his summons the guard
came out, the porters ran with torches, and I was dragged from my hole, not without leaving
behind me a portion of my skin and flesh. Torn and wounded as I was, they immediately transferred
me to the prison of Petit Hotel, when I was put into a dungeon, fettered hand and foot.

Ten days afterwards I was placed amongst the prisoners, through my intreaties and promises
not to attempt again to escape.

[Here he meets with a fellow named Bruxellois, the Daring, of whom the following anecdote is
related:--]

At the moment of entering a farm with six of his comrades, he thrust his left hand through
an opening in the shutter to lift the latch, but when he was drawing it back, he found that
his wrist had been caught in a slip knot. Awakened by the noise, the inhabitants of the farm
had laid this snare, although too weak to go out against a band of robbers which report had
magnified as to numbers. But the attempt being thus defeated, day was fast approaching, and
Bruxellois saw his dismayed comrades looking at each other with doubt, when the idea occurred
to him that to avoid discovery they would knock out his brains. With his right hand he drew
out his clasp knife with a sharp point, which he always had about him, and cutting off his
wrist at the joint, fled with his comrades without being stopped by the excessive pain of his
horrid wound. This remarkable deed, which has been attributed to a thousand different spots,
really occurred in the vicinity of Lille, and is well authenticated in the northern districts,
where many persons yet remember to have seen the hero of this tale, who was thence called Manchot,
(or one-armed,) executed.

[Vidocq at length escapes, quits Lille, and flies to Ostend, where he joins a crew of smugglers.]

It was with real repugnance that I went to the house of a man named Peters, to whom I was directed,
as one deeply engaged in the pursuit, and able to introduce me to it. A sea-gull nailed on
his door with extended wings, like the owls and weasels that we see on barns, guided me. I
found the worthy in a sort of cellar, which by the ropes, sails, oars, hammocks, and barrels
which filled it, might have been taken for a naval depot. From the midst of a thick atmosphere
of smoke which surrounded him, he viewed me at first with a contempt which had not a good appearance,
and my conjectures were soon realized, for I had scarcely offered my services than he fell
upon me with a shower of blows. I could certainly have resisted him effectually, but astonishment
had in a measure deprived me of the power of defence; and I saw besides, in the court-yard,
half-a-dozen sailors and an enormous Newfoundland dog, which would have been powerful odds.
