
     Rose o' my heart, a rose is sweet
       And fresh as dew.
     Some have thorns, but, Rose o' my heart,
       None have you.

     Rose o' my heart, this day wear
       My roses, do!
     For next to my heart, Rose o' my heart,
       I wear you."

"My Dear" was written for her baby brother, during an absence from home, and is Miss Clark's
favorite.

She is in the office of the Extension Department at the University of Kansas, and has exclusive
charge of club programs and does some work in package libraries.

Just now she is contributing prose to some of the newspapers and doing some splendid feature work.

MARY VANCE HUMPHREY.

Mary Vance Humphrey of Junction City, Kansas, has written a series of short stories on the
property rights of women in Kansas, a subject that was and is, still, of vital importance to
the women of the state. "The Legal Status of Mrs. O'Rourke" and "King Lear in Kansas" are two
of the series.

When young in heart and experience, Mrs. Humphrey wrote a number of poems. Her work in later
years has been only prose. Her novel, "The Squatter Sovereign" is an historical romance of
pioneer days, the settlement of Kansas in the fifties.

Mrs. Humphrey is one of the founders of the Kansas State Social Science Club and the Woman's
Kansas Day Club and the founder of the Reading Club of Junction City. She has served as President
of the State Federation and as Director of the General Federation of Women's Clubs and President
of the Woman's Kansas Day Club. Her work as member of the Board of Education has done much
for Junction City and her interest in libraries has done equally as much for the State of Kansas.

Of her record as an official, Margaret Hill McCarter has written: "Her whole soul is in her
work. She is the genuine metal, shirking nothing, cheapening nothing, and withal happy in the
enjoyment of her obligation. She stands for patriotism, progress and peace. Something of the
message of the shepherds heard out beyond Bethlehem that Christmas morning long ago sounds
in the chords she strikes."

As the wife of the late Judge James Humphrey, she proved herself the able companion of such
a worthy man.

KATE A. APLINGTON.

The Kansas State Traveling Art Gallery owes its birth and much of its success to Kate A. Aplington,
the author of that typical western story, "Pilgrims of the Plains." Since Feb., 1907, the Art
Gallery has been a recognized state institution, and as its Vice-President and Superintendent
and as the writer of the art lectures that accompany the work, Mrs. Aplington's broad-minded,
artistic temperament and student's persistency have made the gallery truly a work of art.

At present, the Aplingtons are living at Miami, Florida, but for a quarter of a century, Council
Grove, the most famous spot on the Santa Fe Trail, was their home. Special investigations and
researches on the subject of the old Santa Fe Trail days and lecturers on educational and literary
topics resulted from years spent in that historic place.

"Pilgrims of the Plains," which came out in Feb., 1913, is worthy of a place in the front rank
of western stories. In July of this year, Grossett and Dunlap will bring it out in their "Popular
Edition" of novels.

Mrs. Aplington is now working on a book on "Art-Museums of America" and judging from the comments
of prominent Museum Directors, this will be as great a success as her novel. "Florida of the
Reclamation," a character story with scenes laid in and around Miami, Florida, is also in preparation.

EMMA UPTON VAUGHN.

The author of that versatile little book of short stories, "The Lower Bureau Drawer" is Emma
Upton Vaughn, a Kansas City, Kansas teacher.
