ose o' my heart, a rose is sweet And fresh as dew. Some have thorns, but, Rose o' my heart, None have you.

Rose o' my heart, this day wear My roses, do! For next to my heart, Rose o' my heart, I wear you."

Miss Clark's favorite, "My Dear", was written for he baby brother during an absence from home.

Miss Clark now works at Kansas University in the Extension Department. She is in charge of club programs and sporadically works in package libraries.

MARY VANCE HUMPHREY.

Mary Vance Humphrey of Junction City, Kansas, has written a series of short stories on the property rights of women in Kansas.  This is a vital topic to the women of Kansas.  The series includes titles such as,  "The Legal Status of Mrs. O'Rourke" and "King Lear in Kansas".

As a younger woman Mrs. Humphrey was a poet.  Recently she shifted her efforts toward prose exclusively.  Her historical novel, "The Squatter Sovereign", is a romance of pioneer days, specifically the settlement of Kansas in the fifties.

Mrs. Humphrey founded the Reading Club of Junction City, and was one of the founders of the Woman's Kansas Day Club and the Kansas State Social Science Club.  She has served as Director of the General Federation of Women's Clubs, President of the Woman's Kansas Day Club and as President of the State Federation. Her tenure on the Board of Education has done much for Junction City and her passion for libraries has done just as much for Kansas.

Margaret Hill McCarter has written about her record as an official: "Her whole soul is in her work. She is the genuine metal, shirking nothing, cheapening nothing, and withal happy in the enjoyment of her obligation. She stands for patriotism, progress and peace. Something of the message of the shepherds heard out beyond Bethlehem that Christmas morning long ago sounds in the chords she strikes."

As the widow of the late Judge James Humphrey, she has shown herself to be an able wife of such a deserving man.

KATE A. APLINGTON.

The Kansas State Traveling Art Gallery owes its founding and much of its success to Kate A. Aplington.  Aplingto, the author of a recognizable western story, "Pilgrims of the Plains." The Art Gallery has been a recognized state institution since Feb., 1907. As Vice-President and Superintendent of the gallery, and as writer of the art lectures that accompany the work, Mrs. Aplington's artistic and innovative nature coupled with the tennacity of a student have made the gallery the work of art it is today.

At present, the Aplingtons are living in Miami, Florida. For twenty five years prior to that, Council Grove was their home, the most famous location on the Santa Fe Trail. Investigations and research of the old Santa Fe Trail days and lecturers on several educational and literary topics came about from the years spent in that historical place.

"Pilgrims of the Plains," published in Feb., 1913, is a story worthy of a place in the front rank of westerns. In July of this year, Grossett and Dunlap will republish it in their "Popular Edition" of novels.

Mrs. Aplington is now working on a book about "Art-Museums of America" and based on the comments of notable Museum Directors, this will be a great success much like her novel. "Florida of the Reclamation," a character set in and around Miami, Florida, is also in the works.

EMMA UPTON VAUGHN.

Emma Upton Vaughn, a Kansas City, Kansas teacher, is the author of the little book of short stories called "The Lower Bureau Drawer".
