This injunction was, I take it, the origin of the licensing of the press of this country. On
the 23d June, 28 Eliz. 1586 (not 1585, as in Strype), {426} Archbishop Whitgift and the Lords
of the Privy Council in the Star Chamber made rules and ordinances for redressing abuses in
printing. No printing-press was to be allowed elsewhere than in London (except one in each
University); and no book was to be printed until first seen and perused by the Archbishop of
Canterbury or Bishop of London; with an exception in favour of the queen's printer, and books
of the common law, which were to be allowed by the Chief Justices and Chief Baron, or one of
them. Extensive and arbitrary powers of search for unlicensed books and presses were also given
to the wardens of the Stationers' Company. (Strype's Life of Archbishop Whitgift, 222.; Records,
No.XXIV.) On the 1st July, 1637, another decree of a similar character was made by the Court
of Star Chamber. (Rushworth's Historical Collections, Part ii. p.450.) The Long Parliament,
although it dissolved the Star Chamber, seems to have had no more enlightened views as respects
the freedom of the press than Queen Elizabeth or the Archbishops Whitgift and Laud; for on
the 14th June, 1643, the two Houses made an ordinance prohibiting the printing of any order
or declaration of either House, without order of one or both Houses; or the printing or sale
of any book, pamphlet, or paper, unless the same were approved and licensed under the hands
of such persons as both or either House should appoint for licensing the same. (Parliamentary
History, xii. 298.) The names of the licensers appointed are given in Neal's History of the
Puritans (ed. 1837, ii. 205.).

On the 28th September, 1647, the Lords and Commons passed a still more severe ordinance, which
imposed pains and penalties on all persons printing, publishing, selling, or uttering any book,
pamphlet, treatise, ballad, libel, or sheet of news, without the licence of both, or either
House of Parliament, or such persons as should be thereunto authorised by one or both Houses.
Offending hawkers, pedlars, and ballad-chappers were to be whipped as common rogues. (Parliamentary
History, xvi. 309.) We get some insight into the probable cause of this ordinance from a letter
of Sir Thomas Fairfax to the Earl of Manchester, dated "Putney, 20th Sept., 1647." He complains
of some printed pamphlets, very scandalous and abusive, to the army in particular, and the
whole kingdom in general; and expresses his desire that these, and all of the like nature,
might be suppressed for the future. (Lords' Journals, ix. 457.) Gilbert Mabbott was accordingly
appointed licenser of such weekly papers as should be printed, but resigned the situation 22nd
May, 1649. (Commons' Journals, vi. 214.) It seems he had conscientious objections to the service,
for elsewhere it is recorded, under the same date, "Upon Mr. Mabbott's desire and reasons against
licensing of books to be printed, he was discharged of that imployment." (Whitelock's Memorials,
389.) On the 20th September, 1649, was passed a parliamentary ordinance prohibiting printing
elsewhere than in London, the two Universities, York, and Finsbury, without the licence of
the Council of State (Scobell's Ordinances, Part ii. 90.); and on the 7th January, 1652-3,
the Parliament passed another ordinance for the suppression of unlicensed and scandalous books.
(Scobell's Ordinances, Part ii. 231.) In 1661 a bill for the regulation of printing passed
the Lords, but was rejected by the Commons on account of the peers having inserted a clause
exempting their own houses from search; but in 1662 was passed the statute 13 & 14 Car.
