his exhortation was, I suppose, the casuation for the sancationing of the national press. On June 23, 28 Eliz, 1586 (as opposed to 1585 quoted in Strype), {426} Archbishop Whitgift and the Lords of the Privy Council from the Star Chamber legislated principles towards the purpose of counteracting corruption in the printing profession. No pressworks were to be located anywhere other than in London (though one each was permitted in Universities); and no tome was to be printed until it was reviewed by the Archbishop of Canterbury or the Bishop of London; with an exemption favoring the Queen's printer, and works of non-statutory law, which were to be obliged by the Chief Justices and Chief Baron, or either of them. Overarching and absolute jurisdiction regarding search for proscribed books and printing works was also granted to the managers of the Stationers' Company (see Strype's Life of Archbishop Whitgift, 222.; Records, No.XXIV.) It came to pass that on July 1, 1637, an additional mandate of similar substance was issued by the Court of Star Chamber. (see Rushworth's Historical Collections, Part ii. p.450.) The Long Parliament, in spite of having disestablished the Star Chamber, appears to have had no more progressive attitudes regarding Freedom of the Press than did Queen Elizabeth or the Archbishops Whitgift and Laud; for come June 14, 1643, both Houses passed an ordinance barring the printing of any injunction or resolution of either congress, without the express consent of one or both Houses; or the publishment or vending of any book, brochure, or thesis, unless these were passed and certified by such individuals as both or either House deigned to commission for licensing the same. (Parliamentary History, xii. 298.) The names of the officials appointed as such are listed in Neal's History of the Puritans (ed. 1837, ii. 205.)

On September 28, 1647, the Lords and Commons enacted an even more stringent ordinance, which prescribed suffering and fines for any person printing, publishing, marketing, or reading aloud any book, brochure, treatment, song, potentially libelous tract, or newspaper, without having been licensed by either or both Houses of Parliament, or by persons authorized by same to perform such service. Culpable vendors, peddlers, and "troubadours", were to be remanded for flogging as common criminals. (Parliamentary History, xvi. 309.) Some light is thrown upon the likely motivation for the ordinance by correspondence sent to the Earl of Manchester by Sir Thomas Fairfax, datelined "Putney, 20th Sept., 1647." Sir Thomas deplores the existence of some printed flyers, maligning and slanderous, to the Army particularly, and to the Commonwealth generally; and asserts his wish that these, and similar tracts, be abrogated from here on out. (Lords' Journals, ix. 457.) Gilbert Mabbott was, as a consequence, directed to be licenser of these sorts of weekly sheets as might be published, but resigned the position on May 22, 1649 (Commons' Journals, vi. 214.) Evidently, he had onscientious convictions against the assignment, for in other records is found, ascribed to the same date, "Upon Mr. Mabbott's wish and motivations against the licensing of printed publications, he was released from his post." (Whitelock's Memorials, 389.) On September 20, 1649, a parliamentary ordinance was enacted enjoining printing in anyplace other than London, and York and Finsbury Universities, without licensure from the Council of State (Scobell's Ordinances, Part ii. 90.); and on January 7, 1652-3, Parliament approved another ordinance for blocking the distribution of unlicensed and opprobrious books. (Scobell's Ordinances, Part ii. 231.) In 1661, a bill for the administration of printing was approved for passage by the House of Lords, but was then scrapped by the House of Commons because the peers had attached a section excusing their residences from any searches; however, in 1662, they passed the statute 13 and 14 Car.
