Unlike other chemical agents, this particular caustic does not cause as much pain and inflammation. To protect the tendons from becoming hard and rigid, Sloan's liniment which contains ceder oil can be applied directly to the tendons. The following homemade remedies can also be used.

334. DEGRAY, OR SLOAN'S HORSE LINIMENT 

Ingredients:

4 oz. rosin
8 oz. lard
2 oz. honey
Spirits of turpentine (less than a pint)

Combine the above ingredients together in a pan and heat it over the fire until everything dissolves and starts to boil. Then gradually add the turpentine while stirring continuosly. Remove the pan from the fire and set aside to cool. This liniment is ideal to cure the following horse injuries:

A bruised flesh or hoof.
Broken knees and cracked heels.
Galled backs and bites.
If a horse is gelded. 

Another remarkable property of the ointment is it keeps flies at bay.

335. NERVE AND BONE LINIMENT 

Ingredients:

1 quart beef's gall 
1 pint alcohol
1 lb. volatile liniment 
1 lb spirits of turpentine 
4 oz. oil of origanum 
4 oz. aqua ammonia
1/2 pint of tincture of cayenne 
3 oz. oil of amber 
6 oz.tincture of spanish fly 

Mix the above ingredients by shaking it together thoroughly. 

336. TO CURE FOUNDERS IN 24 HOURS

Ingredients:

Oat straw (boil or steam)
Wet woolen rags
1 gallon blood extracted from the vein in the neck.
1 quart of linseed oil.

Take the oat straw and prepare by boiling or steaming it. While still hot, wrap the straw around the legs of the animal and use the wet woolen rags to cover the straw to keep in the heat.
Keep changing the dressing every six hours. Remove the blood from the neck vein and give the horse the linseed oil. The animal can be put to work the following day.

337. TO CURE COLIC IN TEN MINUTES

Ingredients:

1 oz. of oil of juniper
1 oz. of laudanum
2 ozs. of sweet spirits of nitre.
pint of gruel

First, allow the horse to bleed from its mouth freely. Then take the above ingredients and mix it thoroughly and finally add the gruel. Soak the animal with the mixture.

338. GARGLING OIL

Ingredients:

1 quart tanner's oil 
2 oz. oil of vitriol 
1 oz. spirits of turpentine 

Combine the above ingredients together and put in bottles. The bottles should be left open for the solution is now ready to be used.

339. MERCHANT'S GARGLING OIL

Ingredients:

2 1/2 gallons linseed oil 
2 1/2 gallons spirits of turpentine
1 gallon western petroleum 
8 oz liquor potass 
1 oz. sap green 

Combine the above ingredients together. The gargling solution is now ready to be used.

340. PURGING BALLS

Ingredients:

3 oz. aloes
3 oz. anise seed
castile soap

Grind the aloes and anise seed and add the castille soap to it. Make sure all three ingredients are mixed together well. One purging ball can be made from this mixture.

341. URINE BALLS

Ingredients:

1/2 lb. white resin, 
1/2 lb castile soap
1/2 pint venice turpentine

Combine the above ingredients together and make into butternut-size balls. On the first day, feed the horse three balls, on the second day, feed it two and on the third day, one ball. 

342. FOR THE HEAVES

Ingredients:

1/2 drachm of nitric acid
pint of sweet milk

Combine the nitric acid with the sweet milk and give it to the horse. The treatment should be administered once in two days, once in three days, and once in four days. 

Although the above treatment is used by many for their horses, there is another ideal and better remedy for heaves which is made with fresh sumack tops. 

Take two to three bunches of fresh sumack tops and break it and mix into the horse's food thrice a day. If the condition of the heaves is really bad, this treatment will not be effective.

343. INFLAMMATION OF THE LUNGS

When a horse suffers from swelling of the lungs, it will show the following symptoms:

1.) Shivering fit

2.) Body changes from cold to warm and to extreme cold.

3.)The horse prefers to stay standing up and will only lay down for a few seconds when he is tired but will be up again. Its breathing will be fast and not normal.

Treatment begins by giving the horse a good bleeding and then by admistering every 8 hours a drachm of emetic tartar and three drachms of nitre along with the following:

1.) Rub the extremities
2. Give bran-mashes
3. Cover the animal's body with warm blankets making sure the ends of the blankets hang down to the floor
4. Keep containers filled with hot water so that  hot stones or bricks can be placed inside it. This is done for the horse to sweat out the toxins from its body. 

One part opium and two parts calomel should also be given to the animal two times a day. 

One of the common symptoms of this illness is for the horse's chest to be covered in blisters. The above treatment is ideal to cure a horse suffering from inflammation of the lungs.
