The advantage of this caustic over all others is that less pain and inflammation
is induced. The sores may be cured by the following or Sloan's ointment: ceder oil is to be
applied to the tendons, to prevent them stiffening, in pole evil, or other cases.

334. DeGRAY, OR SLOAN'S HORSE OINTMENT

Take of rosin 4 oz., lard 8 oz., honey 2 oz., mix and melt slowly, gently bring it to a boil,
and as it begins to boil slowly, add a little less than a pint of spirits of turpentine, stirring
all the time it is being added, then remove from the stove, and stir till cool. This is an
extraordinary ointment for bruses in flesh or hoof, broken knees, galled backs, bites, cracked
heels, &c. or when a horse is gelded, to heal and keep away flies.

335. NERVE AND BONE LINIMENT

Take of beef's gall 1 quart, alcohol 1 pint, volatile liniment 1 lb., spirits of turpentine
1 lb., oil of origanum 4 oz., aqua ammonia 4 oz., tincture of cayenne 1/2 pint, oil of amber
3 oz., tincture of spanish fly 6 oz., mix and shake well. Uses too well known to need description.

336. TO CURE FOUNDERS IN 24 HOURS

Boil or steam oat straw for half an hour, then wrap it round the horses legs while quite hot,
cover up with wet woollen rags to keep in the steam: in six hours renew the application. Take
1 gallon of blood from the neck vein, and give a quart of linseed oil. He may be worked next day.

337. TO CURE COLIC IN TEN MINUTES

Bleed freely at the horse's mouth, and take 1 oz. of oil of juniper, 1 oz. of laudanum, and
2 ozs. of sweet spirits of nitre. Mix in a pint of gruel, and drench him with it.

338. GARGLING OIL

Take of tanner's oil 1 quart, oil of vitriol 2 oz., spirits of turpentine 1 oz. Mix all together,
leave the bottles open till it stops working, then it is ready for use.

339. MERCHANT'S GARGLING OIL

Take of linseed oil 2-1/2 galls., spirits of turpentine 2-1/2 galls., western petroleum 1 gall.,
liquor potass 8 oz., sap green 1 oz., mix all together, and it is ready for use.

340. PURGING BALLS

Take of aloes, 3 oz.; anise seed, 3 oz.; pulverise and mix with castile soap. This makes one
ball for a horse.

341. URINE BALLS

Take of white resin, 1/2 lb.; castile soap, 1/2 lb.; venice turpentine, 1/2 pint; mix well
together; make the balls the size of butternuts. Give the horse three the first day, two the
second day, and one the third day.

342. FOR THE HEAVES

Give the horse 1/2 drachm of nitric acid, in a pint of sweet milk. Repeat once in two days,
once in three days, and once in four days. This receipt is highly prized, and is good; but
the best remedy for heaves is so simple that scarcely any one will try it; it is to take fresh
sumack tops, break two or three bunches of them up in the horse's feed, three times a day.
This will actually cure the heaves unless, they are very bad.

343. INFLAMMATION OF THE LUNGS

The symptoms of inflammation of the lungs in the horse is as follows: it is usually ushered
in by a shivering fit, the horse is cold all over, reaction soon takes place, the body becomes
warmer, and the extremities extremely cold. The breathing is quick, he refuses to lie down.
If when wearied out, he lies down, it is but for a moment.

Treatment--This may be commenced by a good bleeding, which is to be followed by a drachm of
emetic tartar, and three drachms of nitre, every eight hours, rubbing the extremities, and
giving bran-mashes; throw warm blankets over the animal, hanging down to the floor, and place
vessels of hot water in which put hot stones or bricks, and sweat freely, also, give one scruple
of opium, and two of calomel, twice a day. The sides of the chest may be thoroughly blistered.
This is the proper treatment.

344.
