He simply disappeared. It was possible that bullying might not cause her to try to conciliate him by revealing the whereabouts of the hidden treasure. She had plenty of spirit, rather seemed to enjoy a fight, So Bryan took the course that he judged would make things the most unpleasant for his wife, which would at the same time rid him of her. 

And now the poor little lady was inconsolable, fierce  in quarrel, and bitter in tongue. In spite of all it is one of the most inscrutable of the many points in the nature of some women. She had loved her great,cruel bullying husband, and was only jealous of the gold because  in his estimation it, and not she, came first. Her days, unhappy enough before, were now spent in fruitless misery, waiting for him who returned never again. A year and a day passed, and still no tidings came to her of Bryan de Blenkinsopp. The deserted wife could bear no longer.  with all her servants, went away.

Folk, suspected her of being an imp of Satan, especially those who had always in their hearts  said that no man saw them go. Probably she went in search of her husband, or whether she cane back to the land from which she had come,  for from that day to this all trace is lost of husband and of wife. Only the tale remained in the country people's minds, probably it didn't loose anythimg telling as the years rolled on.

The story of the White Lady of Blenkinsopp became one to which the dwellers by Tyneside loved to listen. It was whispered that  more than one dweller in the castle claimed to have seen her "walked," white-robed figure wandering forlorn through the rooms in which she had spent her short, unhappy wedded life. Perhaps it may have been due to her influence that by 1542 the roof and interior had been neglected and allowed to fall into decay.

For some centuries the castle continued to be partly occupied.Yet though shorn of all its former grandeur, in spite of the dread in which the White Lady had come to be held, there were families occasionally living in the less ruined parts of the building.

About the year 1820 two of the more habitable rooms were occupied by a labouring man with his wife and their two children, the youngest a boy of eight.  Weeks had passed, they had never in any way been disturbed. They now considered it to a silly old story. All too soon, a night  shriek upon shriek of ghastly terror rang in the ears of the sleeping husband and wife, with sick dread in their hearts, hurrying to the room where their children lay.

A lady... a lady! gasped the sobbing youngest boy, clinging convulsively to his mother. There's never a lady here, my  boy. Nobody will harm you.Told the mother.

There had seen a lady, "a braw lady,  in white," who had come to bedside and sitting down, had bent and kissed him. But the terrified child would not be comforted. He she "cried sore," the child said, and wrung her hands, and told him that if he would but come with her she would make him a rich man, she would show him where gold was buried in the castle.   She  stooped to lift and tried to carry him, when the boy answered that he dare not go with her.
