Bryan de Blenkinsopp had a problem. She was quite ready to put up a fight - his wife that is - and it didn't seem that he could push her around as usual and make her show him where the treasure was. He decided, therefore, to do what would make her most unhappy - he would simply disappear.

As vicious as she would seem in a quarrel, Bryan's wife truly and deeply cared for her husband, despite his brutish and controlling nature. At the bottom of it all, perhaps she didn't even really care for the gold; one could surmise that she was only jealous because she felt only second in importance to him behind the treasure. Yet, as miserable as she was before, she was a hundred times more so after her husband had left. She moped around, days at a time, head hung low. Days, weeks, then months passed, and still she heard no news of her dear Bryan.

Sick with grief, she decided after a year of loneliness that she could take no more. One day, she packed all her things, gave the word to her servants, and left, never to return again.

Whether she returned to her hometown, or went in search of her husband, no one knew. The neighbors swear they never saw her leave, and as the years passed, the story of the White Lady of Blenkinsopp was reduced to fireside tales on a cold winter days, more legend than fact - ghost stories if you will. Rumors spread of sightings of the fair and unhappy lady. White-robed, she wandered the empty rooms of her former residence at night, it was said. And though the tales were more often than not unsettling, and though the castle was slowly but surely falling apart, families still occupied the building for centuries afterward.

One such family occupied a pair of rooms; it was about the year 1820. They moved in - the man with his wife and two kids - knowly fully what was said about the place, and yet so much time had past that they hardly thought of the tales as anything more than silly superstitions. They didn't believe in superstitions.

One night, not long after they arrived, piercing shrieks resounded in the silnt night as the man and his wife slept, and they sent their hearts plummeting into their stomachs. Springing up, faces white, they entered their children's room. Buried deep under the covers, they found their younger boy, sobbing and frightened. He started as the wife peeled back the blanket and revealed her son, so whtie and distraught she hardly believed it was him.

When his eyes met hers he said hysterically, "Oh mother, mother. There was a lady. A lady in white."

"Shhh, calm down. You're safe. There was never a lady in here. It was all a bad dream."

Never stopping, he continued, "She sat down beside me crying. Held me. Kissed me. Told me I would a rich man if only I went with her, and she would show me where the treasure was buried. I was scared. I hid under the covers. Then, then I felt her lift me up, carrying me away."
