All in all, the weak and defenseless are assisted by the power and ability which sciences grants through conscience. These being said should be granted entry to the right hand of conscience. Interference for the sake of human right is sometimes mandated and often times dignified. Effectively if one stands with entire certainty of self and goes the extra mile reassuring others and himself may actually warm the broad generalization of the aggressor counterpart. It is the awareness of self power where ultimate strength is obtained. Through obtaining this new perspective the likelihood for ones point to be clear and punctual even if off opinionated and rational evidence is commonality. With the backing of scientific research and theory, you may act and orally conjure idea in such a manner which is likely to lead to placidity among parties, whereas, if the science is absent, you must not use the words of the latter ideology which may be mandated at specific time and manner.  

Difficult will be faced among those who are proficient in the art of self defense, but the advantages to be gained are doubtless magnanimous.

A master of the sword, and by this I mean one who could use a variety of weaponry, who is decent at hand to hand combat, is a sure threat to any opposition.

THE UBRELLA.

As a weapon of modern warfare this implement of science has not been served justly in the department of combat respect.It has too often been put down with malicious tone and disdain, but it without a doubt, even in the hands of one which is senile, this weapon of solid proportion may be the cause for some serious damage. An umbrella opening with such damaging potential ceased the deadly onslaught of the infuriated bull, and caused the kings and queens of the land to second guess their presumably harmless danger? Has it not, when brought into action, stopped the gallop of the orthodox equestrian fleeing with much speed and determination?

If this be true, there are plausible uses beyond those which the our present perspective offers, it be be beneficial to ask how they can be brought to bear when a man, being a master of the sword, or one  who has graduated with honors from his class of martial arts, is attacked without anything in his hands save the desperately humble umbrella.

It is indeed, of extreme high risk to go about such an operation, prodding a fellow creature in the eye with the acute head of an umbrella. Once I knew a man who was attacked by many roughs, and nearly losing his life through their pugnacious nature, in a a despairing effort made a desperate thrust at the head of his assailant. The point of the umbrella penetrated the eye and entered the brain, ad the man fell stone dead at his feet. I would only advocate such action when extreme danger threatens-- as a last resort, in fact, and when you must determine who will be killed, you or your... assailant.

There are a couple ways of using the Umbrella. Holding it as if you were holding a fencing foil--and for this reason umbrellas should always be chosen with strong and straight handless-- for long ranging thrusts when need at a distance, or grasping it firmly with both hands, just as one would grasp a military rifle during a bayonet exercise in military combat. As in such a case one has a deadly and spectacular weapon for use against multiple enemies at close quarters.
