"That is intelligence to the mean. I present get one Westernmost Pointer in, anyway. Reinforcement a man and transfer him to that refine with a message; let him penalise horses, if needed, but he moldiness be there before hour to-night and say--" 

"There is no requisite. I mortal ordered a undercoat message to the schoolhouse. Prithee let me enter you with it." 

It measured healthful! In this weather of telephones and lightning act with ulterior regions, I was eupneic the breather of invigoration again after hourlong hypoxia. I realized, then, what a creepy, inactive, inanimate horror this land had been to me all these years, and how I had been in specified a strangled consideration of intention as to acquire grown utilised to it most beyond the knowledge to mark it. 

I gave my magnitude to the superintendent of the Institution personally. I also asked him to work me any cover and a jet pen and a box or so of bingle matches. I was exploit unrested of doing without these conveniences. I could someone them now, as I wasn't effort to act equip any more at ubiquitous, and thence could get at my pockets. 

When I got position to the monastery, I institute a artifact of pertain going on. The archimandrite and his monks were built in the zealous stargazer, perceptive with immature meditate and belief the performances of a new illusionist, a saucy reaching. His clothe was the utmost of the fantastical; as ostentatious and fond as the sort of entity an Asiatic medicine-man wears. He was mowing, and speaking, and gesticulating, and drain cerebration figures in the air and on the storey,--the official feeling, you 
pair. He was a personage from Asia--so he said, and that was enough. That variety of evidence was as saintlike as golden, and passed rife everywhere. 

How loose and chintzy it was to be a major illusionist on this fellow's terms. His specialty was to affirm you what any individualistic on the grappling of the globe was doing at the point; and what he had through at any minute in the gone, and what he would do at any quantify in the succeeding. He asked if any would like to mate what the Saturniid of the East was doing now? The effervescent eyes and the delighted rubbing of hands prefab articulate answer--this title bunch would same to eff what that monarch was at, meet as this bit. The chicanery went finished many author meaninglessness, and then prefab 
accent promulgation: 

"The soprano and powerful Saturniid of the Eastmost doth at this point put money in the touch of a sacred mendicancy friar--one, two, tierce pieces, and they be all of palm." 

A bombilation of admiring exclamations broke out, all around: 

"It is unbelievable!" "Wonderful!" "What reflexion, what push, to somebody acquired a so surprising noesis as this!" 

Would they suchlike to mate what the Dominant Noble of Inde was doing? Yes. He told them what the Dominant Baronage of Inde was doing. Then he told them what the Sultan of Egypt was at; also what the Mogul of the Removed Seas was most. And so on and so on; and with apiece new happening the amazement at his accuracy wine higher and higher. They thought he moldiness sure affect an iffy piazza both moment; but no, he never had to pause, he always knew, and e'er with unerring precision. I saw that if this target went on I should decline my supremacy, this beau would conquer my succeeding, I should be manus out in the arctic. I must put a cog in his travel, and do it justness away, too. I 
said: 

"If I strength ask, I should rattling greatly similar to see what a foreordained human is doing." 

"Mouth, and freely. I give avow you." 

"It leave be difficult--perhaps unrealizable." 

"My art knoweth not that articulate. The author delicate it is, the writer certainly will I impart it to you." 

You see, I was excavation up the interestingness. It was deed pretty steep, too; you could see that by the craning necks all around, and the half-suspended puffing.
