
"That is news to the purpose.  I will get one West Pointer in, anyway.  Mount a man and send
him to that school with a message; let him kill horses, if necessary, but he must be there
before sunset to-night and say--"

"There is no need.  I have laid a ground wire to the school. Prithee let me connect you with it."

It sounded good!  In this atmosphere of telephones and lightning communication with distant
regions, I was breathing the breath of life again after long suffocation.  I realized, then,
what a creepy, dull, inanimate horror this land had been to me all these years, and how I had
been in such a stifled condition of mind as to have grown used to it almost beyond the power
to notice it.

I gave my order to the superintendent of the Academy personally. I also asked him to bring
me some paper and a fountain pen and a box or so of safety matches.  I was getting tired of
doing without these conveniences.  I could have them now, as I wasn't going to wear armor any
more at present, and therefore could get at my pockets.

When I got back to the monastery, I found a thing of interest going on.  The abbot and his
monks were assembled in the great hall, observing with childish wonder and faith the performances
of a new magician, a fresh arrival.  His dress was the extreme of the fantastic; as showy and
foolish as the sort of thing an Indian medicine-man wears.  He was mowing, and mumbling, and
gesticulating, and drawing mystical figures in the air and on the floor,--the regular thing,
you know.  He was a celebrity from Asia--so he said, and that was enough.  That sort of evidence
was as good as gold, and passed current everywhere.

How easy and cheap it was to be a great magician on this fellow's terms.  His specialty was
to tell you what any individual on the face of the globe was doing at the moment; and what
he had done at any time in the past, and what he would do at any time in the future.  He asked
if any would like to know what the Emperor of the East was doing now?  The sparkling eyes and
the delighted rubbing of hands made eloquent answer--this reverend crowd would like to know
what that monarch was at, just as this moment.  The fraud went through some more mummery, and
then made grave announcement:

"The high and mighty Emperor of the East doth at this moment put money in the palm of a holy
begging friar--one, two, three pieces, and they be all of silver."

A buzz of admiring exclamations broke out, all around:

"It is marvelous!"  "Wonderful!"  "What study, what labor, to have acquired a so amazing power
as this!"

Would they like to know what the Supreme Lord of Inde was doing? Yes.  He told them what the
Supreme Lord of Inde was doing.  Then he told them what the Sultan of Egypt was at; also what
the King of the Remote Seas was about.  And so on and so on; and with each new marvel the astonishment
at his accuracy rose higher and higher. They thought he must surely strike an uncertain place
some time; but no, he never had to hesitate, he always knew, and always with unerring precision.
I saw that if this thing went on I should lose my supremacy, this fellow would capture my following,
I should be left out in the cold.  I must put a cog in his wheel, and do it right away, too.
I said:

"If I might ask, I should very greatly like to know what a certain person is doing."

"Speak, and freely.  I will tell you."

"It will be difficult--perhaps impossible."

"My art knoweth not that word.  The more difficult it is, the more certainly will I reveal
it to you."

You see, I was working up the interest.  It was getting pretty high, too; you could see that
by the craning necks all around, and the half-suspended breathing.
