"At least I'll get one West Pointer in. Mount a man and send him to the school with this message; kill horses if he must, but be there before sunset to-night and say--"

"Don't worry, I have already laid a wire to the school. Shall I connect you with it?"

It sounded good to me! With all this telephone and lightning communication, I was alive again. I then realized, what a dull, inanimate horror this land had been to me, and how I had been in such a stifled condition to have grown used to it.

I gave my order to the superintendent of the Academy personally. I also requested some paper and a fountain pen and several boxes of safety matches. I was annoyed with doing without these conveniences. I wasn't going to wear armor any more, and therefore could get at my pockets.

When I returned from the monastery, I found a an amusing sight: the abbot and his monks were gathered in the grand hall, observing with wide eyes the performances of a new magician, a newcomer. His outfit was oozing fantastic; as the showy and foolish Indian medicine-man often wears. He was mobile, muttering, and gesticulating all while drawing mystical figures in the air and on the floor,--typical magician behavior, you know. He was a celebrity from Asia--he announced. That sort of testimonial was as good as gold, and accepted currency everywhere.

How cheap his gimmick was: his specialty was to telling what any individual was doing at the moment; and what he had done at any time in the past, and of course what he would do at any time in the future. He asked if any might like to know what the Emperor of the East was currently doing? The delighted rubbing of hands made eloquent the answer--the crowd was sitting on the edge of their seat. The fraud went through the regular paces, murmuring and so forth, and then suddenly made the grave announcement:

"The high and mighty Emperor of the East doth at this moment put money in the palm of a holy begging friar--one, two, three pieces, and they be all of silver."

A buzz of excitement broke out around the hall--

Would they like to know what the Supreme Lord of Inde was doing? Yes. He told them what the Supreme Lord of Inde was doing. Then he told them what the Sultan of Egypt was at; also what the King of the Remote Seas was about. They named it, he spoke it, never with any hesitation. I concluded that if this went on any longer I should lose my supremacy, this fellow would woo my sheep, I'd be left out in the cold. I must put a cog in his wheel, and do it right away, too. I said:

"A question if I may, I should very greatly like to know what a certain someone is doing."

"Speak, his name and you shall know."

"It perhaps might be impossible..."

"Impossible is the possibility of that. The more difficult it is, the more certainly will I reveal it to you."

You see, I was stoking the flames of interest. It was getting pretty high, too, as evidenced by the craning necks all around, and the half-suspended breathing.
