
While he was much occupied with the theoretical and practical difficulties of such a scheme
of science teaching for general use, he was asked by his friend, the Reverend W. Rogers of
Bishopsgate, if he would not deliver a course of lectures on elementary science to boys of
the schools in which the latter was interested.

He finally accepted in the following letter, and as the result, delivered twelve lectures week
by week from April to June to a large audience at the London Institution in Finsbury Circus,
lectures not easily forgotten by the children who listened to them nor by their elders:--]

Jermyn Street, February 5, 1869.

My dear Rogers,

Upon due reflection I am not indisposed to undertake the course of lessons we talked about
the other day, though they will cost me a good deal of trouble in various ways, and at a time
of the year when I am getting to the end of my tether and don't much like trouble.

But the scheme is too completely in harmony with what (in conjunction with Tyndall and others)
I have been trying to bring about in schools in general--not to render it a great temptation
to me to try to get it into practical shape.

All I have to stipulate is that we shall have a clear understanding on the part of the boys
and teachers that the discourses are to [be] LESSONS and not talkee-talkee lectures. I should
like it to be understood that the boys are to take notes and to be examined at the end of the
course. Of course I cannot undertake to be examiner, but the schools might make some arrangement
on this point.

You see my great object is to set going something which can be worked in every school in the
country in a thorough and effectual way, and set an example of the manner in which I think
this sort of introduction to science ought to be managed.

Unless this can be done I would rather not embark in a project which will involve much labour,
worry, and interruption to my regular line of work.

I met Mr. [illegible] last night, and discussed the subject briefly with him.

Ever yours very faithfully,

T.H. Huxley.

I enclose a sort of rough programme of the kind of thing I mean, cut up from a project of instruction
for a school about which I am now busy. The managers might like to see it. But I shall be glad
to have it returned.

[These lectures were repeated in November at South Kensington Museum, as the first part of
a threefold course to women on the elements of physical science, and the "Times" reporter naively
remarks that under the rather alarming name of Physiography, many of the audience were no doubt
surprised to hear an exceedingly simple and lucid description of a river-basin. Want of leisure
prevented him from bringing out the lectures in book form until November 1877. When it did
appear, however, the book, like his other popular works, had a wide sale, and became the forerunner
of an immense number of school-books on the subject.

As President of the Geological Society, he delivered an address ("Collected Essays" 8 305),
at the anniversary meeting, February 19, upon the "Geological Reform" demanded by the considerations
advanced by the physicists, as to the age of the earth and the duration of life upon it. From
the point of view of biology he was ready to accept the limits suggested, provided that the
premises of Sir William Thomson's (Now Lord Kelvin.) argument were shown to be perfectly reliable;
but he pointed out a number of considerations which might profoundly modify the results of
the isolated causes adduced; and uttered a warning against the possible degradation of "a proper
reverence for mathematical certainty" into "a superstitious respect for all arguments arrived
at by process of mathematics."
