While much was recorded at theoretical and practical difficulties of such a system of science education for general use, was asked by his friend, Pastor W. Rogers, Bishopsgate, where it would issue a series of lectures on basic science to children in schools, where the latter was interested.

He was finally accepted in the following letter, and as a result twelve conferences delivered every week from April to June to a large audience at the London Institute in Finsbury Circus, conferences are not easily forgotten by the children who listened to them or their older : -]

Jermyn Street, 5 Februar 1869th

Dear Rogers,

After due reflection I have not done in class we talked on the second day, although it will cost me a lot of problems in different ways and at the time of year where I get to the end of my rope and not much like trouble.

But the system is fully in line with what (in collaboration with Tyndall and others) have tried to build schools in general - not to be a great temptation for me to try to get in a practical way.

All I have to clarify is that we have a clear understanding by children and teachers to speeches [is] experience and not talkee talkee-conferences. I understand that children should take notes and will be discussed at the end of the course. Of course I can not stand the censorship, but schools can make some arrangements at this time.

You see my big goal of promoting something you can work in all schools in the country for an appropriate and effective, and an example of the way I believe this kind of introduction to the science must be maintained.

Unless that can happen rather not embark on a project that will involve much manpower, quiet, and the interruption of my regular line of work.

I met] Mr. [illegible last night and discussed the issue briefly with him.

All Yours

T.H. Huxley.

I enclose a rough sort of program of this sort of thing, I mean, cut a project with instructions for a school, now I'm busy. The leaders may want to see. But I'm willing to back.

[These lectures were repeated in November at South Kensington Museum, as the first part of a triple course for women in the elements of physical science, and the newspaper "Times" says candidly during the rather alarming name Physiography, many the audience was certainly surprised to hear a very simple and clear description of a river basin. Lack of free time stop him from carrying the lectures in book form until November 1877th Once appeared, however, the book that his popular works, had a wide sale, and was the precursor of a large number of textbooks on the subject.

As President of the Geological Society, gave a speech ("collection of essays," 8305), the anniversary meeting of February 19 on "Geological Reform" made necessary by physical considerations such as age of the Earth and life span in it. From the biological point of view that he was willing to accept the proposed limits, provided that the premises of Sir William Thomson (now Lord Kelvin.) Argument proved to be quite reliable, but noted a number of considerations that could profoundly alter the results of the isolates its causes, and warned against the possible demolition of "a proper respect for mathematical certainty" to "a superstitious respect for all the arguments presented by the process of mathematics."
