Fishes can escape through the holes. Fish nets cannot last throughout the a whole season, as the bottom rots away and the fishes escapes. The postion of the nets were reversed until autumn and the upper part which is above the water being stronger, it is now placed at the bottom. The above method was expensive and not secure, but the wooden racks were heavy and secure.

The salmon which were placed in this enclosure had to be transported overland for about 3 to 5 miles. The sudden change from salt water to fresh water of the river seem unfavorable, as well as the summer heat in the month of August being above 70 degrees Fahrenheit, but the transportation had proved to be satisfactory.
This type of enclosure is in use since 1870 at Dead Brook, Bucksport. The location is in a gently running stream bordered by marshy ground, with gravel and mud in the bottom, crowded by aquatic vegetation. Water is mainly supplied by two small lakes in the hills, and the water is cleaner than the average Maine rivers.The greatest depth in the enclosure is around 8 feet, but most of the enclosure's depth is 3 to 5 feet. The stream is from 2 to 4 rods, and the enclosed area is 2,200 feet. Barriers in the form of wooden gratings retain the fish and it facilitates fast and easy cleaning by the stream.
Better results were expected from this enclosure, but have not been realized. The percentage of fish dying in confinement has been greater, about 25% of those introduced, notwithstanding that the slamon were transported from a distance of 7 miles instead of being carted in tanks.
The cause of the trouble has not being found out yet, but there is some good reason regarding the transfer of the fish from the place from which they were captured. This view is supported by the fact that nearly all the losses occur within a few weeks after the introduction of the salmon and almost wholly ceases by the end of July.If the cause of disease was found in the enclosure, we should expect it to be more fatal after long than short course of time of the exposure of the fish to it's action, and that with the smaller volume and higher temperature of August it would be more active than in June and July.
I think the above description will give Dr. Bottemanne sufficient and correct idea of the character of the enclosure that we tried. There are, however several other points to be discussed and be touched upon to him in possession of the practical results of our experience.
The facilties for the recapture of the fish when the spawning season approaches must be considered. We had hoped that the lake in Bucksport village would be a suitable place as a spawning ground and to induce them to enter the small brooks within the enclosure and our expectations were partially realized.
