There were holes in it by which the fish escaped. A single net would not retain its strength
through a whole season, the bottom rotting away and letting the fish out, unless before the
autumn was far advanced its position were reversed, the stronger part that had been above water
being placed now at the bottom. This method was therefore rather expensive and not perfectly
secure. The wooden racks were costly and heavy to handle, but quite secure.

The salmon placed in this inclosure had to be carted in tanks of water overland about a mile
in addition to transportation in floating cars from 3 to 5 miles; they were transferred suddenly
from the salt water of the river (about two-thirds as salt as common sea-water) into the entirely
fresh water of the lake. To all the supposed unfavorable circumstances must be added the high
summer temperature of the water. During August the mean was generally above 70 degrees Fahrenheit
at the bottom and several degrees warmer at the surface. Occasionally there was observed a
midday temperature of 74 degrees F. and once 75 degrees at the bottom. Yet this proved an excellent
place for our purpose, a satisfactory percentage of the salmon remaining in perfect health
from June to November.

No. 4. The inclosure in use since 1870 at Dead Brook, Bucksport. It is located in a gently
running stream bordered by marshy ground, with a bottom in part of gravel but mostly of mud,
crowded with aquatic vegetation. The water, supplied by two small lakes among the hills, is
cleaner than the average of Maine rivers, but does not in that respect approach the water of
inclosure No. 1. The greatest depth is about 8 feet, but in the greater part of the inclosure
it is from 3 to 5 feet. The width of the stream is from 2 to 4 rods, and the portion inclosed
is 2,200 feet long. The barriers to retain the fish are in the form of wooden gratings, with
facilities for speedily clearing them of debris brought down by the stream.

Better results were expected from this inclosure than from No. 3, but have not been realized.
The percentage of salmon dying in confinement has been greater, amounting commonly to about
25 percent of those introduced, and this notwithstanding the salmon are conveyed to the inclosure
by water carriage the entire distance (7 miles) instead of being carted in tanks.

The cause of the trouble has not yet been discovered, but there is good reason for thinking
that it lies in some of the circumstances attending the transfer of the fish from the place
of capture, and that the inclosure itself is perfectly suited to its purpose. This view is
supported by the fact that nearly all the losses occur within a few weeks after the introduction
of the salmon and almost wholly cease by the end of July. If the cause of disease was located
in the inclosure, we should expect it to be more fatal after a long than a short duration of
the exposure of the fish to its action, and that with the smaller volume and higher temperature
of August it would be more active than in June and July.

The above description will, I think, give Dr. Bottemanne a sufficiently correct idea of the
character of the inclosures we have tried. There are, however, several other points to be touched
upon to put him in possession of the practical results of our experience.

The facilities for the recapture of the salmon when the spawning season approaches must be
considered. In the lake at Bucksport village (No. 3) we hoped at first that their desire to
reach a suitable spawning ground would induce them all to enter the small brook that forms
the outlet, which was within the limits of the inclosure. In this matter our expectations were
but partially realized.
