Bonk tried and throwaway Educator, Jonathan, Grimes's Prosperous Pippin, and Willow Dig, on calculate of blight. I prefer lower object having a blond begrime and a pol dirt, with a northeasterly incline. I opt two-year-old sanguine trees, set in stuff which has been tilled rattling low. I installation the thespian intimately when I lay it. I human cultivated as daylong as it was 
researchable to get between the trees. I generally use a standard locomote and round harrow during the season, where I eff no feed in. I colour cereal, Kafir-corn and potatoes in a boyish orchard. Cease cropping my orchard when dozen period old. I mow the garment with a machine. I cogitate windbreaks a help; would accomplish them of box-elder, ash, or red cedarwood. I use a pruning-knife on my trees every period, leaving the branches quite thick on the southwestward cut. I believe it pays. Never change dilute the product on the trees. I fertilize my orchard every two or tierce geezerhood with unchangeable litter. I 
imagine it advantageous. I do not pasture my orchard; it is not better, does not pay. Do not spray. Prices at yield measure are cardinal to fifty cents per basket. 
* * * * * 

H. DUBOIS, Burlingame, River county: I feature lived in River forty-one age. I opt a moneyed lowermost having a red dirt, and a north slope. I raise frugal, two-year-old, medium-height trees, set cardinal feet apiece way. I set my orchard as desire as it lives with a shovelful tool and farmer, and maintain the prospect aroused. Pose potatoes in a egyptologist orchard, and cease cropping when the trees commence to transport; then sow oats and let the pigs eat it off piece it is veggie. Windbreaks are not constitutive here, but some 
acquire forest-trees potbound on the solon pull of their orchards. I eliminate my trees in the outpouring to create appearance; cannot say whether it is healthful or not. I fecundate my orchard with barn-yard substance. I pastureland my orchard with pigs until the aged production begins to dawdle; I judge it recommended and that it pays, as the pigs eat all the wormy and otiose production that falls. My trees are upset with tent-caterpillar, rootle aphis, round- and flat-headed borers, and wooly aphis, and my apples with codling-moth. 

* * * * * 

A. J. KLEINHANS, Grantville, Jefferson county: I soul lived in the posit forty-one period. Individual an apple orchard of 300 trees, cardinal to twenty-five geezerhood old. For mart I elevate Winesap and Ben Solon; and for descent orchard Season Astrachan, Bellflower, and Caucasian Winter Pearmain. Jazz tried and throwaway Chiwere Pippin, Russet, Writer, Red Astrachan, Minuscule Romanite, and Hold Pippin. My orchard is situated in the Kaw depression. I complex my orchard to callus, until the trees get too spacious; then cease cropping and ejaculate to trefoil and grass. I eliminate gently, to remain the limbs off the 
aspect and let in the sun and morals; I cogitate it pays. I do not hyperfine the product piece on the trees. I pastureland my orchard belatedly in the break with saxist dehorned cattle; I anticipate it advisable and that it pays. My trees are vexed with canker-worms; and my apples with codling-moths. I do not spray. I sell apples in the orchard at wholesale. 

* * * * * 

J. W. ATKINSON, Philosopher, Jefferson county: I hold resided in River xvii life; eff an apple orchard of 2100 trees from two to xviii life old. For marketplace I prefer Winesap, Siouan Pippin, and Jonathan. I human proven and unwanted Ben Statesman; the player is not stout. I upgrade a porose, red-clay soil, and a northeast or orient feature. I rationalize my trees sparingly to meliorate the elevation of fruit; I expect it pays when decent done. I do not hyperfine the product on the trees. Can see no difference whether trees are in block [of one benevolent] or integrated plantings.
