Have tried and
discarded Lowell, Jonathan, Grimes's Golden Pippin, and Willow Twig, on account of blight.
I prefer bottom land having a sandy soil and a clay subsoil, with a north slope. I prefer two-year-old
healthy trees, set in ground which has been plowed very deep. I water the tree well when I
plant it. I have cultivated as long as it was possible to get between the trees. I generally
use a common plow and disc harrow during the summer, where I have no crop in. I grow corn,
Kafir-corn and potatoes in a young orchard. Cease cropping my orchard when twelve years old.
I mow the weeds with a machine. I think windbreaks a benefit; would make them of box-elder,
ash, or red cedar. I use a pruning-knife on my trees every year, leaving the branches quite
thick on the south side. I think it pays. Never have thinned the fruit on the trees. I fertilize
my orchard every two or three years with stable litter. I think it beneficial. I do not pasture
my orchard; it is not advisable, does not pay. Do not spray. Prices at picking time are forty
to fifty cents per bushel.

       *       *       *       *       *

H. DUBOIS, Burlingame, Osage county: I have lived in Kansas forty-one years. I prefer a rich
bottom having a red subsoil, and a northeast slope. I prefer thrifty, two-year-old, medium-height
trees, set thirty feet each way. I cultivate my orchard as long as it lives with a shovel plow
and cultivator, and keep the ground stirred. Plant potatoes in a young orchard, and cease cropping
when the trees begin to bear; then sow oats and let the pigs eat it off while it is green.
Windbreaks are not essential here, but some have forest-trees planted on the north side of
their orchards. I prune my trees in the spring to give shape; cannot say whether it is beneficial
or not. I fertilize my orchard with barn-yard litter. I pasture my orchard with pigs until
the ripe fruit begins to fall; I think it advisable and that it pays, as the pigs eat all the
wormy and worthless fruit that falls. My trees are troubled with tent-caterpillar, root aphis,
round- and flat-headed borers, and woolly aphis, and my apples with codling-moth.

       *       *       *       *       *

A. J. KLEINHANS, Grantville, Jefferson county: I have lived in the state forty-one years. Have
an apple orchard of 300 trees, twenty to twenty-five years old. For market I prefer Winesap
and Ben Davis; and for family orchard Summer Astrachan, Bellflower, and White Winter Pearmain.
Have tried and discarded Missouri Pippin, Russet, Baldwin, Red Astrachan, Little Romanite,
and Pound Pippin. My orchard is situated in the Kaw valley. I plant my orchard to corn, until
the trees get too large; then cease cropping and seed to clover and timothy. I prune lightly,
to keep the limbs off the ground and let in the sun and light; I think it pays. I do not thin
the fruit while on the trees. I pasture my orchard late in the fall with young dehorned cattle;
I think it advisable and that it pays. My trees are troubled with canker-worms; and my apples
with codling-moths. I do not spray. I sell apples in the orchard at wholesale.

       *       *       *       *       *

J. W. ATKINSON, Perry, Jefferson county: I have resided in Kansas seventeen years; have an
apple orchard of 2100 trees from two to eighteen years old. For market I prefer Winesap, Missouri
Pippin, and Jonathan. I have tried and discarded Ben Davis; the tree is not hardy. I prefer
a porous, red-clay subsoil, and a northeast or east aspect. I prune my trees sparingly to improve
the grade of fruit; I think it pays when properly done. I do not thin the fruit on the trees.
Can see no difference whether trees are in block [of one kind] or mixed plantings.
