I've tried Lowell, jonathan,Grimes's,Golden pippin, and willow Twig.But because of blight  I discarded all of them. I like the bottom soil  a sandy one and the subsoil to  be a clay soil with a north slope.I like to cultivate in between two year old healthy trees which is ploughed very deep.And I used to cultivate as long as possible  to get between trees. The weapons I use are a common plough and a disc harrow, when there is no crop that is in the summer.My crops are corn, Kafir-corn and potatoes.I cultivate till the orchard is twelve years old. Weeding was done with a machine. Pruning is regular in my orchard. Every year I prune the trees leaving the southern side thicker. Fertilization is done in every two or three  years.All these methods are proved to be beneficial for the trees and the price at the time of pick is forty or fifty cents per  bushel.
    H.Dubois  lived in Kansas forty one years. He prefer a rich red subsoil with a northeast slope.His preference is for thrifty  medium sized trees which is two year old and which are set thirty feet away from each other. He cultivated his orchard with potatoes when the orchards are young.Then he stop cropping when the trees began to grow. After that oats will be sown and allow pigs to pasture in it until the ripe fruits begins to fall . This is good as the pig eats all the wormy and worthless fruits.This provides a food for the pigs and the waste  fruits will also be destroyed.He pruns the trees in spring to give its shape and fertilize the orchard with barn-yard litter. The problems of his trees are tent-caterpillar, root aphis, round and flat headed borers and woolly aphis . The apples also have the problem of codling moth.
A.J. Kleinhans, have lived in the state for 41 years. He also have an orchard with 300 trees, which is 20-25 years old.His preference for market are Winesap and Ben Davis but for family orchard he prefer some other  trees. The orchard is in Kaw valley. He cultivate corn in the orchard until the tree becomes large.After that he will seed to clover and timothy.He also prune lightly the trees just to keep the limbs off the ground so as to let sun and light. He pasture the orchard with dehorned cattle and it is useful. The troubles of his trees are canker worms. Apples have codling moths. He sold the apples at whole sale.
J.W.Atkinson is residing in Kansas for the past 17 years. His orchard is of 2100 trees.The ages of trees varies from 2 to 18 years. For the market he prefer winesap, Missouri Pippin, and jonathan. His preference of soil is porous, red clay soil with a north east or east aspect.Pruning proves beneficial for his trees. He see no difference in block or mixed plantings.
