The cellar is equipped with shelves for storage of samples for testing will be held 28 days. 

The mold cleanup room contains tables for cleaning molds, and racks for air pat. 

It is an effort to keep every room at a temperature of 70 ° Fahr., Y, in this sense, a barometer of Bristol is agglomerated in the room. Two wet and dry bulb hygrometers are used to determine the moisture in the air. 

Samples were taken from the conveyor belt that carries the cement storage silos at a rate of approximately one sample per 100 barrels. After every 4,000 barrels. bin is filled, sealed until all tests have been done, when, if these have been satisfactory, it is released for shipment. 

Samples are taken in cans, 9 inches tall and 7 ½ inches in diameter. These cans are delivered to the preparation room where the contents are mixed and passed through a sieve No. 20. Separate samples are then weighed mortar briquettes of slapping sound, and the specific weight and fineness tests. These are placed in cans and small enough for a repeat of the test is carried out in the storage room waiting for the results of all tests. 

The sample of briquettes is mixed with three parts crushed quartz standard, and then briquetting room, where eight briquettes are made, four for 7-days and four tests for 28 days. These are placed in moist cabinet, in moist air for 24 hours, then removed from the molds, and water for the remainder of the probationary period. At the appropriate time, which are taken from the dip tank and broken. 

Of the sample of the strength, four pats are done. The installation time is determined in one of these pat. Place in skillet previously described, for 24 hours, then one is placed in tap water and in air for 28 days. The others are treated in the boiler, one in boiling water for 3 hours and an atmospheric pressure steam for 5 hours. 

The sample for specific gravity and the fineness is dried in the oven to 100 degrees cent. to remove moisture. Two samples are carefully weighed, 50 grams of fine and 64 grams of weight, and the determinations are made. As soon as something develops unsatisfactory, a repeat of the tests done. However, if the concrete meets all the requirements, a report sheet that contains all data of a cube, is made out, and the cement is ready for shipment. In each case fifth special briquettes are clean and mortars, which are aimed at testing ages up to ten years. 

Saltwater Laboratory .-- The Atlantic City lab to conduct research on the effects of salt water in concrete and reinforced concrete, so water is more than 25 piesprofunda is available for immersion tests the configuration and the deterioration of such materials. 

Courtesy of the municipality of Atlantic City, Young's house in the spring a young age, has been delivered, at a nominal rent, the Geological Survey to carry out these tests. The laboratory building is about 700 meters from the seafront, and occupies an area of about 100 by 45 feet is one-story building frame-house, and is on wooden stilts on one side own pier and about 20 feet. above the water, which is about 19 feet deep at this point. Running fresh water, gas, electricity, and electricity is supplied to the building (Fig. 6). 

In this lab will be the cause of the failure and disintegration of cement and concrete under the action of seawater. The tests were conducted so as to approach as far as possible the actual conditions found in concrete structures along the seashore.
