
The storage room is fitted with shelves for the storage of samples being held for 28-day tests.

The mould-cleaning room contains tables for cleaning moulds, and racks for air pats.

An effort is made to keep all the rooms at a temperature of 70° Fahr., and, with this in view,
a Bristol recording thermometer is placed in the briquette-room. Two wet-and-dry bulb hygrometers
are used to determine the moisture in the air.

Samples are taken from the conveyor which carries the cement to the storage bins, at the approximate
rate of one sample for each 100 bbl. After each 4,000-bbl. bin has been filled, it is sealed
until all tests have been made, when, if these have been satisfactory, it is released for shipment.

The samples are taken in cans, 9 in. high and 7½ in. in diameter. These cans are delivered
in the preparation room where the contents are mixed and passed through a No. 20 sieve. Separate
samples are then weighed out for mortar briquettes, for soundness pats, and for the specific-gravity
and fineness tests. These are placed in smaller cans and a quantity sufficient for a re-test
is held in the storage room awaiting the results of all the tests.

The sample for briquettes is mixed with three parts standard crushed quartz, and then taken
to the briquette-making room, where eight briquettes are made, four for 7-day and four for
28-day tests. These are placed in the moist closet in damp air for 24 hours, then removed from
the moulds, and placed in water for the remainder of the test period. At the proper time they
are taken from the immersion tank and broken.

From the sample for soundness, four pats are made. The time of setting is determined on one
of these pats. They are placed in the pan previously described, for 24 hours, then one is placed
in running water and one in air for 28 days. The others are treated in the boiler, one in boiling
water for 3 hours and one in steam at atmospheric pressure for 5 hours.

The sample taken for specific gravity and fineness is dried in the oven at 100° cent. in order
to drive off moisture. Two samples are then carefully weighed out, 50 grammes for fineness
and 64 grammes for specific gravity, and the determinations are made. As soon as anything unsatisfactory
develops, a re-test is made. If, however, the cement satisfies all requirements, a report sheet
containing all the data for a bin, is made out, and the cement is ready for shipment. From
every fifth bin, special neat and mortar briquettes are made, which are intended for tests
at ages up to ten years.

Salt-Water Laboratory.--The laboratory at Atlantic City, for conducting investigations into
the effects of salt water on concrete and reinforced concrete, is situated so that water more
than 25 ft. deep is available for immersion tests of the setting and deterioration of such
materials.

Through the courtesy of the municipality of Atlantic City, Young’s cottage, on old Young’s
Pier, has been turned over, at a nominal rental, to the Geological Survey for the conduct of
these tests. The laboratory building is about 700 ft. from the boardwalk, and occupies a space
about 100 by 45 ft. It is one story high, of frame-cottage construction, and stands on wooden
piles at one side of the pier proper and about 20 ft. above the water, which is about 19 ft.
deep at this point. Fresh running water, gas, electric light, and electric power are supplied
to the building (Fig. 6).

In this laboratory investigations will be made of the cause of the failure and disintegration
of cement and concrete subjected to the action of sea water. Tests are conducted so as to approach,
as nearly as possible, the actual conditions found in concrete construction along the sea coast.
