Wherefore he sought the forgiveness of myself and my child.  Dom. Consul asked whether he would swear upon his life that this confession was true, he answered, "Yes!" and immediately fell over and died.

Meanwhile, time dragged on with the people on the mountain, who had come from many different places to see my child burnt, and they came running down the hill in long rows, one after another.  Claus Neels, my ploughman, saw what had happened and wept in joy.  He then told us how he overheard the sheriff promise a pig to Lizzie in the garden, to repay her for bewitching her own pig to bring my child into evil repute.  All of this, Claus had kept to himself for fear of being questioned.  Many people were surprised and saddened for her misfortunes, and many came and kissed my the hands and feet of my daughter and myself.  They loved us now as much as they had hated us previously.

As my father used to say, "The people's hate is death.  Their love, a passing breath!"

The town gossip help my child in his lap, as if he was her father, as I myself couldn't have wept as much as him.  My daughter, however, did not cry, but begged for a horsemen to tell her handmaiden at Pudgla what had happened to us.  He, of course, did so immediately to make her happy.  The court, however, was stil unsatisfied, and Dom. Consul told the lord of the bridge, which was believed to be bewitched, and that my daughter had bewitched it herself.  The lord answered that this was odd, as his horse had indeed broken a leg upon that old bridge and he had taken the sheriff's horse instead.  He did not believe it was the fault of my daughter, however, but that it was a natural sort of bewitchment.  He then proposed to the court and the spectators that all of us, including my daughter herself, return and clear her name from suspicion.  He believed that she was perfectly innocent, and he was determined to prove this.

The court agreed and the corpse was carried across the neck of a grey charger, given to my ploughman by the sheriff.  The lord sat in our cart, but did not sit with us, preferring to sit with the gossip.  He also preferred to be driven by one of his own men rather than the old coachmen.  And se we turned back with Custos Benzensis who had run into a ditch on the wayside.  He went before the children again, and gave a command of reverence, and the pastor led the Ambrosian Te Deum, moving our spirits deeply.  My child was so deeply moved by this that she put aside her book, which was damp with tears, gave her hand to the lord and exclaimed, "How can I thank God and you for that which you have done for me this day?"
