There, I pulled my watch out from under my pillow, and looked at it. "Only
six o'clock," I yawned. "Three good hours more of sleep. I wonder if the Boy----" Then I tumbled
over another pleasant precipice.

When I waked again, it was almost nine, and nerving myself to the inevitable, I rang for a
cold bath. The morning was bitterly chill, but the tingling water soon sent the blood racing
through my veins, and by ten o'clock I was knocking at the Boy's door. No answer came, and
thinking that he must already be down, I was on my way across the white, frozen grass to the
restaurant, when I met the muleteer coming up with Finois.

"Hallo, Joseph!" I exclaimed in surprise. "Where are Fanny and Souris?"

"Innocentina has taken them, Monsieur," he answered.

"What--they have started?"

"But yes, Monsieur, and very early."

"Tell me what happened," I prompted him.

"Why, Monsieur, it was this way. There was not much sleep for me last night, if you will pardon
my liberty in mentioning such matters, because of the little animal which bites and jumps away.
I know not what you call him in your language, though I think he is known in all lands. Besides,
the beasts were noisy in the stable underneath the room where I lay with the men. About half-past
four the others got up, but I lay still, as it was well with my animals, and there was no hurry.
But a little more than an hour later, they called me from below, laughing, and saying there
was a lady to see me. I had not undressed, Monsieur, for many reasons, and now I was glad,
for I knew who it must be, though not why she should be there, and so early too. I could not
bear that she should be alone with these rough fellows, and in two minutes I had tumbled down
the ladder.

"I had not been mistaken, Monsieur. It was Innocentina. She said her master had sent her down
to fetch the ânes, as he was obliged by certain circumstances to start on in advance of my
master. I did not ask her any questions, but I helped her get ready the donkeys, and I would
have walked up with her to the hotel, had she permitted it. If I did so, she said, the cattle
men would talk; so I stayed behind."

"Well, I suppose we shall overtake them," I replied, hiding surprise, as I did not care to
let Joseph see that I had been left in the dark concerning this strange change of programme.
My mind groped for an explanation of the mystery, and then suddenly seized upon one. The Boy,
who had evidently met his two compatriots in other days and another land, disliked and wished
to shun them. He had feared that they might be our companions down to Chambéry, and had taken
drastic measures to avoid their society. Rather than get me up early, for his convenience,
after a day of some hardship and fatigue, the plucky little chap had gone off without us. Possibly
I should find that he had left a note for me, with some waiter or femme de chambre. If not,
our route down to Chambéry and the hotel at which we were to stay there, had already been decided
upon. He would have said to himself that there could be no mistake, and that he might trust
me to find him at our destination.

The Americans were not at breakfast, but later, as Joseph, Finois, and I were starting, I saw
them standing at a distance in the corridor. The porter, who had brought down the miserable
hold-alls, and was waiting for his tip, murmured that "ces messieurs" were not going to make
the walking expedition to Chambéry; the landlord had advised them that the weather was too
bad, and they had decided to return by the noon train to Aix-les-Bains.

I felt that I owed the young men a grudge for the Boy's defection; and as there had been no
note or message from him, I was not in a forgiving mood.
