
Scribner's Monthly, November, 1880.

PRELUDE.

In the month of August, in the year 1878, the steamer Mercy, of the New York and Savannah line,
cast anchor down the channel, off a little town in South Carolina which bore the name of Calhoun.
It was not a regular part of her "run" for the Mercy to make a landing at this place. She had
departed from her course by special permit to leave three passengers, two men and one woman,
who had business of a grave nature in Calhoun.

A man, himself a passenger for Savannah, came upon deck as the steamship hove to, to inquire
the reason of the delay. He was a short man, thin, with a nervous hand and neck. His eyes were
black, his hair was black, and closely cut. He had an inscrutable mouth, and a forehead well-plowed
rather by experience than years. He was not an old man. He was cleanly dressed in new, cheap
clothes. He had been commented upon as a reticent passenger. He had no friends on board the
Mercy. This was the first time upon the voyage that he had been observed to speak. He came
forward and stood among the others, and abruptly said:

"What's this for?"

He addressed the mate, who answered with a sidelong look, and none too cordially:

"We land passengers by the Company's order."

"Those three?"

"Yes, the men and the lady."

"Who are they?"

"Physicians from New York."

"Ah-h!" said the man, slowly, making a sighing noise between his teeth. "That means--that means--"

"Volunteers to the fever district," said the mate, shortly, "as you might have known before
now. You're not of a sociable cast, I see."

"I have made no acquaintances," said the short passenger. "I know nothing of the news of the
ship. Is the lady a nurse?"

"She's a she-doctor. Doctors, the whole of 'em. There ain't a nurse aboard."

"Plenty to be found, I suppose, in this place you speak of?"

"How should I know?" replied the mate, with another sidelong look.

One of the physicians, it seemed, overheard this last question and reply. It was the woman.
She stepped forward without hesitation, and, regarding the short passenger closely, said:

"There are not nurses. This place is perishing. Savannah and the larger towns have been looked
after first--as is natural and right," added the physician, in a business-like tone. She had
a quick and clear-cut, but not ungentle voice.

The man nodded at her curtly, as he would to another man; he made no answer; then with a slight
flush his eye returned to her dress and figure; he lifted his hat and stood uncovered till
she had passed and turned from him. His face, under the influence of this fluctuation of color,
changed exceedingly, and improved in proportion as it changed.

"Who is that glum fellow, Doctor?"

One of the men physicians followed and asked the lady; he spoke to her with an air of camaraderie,
at once frank and deferential; they had been classmates at college for a course of lectures;
he had theories averse to the medical education of women in general, but this woman in particular,
having outranked him at graduation, he had made up his mind to her as a marked exception to
a wise rule, entitled to a candid fellow's respect. Besides, despite her diploma, Marian Dare
was a lady--he knew the family.

"Is he glum, Dr. Frank?" replied Dr. Dare.

But the other young man stood silent. He never consulted with doctresses.

Dr. Dare went below for her luggage. A lonely dory, black of complexion and skittish of gait,
had wandered out and hung in the shadow of the steamer, awaiting the passengers. The dory was
manned by one negro, who sat with his oars crossed, perfectly silent.

There is a kind of terror for which we find that animals, as well as men, instinctively refrain
from seeking expression.
