Scribner's Monthly, November, 1880.

PRELUDE

In the month of August, 1878, off the coast of a little town in South Carolina, Calhoun, the steamer Mercy of the New York and Savannah line cast its anchor down the channel. It was not a scheduled part of the Mercy's "run" to make a stop at this area. The cause of her unusual course was of the special permit to drop two men and a woman at Calhoun who had business of a grave nature.

One of the passengers, a man heading to Savannah, came up from the lower deck to inquire the reason for the ship to delay. The man was rather short with a nervous hand and neck. His eyes were black as well as his hair which was closely cut. The man had a rather mysterious mouth and a well-plowed forehead by experience not by years. He was not old and wore cleanly dressed new clothes, although they were cheap. The man had no friends on board and was considered a reticent passenger of the Mercy. He came forward and stood among others, this was the first time he had been observed to speak on the voyage, he abruptly said, "What's this for?" addressed to the mate. 

The mate answered none too cordially with a sidelong look, "We land passengers by the Company's order."

"Those three?"

"Yes, the men and lady."

"Who are they?"

"Physicians from New York."

"Ah-h" the man said with a sighing noise. "That means..."

"Volunteers to the fever district, as you might know." said the mate shortly. "I see you're not of a sociable cast."

"I know nothing of the news of the ship." said the passenger. "Is the lady a nurse?"

"She's a doctor, the whole of'em. There ain't a nurse among them."

"Plenty to be found in this place you spoke of, I suppose."

"How should I know?" replied the mate.

One of the physicians, the woman, overheard the end of the conversation and stepped forward without hesitation and said, "There are no nurses for this place is perishing. The larger towns including Savannah have been looked after." in a business like tone with regard to the short passenger. The physician herself had a quick and clear-cut but a gentle voice.

The man nodded at her curtly with no answer, then with a slight flush he lifted his hat and stood uncovered until she had passed and turned from him. Under the influence of this fluctuation of color, his face changed exceedingly and improved in proportion as it changed.

One of the men physicians followed and asked the lady, "Who is that glum fellow, Doctor?" he spoke with an air of camaraderie from that of which they had been classmates at college. He had theories averse to women's medical education in general but this woman, having outranked him at graduation, was an exception entitled to a fellow's respect. Not only from college he knew the family, Marian Dare was a lady.

"Is he glum, Dr. Frank?" replied Dr. Dare.

The other physician, a young man remained silent for he never consulted with doctresses.

Dr. Dare went below the deck for her luggage. Meanwhile a lonely dory had wandered out and hung in the shadow of the steamer. Awaiting the passengers, the dory sat silently manned by one negro, who sat with the oars crossed in silence.

There is a kind of terror for which both men and animals instinctively refrain from seeking expression.
