Noah originated from Nauvoo, Illinois, with Otto Wasserzieher in 1869.  It was planted from a seed of Taylor, but like other types in Noah's group, it is not valuable up North.

The small, light green berries are firm and reflect a hint of yellow.  These berries are juicy but tough, as well as favorable.  The seeds are adaptable, typically one to four per, and dark brown.  The clusters in which they can be found vary in size and are sometimes covered with small, brown stubs.  They are found in short, brown brush.

NORTHERN MUSCADINE

(Labrusca)

This grape is sassy in flavor, strong and memorable.  This is found in other grapes, such as Lucile and Lutie, among others.  North Muscadine is also similar to Lutie in appearance.  The two can be individually identified by their odors.  Despite its strong taste and excellent vine traits, it has not been very widely marketed due to American disapproval of its taste.  The North Muscadine has another disapproving quality:  the berries split easily upon maturity.  They are therefore better apt to serve as a grape-breeder.  D.J. Hawkins and Philemon Stewart of the Society of Shakers brought attention to this variety in 1852.  The type originated in New Lebanon, New York.  

Healthy, strong vine, enduring.  Slender, dark brown canes.  Large, circular, thick, dark bronze leaves.  Berries oval, large, and with tough skin; juicy.  Seeds free, in large numbers, large, long, and brown.

NORTON 

(AEstivalis, Labrusca)

Norton serves little purpose beyond wine and sometimes grape juice.  Eastern America heavily uses this grape for such production.  Norton, a robust and well-producing vine, is typically grown south of the Potomac River due to the need of a longer warm season for the vine to reach proper maturity.  Rich clays, sands, and fertile soils are required.  The vine produces medium size bunches of small berries that are delicious when ripe but tart if not mature.  It is not known from where Norton originates but has been documented since 1830.  

Vigorous and healthy vine, produces well.  Cane long and thick with dark brown blooms.  Nodes are much larger than other varieties; long internodes; sporatic tendrils sometimes continuous and long.  Small, round, black, glossy berries with thin skin.  Berry constant and heavy bloom; dark red color; juicy, spicy, and tart.  Free small, brown seeds, two to six.

OPORTO

(Vulpina, Labrusca)

Oporto is currently not well-known, but was once popular as a wine grape for its color and flavor that resembled Oporto.  Its popularity diminished due to its inferior vine qualities compared to other grapes.  Its value lies in breeding for some of its characters.
