As with Elvira and other varieties of this group, Noah is of little
value in the North. It originated with Otto Wasserzieher, Nauvoo, Illinois, from seed of Taylor
planted in 1869.

    Vine vigorous, doubtfully hardy, productive. Clusters
    variable in size, cylindrical, single-shouldered, compact; pedicel
    short with a few small warts; brush short, brown. Berries small,
    round, light green tinged with yellow, dull with thin bloom, firm;
    skin adherent to pulp; flesh yellowish-green, translucent, juicy,
    tough, fine-grained, vinous, sprightly; good. Seeds adherent, one
    to four, dark brown.

NORTHERN MUSCADINE

(Labrusca)

That this variety, together with Lucile, Lutie and other grapes with the foxy taste strongly
marked, has not become popular, in spite of good vine characters, is evidence that the American
public do not desire such grapes. In appearance of fruit, Northern Muscadine is much like Lutie,
the two being distinguished from other grapes by an unmistakable odor. A serious defect of
the fruit is that the berries shatter badly as soon as they reach maturity. Taken as a whole,
the vine characters of this variety are very good and offer possibilities for the grape-breeder.
The variety originated at New Lebanon, New York, and was brought to notice by D. J. Hawkins
and Philemon Stewart of the Society of Shakers about 1852.

    Vine vigorous, productive, healthy, hardy. Canes slender, dark
    brown, heavily pubescent; tendrils continuous, bifid, dehisce
    early. Leaves large, round, thick; upper surface dull, rugose;
    lower surface dark bronze, heavily pubescent. Berries
    large, oval, dark amber with thin bloom, drop badly from the
    pedicel; skin tough, adherent, astringent; flesh pale green,
    juicy, fine-grained, tender, soft, very foxy, sweet; poor in
    quality. Seeds free, numerous, large, broad, faintly notched,
    long, brown.

NORTON

(Æstivalis, Labrusca)

Norton is one of the leading wine-grapes in eastern America, the fruit having small value for
any other purpose than wine or, possibly, grape-juice. The vine is hardy but requires a long,
warm season to reach maturity so that it is seldom grown successfully north of the Potomac.
Norton thrives in rich alluvial clays, gravels or sands, the only requisite seemingly being
a fair amount of fertility and soil warmth. The vines are robust; very productive, especially
on fertile soils; as free, or more so, from fungal diseases as any other of our native grapes;
and are very resistant to phylloxera. The bunches are of but medium size and the berries are
small. The grapes are pleasant eating when fully ripe, rich, spicy and pure-flavored but tart
if not quite ripe. The variety is difficult to propagate from cuttings and to transplant, and
the vines do not bear grafts well. The origin of Norton is uncertain, but it has been under
cultivation since before 1830, when it was first described.

    Vine very vigorous, healthy, half-hardy, productive. Canes long,
    thick, dark brown with abundant bloom; nodes much enlarged;
    internodes long; tendrils intermittent, occasionally continuous,
    long, bifid, sometimes trifid. Berries small, round-oblate,
    black, glossy with heavy bloom, persistent, soft; skin thin, free
    with much dark red pigment; flesh green, translucent, juicy,
    tender, spicy, tart. Seeds free, two to six, small, brown.

OPORTO

(Vulpina, Labrusca)

Oporto was at one time in demand as a wine grape because its wine resembled in color and flavor
that from Oporto. The variety is now scarcely known, being inferior in most of its horticultural
characters to others of its species, but might be valuable in breeding for some of its characters.
