As with Elvira and other varieties of this group, Noah is of little value in the North. It originated with Otto Wasserzieher, Nauvoo, Illinois, from seed planted in Taylor in 1869. 
Vine vigorous, doubtfully hardy and productive. Clusters of variable size, cylindrical, single shoulder, compact with short pedicel, with a few small warts short brush and brown. Berries small, round, light green tinged with yellow, matte with fine grain and firm the skin attached to the flesh, flesh yellowish green, translucent, juicy, hard, fine grain, wine, lively, good. Seeds adherent, one to four dark brown. 

NORTH Muscat 

(Labrusca) 

That variety, along with Lucile, Lutie and other grapes with foxy flavor strongly marked, has not been popular, despite good wine character, is evidence that the American public does not want those grapes. On the fruit, in the north is very similar to Muscadine Lutie, the two are distinguished from other grapes by a distinctive odor. A serious shortcoming of the fruit is badly shattered the berries as soon as they reach maturity. Taken together, the characters of this grape variety are very good and have the potential of the grape-breeder. The variety originated in New Lebanon, New York, and was made aware of Philemon Hawkins and DJ Stewart Leaders Society on 1852. 

Vine vigorous, productive, resilient healthy. Canes slender, dark brown, very pubescent tendrils continuous, bifid, early dehiscence. Large leaves and round, thick, upper surface dull, rough, dark surface under bronze, very pubescent. Berries large, oval, dark amber color, with flowers fine, drop badly from pedicel; skin tough, adherent, astringent, pale green flesh, juicy, fine-grained, tender, gentle, very clever, sweet, low-quality. Seeds free, numerous, large, wide, slightly serrated, long, brown. 

NORTON 

(Summer, Labrusca) 

Norton is one of the major wine grape in eastern America, the fruit is of little value for any purpose other than wine or, possibly, grape juice. The vine is hardy, but requires a long season, warm to reach maturity so rarely grown successfully north of the Potomac. Norton thrives in rich alluvial clay, gravel and sand, the only requirement appears to be a good amount of soil fertility and heat. The vines are hardy, very productive, especially on fertile soils, free, or more, due to fungal disease like any other of our native grapes, and are very resistant to phylloxera. The clusters are medium in size, but the berries are small. The grapes are nice to eat when fully ripe, rich, spicy and sour taste pure, but is not very mature. The variety is difficult to propagate by cuttings and transplants for, and the vines do not support well the grafts. The origin of Norton is uncertain, but has been cultivated since before 1830, when it was first described. 

Vine very vigorous, healthy, half-hardy and productive. Canes long, thick, dark brown with abundant flowers, more enlarged lymph nodes, internodes long, tendrils intermittent, sometimes continuous, long, bifid, sometimes trifid. Berries small, round, flat, black, shiny, with large flowers, persistent, smooth, thin skin, free very dark red pigment, green flesh, translucent, juicy, tender, spicy, sour. Seeds free, two to six, small, dark. 

OPORTO 

(Vulpine, Labrusca) 

Porto was once in demand as a wine grape because it looked like his wine color and flavor from Oporto. The variety is now little known, being lower in most of the other horticultural characters of their species, but can be useful in improving some of its characters.
