Nervous system degenerations give rise to progressive deterioration of all intellectual and also ethical functions more specifically, the decay which represents the phenomena of weak-mindedness, a lot more complicated with sensational as well motor disturbances, then gradually leads to completely stupidity. 
Many of these mental disorders resulting from alcohol intoxication is very significant. We do not make a mistake, if we claim that in between 20-25 per cent. of all mental illnesses that are directly or indirectly related to the evil consequences of self-indulgence in use alcoholic beverages. This opinion is from several authorities of mental illness in all countries. The habitual self-indulgence leads to severe (psychological?) Lesions (belonging to nervous system), which can show itself in different types of insanity, but to express themselves, above all, as mental weakness, is not only in the people whose nervous system is impaired through inherited or acquired defects, but also among those whose mental organization is unchanged. In many cases, we see the lesser forms of madness or insanity in its complete form and psychological disturbances are unclear, and neurosis, and epilepsy among this requires special attention. 

Research among the insane patients department of Berlin Charite hospital, the professor in charge Westfahl carried out by Dr. T. Gallen (Uber die Beziehunger des Alcoholismus zur Epilepsie. Inaug. Dissert. 1881, Berlin) shows that among 607 patients who had come into the ward as epileptic insane or epileptics, are 150 that is 24.7 percent. had been addicted to alcholic drinks, out of which 133 were before and 17 were after the disease had been proved, further, out of 1572 patients with delirium tremens, alcoholism, alcoholic, dementia, and ebrietas, 15.4 percent that is 243 were found epileptic, and that intemperance was present in 221 before occurrenceof epilepsy and, finally, amongst 2679 patients who entered the department during six and a half years, 18 percent or 393 were epileptics and inebriates. Of the 128 epileptics, those I was able to note during their visit Institute Plotseurie, 21 per cent of them were drunkards, and 20 per cent. were the offspring of intemperate parents. 

If the list of injuries in which intemperance, as we have noticed, does directly to the pshychologic or mental life of man is a very important one, a devastating effect, which is result of intemperance of parents inderectly, on the psychological foundation of their immediate descendants would be great and catastrophic. Children of dissolute parents often become drunkards like them, they get inherited degeneration of the corrupted psychological foundation, and carry the influence of this degeneration through their life. Descendants of drunkards are not only grow weaker, get sick, and die very early, particularly with brain diseases, but, as Howe, Dahl, Beach, Morel and others have indicated, they are often born stupid, or shows signs of madness quiet early. Under alcohol, the individual drinker Constitution would be reduced and depraved, and under the law of inheritance, is heredicted to offspring. 

Professor Bollinger, the last writer on inheritance of the disease (Stuttgart, 1882 - Cotta - Uber Dererbung von Krankheiten), names of alcohol use transient abnormal conditions, during which the design, its influence so that the children of dissolute parents acquire pathological, and in particular neuro-pathological, dispositions. Intemperance, says the author, it is acute and its chronic form, often causes pathological changes in the nervous system, and can thus pathological differences between children be partially explained by the same parents.
