This degeneration of the nervous system lead to a progressive deterioration of all intellectual and, more particularly the ethical, a deterioration of the phenomenon of weak mind, complicated by a number of sensations and motor disorders, and little little end in complete idiocy. 
The number of mental disorders that are caused by alcohol poisoning is very considerable. Did not err if we say that 20 to 25 percent. of all mental illnesses are directly or indirectly related to the evil consequences of intemperance in the use of intoxicating liquors. This is the opinion of many authorities on mental illness in all countries. habitual intemperance leads to severe (mental? ) Injuries (nervous system), which may manifest in different forms of dementia, but are expressed primarily as mental weakness, not only in people whose nervous system was weakened by inherited or acquired defects, but also in those whose mental organization was intact. In many other cases we see less complete forms of insanity and more confusing psychological disorders and neuroses, and among the last epilepsy demands special attention. 

A survey among patients in the insane department of the Charité Hospital in Berlin by Prof. Westfahl, which was performed recently by Dr. T. Galle (Über die Beziehung zur Epilepsie des Alcoholismus. Has opened. Dissertations. 1881, Berlin), showed that among 607 patients who had entered the room as epilepsy or epileptic insane, 150 = 24.7 percent. had been addicted to drink and 133 before and 17 after the disease had been shown; also that of 1572 patients with delirium tremens, alcoholism, alcoholic dementia, and ebrietas, 243, or 15.4 percent., were epileptic, and that intemperance 221 was present before the onset of epilepsy, and Finally, that among 2679 patients who entered the apartment six and a half, 393, or 18 percent., gets drunk and epilepsy. Among 128 epileptics who have had occasion to observe in the host institute, Plotseurie, 21 per cent. were drunk and 20 per cent. children whose parents were intemperate. 

If the list of injuries that intemperance, as we have seen, directly affects the mental life of man is very considerable, the negative effect that occurs indirectly, by the intemperance of parents, of the mental constitution of its progeny is not certainly as large and disastrous. The children of intemperate parents frequently become drunkards themselves; who have inherited a degeneration of the Constitution also contains, and the seal of this degeneration within themselves. The offspring of drunkards are not only weak and sickly, and die early, especially for diseases of the brain, but, as Dahl, Morel, Howe, Beach, and others have shown, are often born fool, or show the first signs of insanity. Under the influence of alcohol, the individual constitution of the person who drinks becomes low and evil, and, according to the law of inheritance, is transmitted through the seed of the race. 

Prof. Bollinger, the last writer of the inheritance of the disease (Stuttgart, 1882 - Cotta - Uber Dererbung von Krankheit), alcoholism among the names of transient abnormal conditions, during the design, use their influence for children of intemperate parents acquire pathological, and in particular the provisions neuro-pathological. Intemperance, says he, in his sharp, and in its chronic form, often causes pathological changes in the nervous system and can therefore pathological differences in children of the same parents can be partially explained.
