These degenerations of the nervous system
give rise to a progressive decay of all intellectual and also, more especially, of the ethical
functions, a decay which presents the phenomena of feeble mindedness, complicated with a large
number of sensational and motor disturbances, and gradually ends in complete idiocy.

The number of those mental disturbances which are caused by alcohol intoxication is a very
considerable one. We do not err if we assert that from 20 to 25 per cent. of all mental diseases
stand in a direct or indirect relation to the evil consequences of intemperance in the use
of intoxicating liquors. This is the opinion of a large number of authorities on mental diseases
in all countries. Habitual intemperance leads to severe (psychical?) lesions (of the nervous
system) which may show themselves in the different forms of insanity, but express themselves
chiefly as mental weakness, not only in persons whose nervous system was weakened through inherited
or acquired defects, but also in those whose mental organization was intact. In many other
cases we see less complete forms of insanity and more indistinct psychological disturbances
and neuroses, and among the latter epilepsy demands particular attention.

An investigation among the patients in the insane department of the Berlin Charite Hospital,
in charge of Prof. Westfahl, which was lately carried on by Dr. T. Galle (Uber die Beziehunger
des Alcoholismus zur Epilepsie. Inaug. Dissert. 1881, Berlin), showed that among 607 patients
who had entered the ward as epileptics or epileptic insane, 150 = 24.7 per cent. had been addicted
to drink; 133 before, and 17 after the disease had shown itself; further, that of 1572 patients
with delirium tremens, alcoholism, alcoholic dementia, and ebrietas, 243, or 15.4 per cent.,
were epileptic; and that in 221 intemperance was present before the outbreak of epilepsy; finally,
that among 2679 patients which entered the department in six and a half years, 393, or 18 per
cent., were inebriates and epileptics. Among 128 epileptics which I had occasion to note in
the receiving institute, Plotseurie, 21 per cent. were drunkards and 20 per cent. were the
offspring of intemperate parents.

If the list of injuries which intemperance, as we have seen, does directly to the mental life
of man is a very considerable one, the baneful effect which is produced indirectly, by the
intemperance of parents, upon the mental constitution of their progeny is surely just as great
and disastrous. The children of intemperate parents frequently become drunkards themselves;
they have inherited a degeneration of the vitiated constitution, and carry the stamp of this
degeneration within themselves. The offspring of drunkards are not only weakly and sickly,
and die early, especially of diseases of the brain, but, as Dahl, Morel, Howe, Beach, and others
have shown, they are frequently born idiotic, or show early signs of insanity. Under the influence
of alcohol, the individual constitution of the drinker becomes lowered and depraved, and, according
to the law of inheritance, is transmitted through the progeny to the race.

Prof. Bollinger, the latest writer on inheritance of disease (Stuttgart, 1882--Cotta--Uber
Dererbung von Krankheiten), names alcoholism among the transient abnormal conditions which,
during conception, exert their influence, so that children of intemperate parents acquire pathological,
and especially neuro-pathological, dispositions. Intemperance, says this author, in its acute,
as well as in its chronic form, causes frequently pathological changes in the nervous system,
and thus may the pathological differences in children of the same parents be partially explained.
