As the sun dimmed, the fight came to a close. Sir your endeavors of larceny have ended and your slight to my benefactor shall be paid in full. "Who sent you? mumbled James, his face beaten and bloodied, cowering in the gutter. "I am called the Collector" said the lumbering man. "You can call me master for now, for that seems the most appropriate given your circumstance". "What was stolen has been recovered from your room James but there must be justice it seems, so you will work for her until your told otherwise". The theif sat back all at once looking suprised,relieved and filled with a new sort of worry.

The constable returning from his rounds stoped as a shadow crossed his path. Moments later on his back the arrogent enforcer himself was beging for mercy. "Please what do you want?" muttered the officer. "A debt to be paid nothing less or more" said he. "Wha?" "Who are you?!". "I am the Collector and your debts shall be paid". The by now pale constable didnt know what was coming but all-ready feared the worst.

The head moneychanger, self important and untouchable by even the law itself. That was yesterday, today he found himself waylaid in his own bedroom. Muttering a dozen quick questions, "Sir who are you?" "Do you know who I am!?" "I'll have you hung for this". The Collector took his time and ignored the small mans furry. "I am the Collector and today all of your assets are now at her disposal" "In fact all of your subordinates will also pay a tax on each loan given". The moneychanger gasped "that's impossible". "It's all-ready done, this is HER city now" he smiled.

Three weeks later the queen and her guard riding into town came to a halt as a man appeared on the bridge. "My lady a word if you would" called the lone rider. The guards looked ready to pounce, but the queen gave the signal for him to approach unimpeded. "Sir you have alot of gall showing yourself in public, less so in the presence of the royal guard". "Not so fair queen" "The guard has belonged to Her for many a day now" he said. The queen gasped "Not possible". The Collector beamed as he said "Today we talk the future of Her kingdom, and your place in it".

Home the servant rode, The Collector having turned an entire city on its head. The place was simple, if slightly fine. She was waiting there, somewhere, in the darkness. News of the first city to bend their knee's on his lips. One way or another they would all know Her name.
