And at the close of the day, one of the chief knights came to fight with him, and he overthrew
him also, so that he besought his mercy.  "Who art thou?" said Peredur.  "Verily," said he,
"I am Master of the Household to the earl."  "And how much of the countess's possessions is
there in thy power?"  "The third part, verily," answered he.  "Then," said Peredur, "restore
to her the third of her possessions in full, and all the profit thou hast made by them, and
bring meat and drink for a hundred men, with their horses and arms, to her court this night.
And thou shalt remain her captive, unless she wish to take thy life." And this he did forthwith.
And that night the maiden was right joyful, and they fared plenteously.

And the next day Peredur rode forth to the meadow; and that day he vanquished a multitude of
the host.  And at the close of the day, there came a proud and stately knight, and Peredur
overthrew him, and he besought his mercy.  "Who art thou?" said Peredur.  "I am Steward of
the Palace," said he.  "And how much of the maiden's possessions are under thy control?"  "One-third
part," answered he.  "Verily," said Peredur, "thou shalt fully restore to the maiden her possessions,
and, moreover, thou shalt give her meat and drink for two hundred men, and their horses and
their arms.  And for thyself, thou shalt be her captive."  And immediately it was so done.

And the third day Peredur rode forth to the meadow; and he vanquished more that day than on
either of the preceding.  And at the close of the day, an earl came to encounter him, and he
overthrew him, and he besought his mercy.  "Who art thou?" said Peredur.  "I am the earl,"
said he.  "I will not conceal it from thee."  "Verily," said Peredur, "thou shalt restore the
whole of the maiden's earldom, and shalt give her thine own earldom in addition thereto, and
meat and drink for three hundred men, and their horses and arms, and thou thyself shalt remain
in her power."  And thus it was fulfilled.  And Peredur tarried three weeks in the country,
causing tribute and obedience to be paid to the maiden, and the government to be placed in
her hands. "With thy leave," said Peredur, "I will go hence."  "Verily, my brother, desirest
thou this?"  "Yes, by my faith; and had it not been for love of thee, I should not have been
here thus long."  "My soul," said she, "who art thou?"  "I am Peredur the son of Evrawc from
the North; and if ever thou art in trouble or in danger, acquaint me therewith, and if I can,
I will protect thee."

So Peredur rode forth.  And far thence there met him a lady, mounted on a horse that was lean,
and covered with sweat; and she saluted the youth.  "Whence comest thou, my sister?"  Then
she told him the cause of her journey.  Now she was the wife of the Lord of the Glade. "Behold,"
said he, "I am the knight through whom thou art in trouble, and he shall repent it, who has
treated thee thus."  Thereupon, behold a knight rode up, and he inquired of Peredur, if he
had seen a knight such as he was seeking.  "Hold thy peace," said Peredur, "I am he whom thou
seekest; and by my faith, thou deservest ill of thy household for thy treatment of the maiden,
for she is innocent concerning me."  And the knight plighted him his faith thereto.

Then Peredur rode forward.  And above him he beheld a castle, and thitherward he went.  And
he struck upon the gate with his lance, and then, behold, a comely auburn-haired youth opened
the gate, and he had the stature of a warrior, and the years of a boy.  And when Peredur came
into the hall, there was a tall and stately lady sitting in a chair, and many handmaidens around
her; and the lady rejoiced at his coming.  And when it was time, they went to meat.
