"Had he ever been beyond Peloro?" "O yes, signor; my wife,
Caterina, was herself from Messina,"--and on great saints' days they had gone there often.
Poor fellow, his great saint's day sealed his fate. I nodded to Frank,--Frank nodded to me,--and
Frank blandly informed him that, by order of General Garibaldi, he would take the gentleman
at once on board, pass the strait with him, "and then go where he tells you."

The Southern Italian has the reputation, derived from Tom Moore, of being a coward. When I
used to speak at school,

    "Ay, down to the dust with them,--slaves as they are!"--

stamping my foot at "dust," I certainly thought they were a very mean crew. But I dare say
that Neapolitan school-boys have some similar school piece about the risings of Tom Moore's
countrymen, which certainly have not been much more successful than the poor little Neapolitan
revolution which he was pleased to satirize. Somehow or other, Victor Emanuel is, at this hour,
king of Naples. Coward or not, this fine fellow of a fisherman did not flinch. It is my private
opinion that he was not nearly as much afraid of the enterprise as I was. I made this observation
at the moment with some satisfaction, sent Frank's man up to my lodgings with a note ordering
my own traps sent down, and in an hour we were stretching out, under the twilight, across the
little bay.

No! I spare you the voyage. Sybaris is what we are after, all this time, if we can only get
there. Very easy it would be for me to give you cheap scholarship from the Æneid, about Palinurus
and Scylla and Charybdis. Neither Scylla nor Charybdis bothered me,--as we passed wing-wing
between them before a smart north wind. I had a little Hunter's Virgil with me, and read the
whole voyage,--and confused Battista utterly by trying to make him remember something about
Palinuro, of whom he had never heard. It was much as I afterwards asked my negro waiter at
Fort Monroe about General Washington at Yorktown. "Never heard of him, sir,--was he in the
Regular army?" So Battista thought Palinuro must have fished in the Italian fleet, with which
the Sicilian boatmen were not well acquainted. Messina made no objections to us. Perhaps, if
the sloop of war which lay there had known who was lying in the boat under her guns, I might
not be writing these words to-day. Battista went ashore, got lemons, macaroni, hard bread,
polenta, for themselves, the Giornale di Messina for me, and more Tunisian; and, not to lose
that splendid breeze, we cracked on all day, passed Reggio, hugged the shore bravely, though
it was rough, ran close under those cliffs which are the very end of the Apennines,--will it
shock the modest reader if I say the very toe-nails of the Italian foot?--hauled more and more
eastward, made Spartivento blue in the distance, made it purple, made it brown, made it green,
still running admirably,--ten knots an hour we must have got between four and five that afternoon,--and
by the time the lighthouse at Spartivento was well ablaze we were abreast of it, and might
begin to haul more northward, so that, though we had a long course before us, we should at
last be sailing almost directly towards our voyage's end, Gallipoli.

At that moment--as in any sea often happens, if you come out from the more land-locked channel
into the larger body of water--the wind appeared to change. Really, I suppose, we came into
the steady southwest wind which had probably been drawing all day up toward the Adriatic. In
two hours more we made the lighthouse of Stilo, and I was then tired enough to crawl down into
the fearfully smelling little cuddy, and, wrapping Battista's heavy storm-jacket round my feet,
I caught some sort of sleep.

But not for very long.
