"Had he ever been out past Peloro?" "Oh, certainly, sir; Caterina, my dear wife, was from Messina," --and they had often gone there on great saints' days.  This poor man, his great saint's day was the nail in his coffin.  Frank and I gave each other a nod, and then Frank told him that by General Garibaldi's orders, he must immediately take the man on board, pass the strait, and then go where the man told him to go.

Because of Tom Moore, the Southern Italian has somewhat of a reputation of being a coward.  As I used to say at school, "down to the dust with them, those slaves."  And I would stomp my foot when I said "dust," thinking they were a lousy bunch.  But I would wager that Neapolitan children sing a similar tune about the risings of Tom Moore's countrymen, which in any case have not had much more success than the tiny Neapolitan revolution he liked to satirize.  By some circumstance, Victor Emanuel at the moment is the king of Naples.  Coward or not, the fisherman did not flinch.  Personally, I thought he wasn't nearly as afraid of the upcoming events as I was myself.  I thought of this with some satisfaction, sent Frank's man to my room with a note indicating I wished for my things to be sent, and within the hour we were setting out, under the moonlight, across the water.

I will spare you the narrative of our voyage.  After all, we are after Sybaris, if we can make it to that point.  It would not be difficult for me to tell you some tales from the Aeneid, about Cyclops, Circe, Palinurus, Scylla, and Charybdis.  Scylla and Charybdis both left me alone when I sailed past.  I had a copy of Virgil with me, and read the whole thing, and very much confused Battista by trying to ask him a question about Palinuro, of whom he knew absolutely nothing.  It was a lot like the time I was dining at Fort Monroe and asked the waiter something about General Washington at Yorktown.  "Haven't heard of him, mister,--was he with the Regular army?"  So Battista thought Palinuro was someone from the Italian fleet, whom the Sicilians did not know well.  Messina did not object to us.  It is possible that if the warship that lay there had known who was riding in the boat in her line of fire, I would not be writing this text today.  Battista went onto the shore, and brought back lemons, macaroni, crusty bread, and polenta.  For me, he brought the Giornale di Messina and more Tunisian.  For fear of losing the fortunate wind, we pressed onward, past Reggio, hugging the shoreline, though it was rough.  We ran quite close beneath those cliffs at the end of the Apennines--I dare say the very toenails of that famed Italian foot--and kept going farther and farther east.  As Spartivento disappeared behind us, it became blue, then purple, then brown, then green; we must have been going ten knots per hour on that afternoon, and by the time the Spartivento lighthouse was lit, we were far past it, and began to turn our course more northward, such that, though we had a ways yet to go, we were finally sailing in the direction of our final destination, Gallipoli.

At that very moment, as often happens in the sea, if you are heading out to sea from a more land-locked channel, the wind seemed to change.  In actuality, I believe we came into the wind from the southwest, which had all day been drawing up toward the Adriatic.  We passed the lighthouse of Stilo in two hours, and at that point I was exhausted enough to crawl down into the foul smelling bowels, and, using Battista's coat to warm my feet, I slept a bit.

But I did not sleep for long.
