"Il." i. 146, xxi. 589 people, "Od." xiv. 552 of things. Pind. "Pyth." iv. 140, "Isthmus." 7 (6), 30. 
And now for the media: What is the principle Do you expect your income to flow to a greater extent - to maintain their own private equity (4) employees, or by means devised to make resources statewide (5) productive? 

(4) Reading () IDIA, al. () IDIA = "private capital employed." 

(5) Lit. "Of all citizens equally," each of the members of the state. " 

And with talk of what people have to be the flower of the institutions, a noble exercise in itself and it better corresponds to a great man - I mean the art of carriage horse breeding (6) - reflecting the higher brightness in you, that you personally (7) should train and send large festive gatherings (8) more cars than anything else Hellene? or rather that their state should have more horses racing-breeders than other states, that from Syracuse as many should enter the contest the prize? 

(6) Cf. Plat. "Laws", 834 B. 

(7) Breit. cf. Pind. "Ol." i. 82, "Pyth." i. 173 ii. 101, iii. 96. 

(8) "Our feasts," for example, those in Olympia, Delphi, the Isthmus, Nemea. 

What would you consider the most noble conquest - to achieve a victory under a car, or for the happiness of a people, that state that you are the boss and the boss? And for my part, I argue that ill becomes a tyrant to enter the lists with private citizens. To take the case to win, not going to be admired, but instead of envy, when you think how many private fortunes go to swell the current of their expenses, while if he loses, he will become the laughing stock of all mankind . (9) 

(9) O ", he laughed and jeered at all last priority," and historically was the fate of Dionysus, 388 or 384 a. C. (?) And for the possible connection between this incident and tried to view this Lys. "Olymp." And Prof. Jebb remarks on the passage, "Att. Or." ip 203 Foll. Grote, "HG" xi. 40 ff., "Plato, iii. 577. 

No, no! I tell you, Hiero, the battlefield, your stadium is true with the presidents of champion of the rival states, on whose heads lower your destiny to lift the state, of which you are the boss and supreme leader at some point unprecedented wealth, which if achieved, be sure it would pass the victory in a contest of the noblest and most stupendous in the world. 

Because what follows? First, you for a quick hit and led to the very thing that has set its heart, you will have earned the affection of his subjects. Secondly, you do not need no herald to proclaim his victory, not a single man, but the entire humanity, hymn of his virtue. 

Wherever you put your feet to be watched, and not by individual citizens, but by a hundred states welcome. You will be a marvel, not in private but in public view. 

The Convention is open for you, as safety is concerned, to make your trip where you can watch the games or other entertainment, or which shall be open to wait at home, and still achieve its purpose. 

Before an assembly met daily, one great company of people willing to show what can happen to each have the wisdom, courage, or beauty; (10) and a multitude of people eager to do the service. Present, which concerns each and all the allies as a juror, or absent, to know that each and every one has a desire to set eyes on you. 

(10) O, "to show their wares of wisdom, beauty, excellence." 

The final will not only be loved, but I loved with passion, by humans. It will not be necessary to attract the fair, but that support the implementation of the foreplay.
