"Il." i. 146, xxi. 589, of persons; "Od." xiv. 552, of
    things. Pind. "Pyth." iv. 140; "Isth." 7 (6), 30.

And now for ways and means: On which principle do you expect your revenues to flow more copiously--by
keeping your own private capital (4) employed, or by means devised to make the resources of
the entire state (5) productive?

 (4) Reading {idia}, al. {idia}, = "your capital privately employed."

 (5) Lit. "of all citizens alike," "every single member of the state."

And next to speak of that which people hold to be the flower of institutions, a pursuit both
noble in itself and best befitting a great man--I mean the art of breeding chariot-horses (6)--which
would reflect the greater lustre on you, that you personally (7) should train and send to the
great festal gatherings (8) more chariots than any Hellene else? or rather that your state
should boast more racehorse-breeders than the rest of states, that from Syracuse the largest
number should enter to contest the prize?

 (6) Cf. Plat. "Laws," 834 B.

 (7) Breit. cf. Pind. "Ol." i. 82; "Pyth." i. 173; ii. 101; iii. 96.

 (8) "Our solemn festivals," e.g. those held at Olympia, Delphi, the
    Isthmus, Nemea.

Which would you deem the nobler conquest--to win a victory by virtue of a chariot, or to achieve
a people's happiness, that state of which you are the head and chief? And for my part, I hold
it ill becomes a tyrant to enter the lists with private citizens. For take the case he wins,
he will not be admired, but be envied rather, when is is thought how many private fortunes
go to swell the stream of his expenditure; while if he loses, he will become a laughing-stock
to all mankind. (9)

 (9) Or, "you will be mocked and jeered at past all precedence," as
    historically was the fate of Dionysus, 388 or 384 B.C. (?); and
    for the possible connection between that incident and this
    treatise see Lys. "Olymp."; and Prof. Jebb's remarks on the
    fragment, "Att. Or." i. p. 203 foll. Grote, "H. G." xi. 40 foll.;
    "Plato," iii. 577.

No, no! I tell you, Hiero, your battlefield, your true arena is with the champion presidents
of rival states, above whose lesser heads be it your destiny to raise this state, of which
you are the patron and supreme head, to some unprecedented height of fortune, which if you
shall achieve, be certain you will be approved victorious in a contest the noblest and the
most stupendous in the world.

Since what follows? In the first place, you will by one swift stroke have brought about the
very thing you have set your heart on, you will have won the affection of your subjects. Secondly,
you will need no herald to proclaim your victory; not one man only, but all mankind, shall
hymn your virtue.

Wherever you set foot you shall be gazed upon, and not by individual citizens alone, but by
a hundred states be warmly welcomed. You shall be a marvel, not in the private circle only,
but in public in the sight of all.

It shall be open to you, so far as safety is concerned, to take your journey where you will
to see the games or other spectacles; or it shall be open to you to bide at home, and still
attain your object.

Before you shall be gathered daily an assembly, a great company of people willing to display
whatever each may happen to possess of wisdom, worth, or beauty; (10) and another throng of
persons eager to do you service. Present, regard them each and all as sworn allies; or absent,
know that each and all have one desire, to set eyes on you.

 (10) Or, "to display their wares of wisdom, beauty, excellence."

The end will be, you shall not be loved alone, but passionately adored, by human beings. You
will not need to woo the fair but to endure the enforcement of their loving suit.
