Il. I. 146, XXI 589, of Persons: "Od." xiv. 552, of things. Pind. Pyth. iv. 140; Isth 7 (6), 30. 

Here is other ways and means; On which strategy do you expect your profits to flow more copiously--by keeping your own private capital (4) employed, or by means made to make the resources of the entire state more productive? 

(4) Reading idia, al. idia, = your capital selected privately. 

(5) Lit. every citizens alike, every individual member of the state. 

Next is to speak of that which people hold to be the stem & flower of different institutions, a pursuit that is noble in itself and best going to a great man--I mean the art of developing chariot-horses (6)--which would reflect the greater character on you, that you (7) should train and send to the great get togethers (8) more chariots than any Hellene else? or otherwise that your state should market more racehorse-breeders than the rest of the competition, that from Syracuse the biggest number should enter to compete for the prize? 


(6) Cf. Platform Law 

(7) Breit. cf. Pind. Ol. i. 82; "Pyth." i. 173; 

(8) Our solemn festivals, e.g. those taken place at Olympia, Delphi, the Isthmus, Nemea. 

What would you call the nobler conquest--to win a victory by virtue of a chariot, or to achieve a people's happiness, that state of which you are the head and chief? And for me, I hold it that becomes a tyrant person to enter the lists with selected citizens. Take the case they win, they will not be admired for it, but be envied instead, when is is thought how many fortunes go to swell the stream of their expenditures; while if he does not win, he will become a laughing-stock to all. (9) 

(9) Or, "you will be taunted and ridiculed at past for all precedence," as history shows was the fate of Dionysus, 388 or 384 BC; and for the connection between that circumstance and this treatise see Lys. Olymp; and Professor Jebb's studies on the fragment. 

No, no! I tell you, Hiero, your battlefield, your true arena is with the champion presidents of rival states, above whose lesser heads be it your destiny to raise this state, of which you are the patron and supreme head, to some unprecedented height of fortune, which if you shall achieve, be certain you will be approved victorious in a contest the noblest and the most stupendous in the world. 

Since what follows? In the first place, you will by one swift stroke have brought about the very thing you have set your heart on, you will have won the affection of your subjects. Secondly, you will need no herald to proclaim your victory; not one man only, but all mankind, shall hymn your virtue. 

Wherever you set foot you shall be looked upon, and not only by citizens alone, but by a hundred states be cordially welcomed. You shall be a marvel, not in the private group only, but in broad daylight of all. 

It will be available to you, so as safety is concerned, to take your journey where you will to see the games or other events; or it shall be available to you to reside in your home, and still grasp your object. 

Before you shall be brought together daily, an assembly, an amazing company of people willing to provide whatever each may happen to possess of wisdom, value, or beauty; (10) and another group of people eager to do you service. Present, regard them each and all as pledged allies; or absent, know that each and all have one purpose, to see you. 

(10) The end will be clear and soon, you shall not be loved just by one, but followed loyally, by human beings. You will not need to impress the fair but to endure the enforcement of their love.
