A Westphalian prisoner told of a person in charge requiring them to shoot a couple women.  He spoke of one of the women clinging to a child by the child's hand and after falling to the ground upon us firing on them the child was dragged on the ground with his mother.  The prisoner also stated that the commander ordered them to finish the child off.  According to the prisoner, the commander said it was out of mercy because the child couldn't make it on its own.  After a bureaucrat in Rouves refused to tell a Bavarian commander how many French troops were in the neighboring areas the bureaucrat was shot two times from the Bavarian's revolver.  Another incident, in Crezancy, a young adult of 18 was killed by another commander merely to prevent him from joining the opposing army later in life.  And the atrocities continued in Embermenil where a married woman by the name of Masson was fired upon and killed for supplying information that she thought was correct, but turned out to be false.  Again, a twisted mercy was purported to be given her by the murderers as they sat her upon a bench to save her discomfort prior to her execution due to her being in a state of pregnancy.  Two men of the cloth were killed in Ethe for purportedly having buried weapons underground.  A high-ranking official in their military killed 4 fugitives after having ordered their arrest in Marqueglise.  They were Belgians and the commander obviously didn't care for them as such since her remarked that, "The Belgians are filthy people."  Her personally killed three of them on the spot.  The fourth Belgian died the next day.

Of all the people fleeing a burning Louvain the relgious order was set aside and scrutinized.  For example, a Jesuit father named Dupierreux contained a passage that equated the atrocities Atila and his Huns laid upon their vanquished with the atrocities that he witnessed in present day Louvain.  In his passage her spoke of his growth--how he once smiled upon reading of Atila's expoits, but not could no longer find joy in any such misery due to the present circumstances of his immediate surroundings.  A lieutenant in the German army declared that such an interpretation by the father would provoke rebellious and murderous acts.  He congregated the Jesuit's followers around him and ordered that he be shot on the spot.  After this order was carried out, his followers were ordered to bury their compatriot.

A few Uhlans found a couple adolescent males on a road in Pin.  They drew and quartered the two boys on the spot.  The tortured bodies of the boys were found a couple or three miles up the road.  Not only were their bodies mangled by the horses, but they were also tortured by men's hands.  One of the boys had his throat cut and both were shot in their heads.  The horses ensured that their bodies lay mangled, as evidenced by their crushed knees.  Brocard, a laborer from Sermaize, and his son were taken into custody.  After seeing this, his wife and daughter-in-law frenetically threw themselves into a nearby river.  Out of concern, the man broke away from his arresting officers to try and save his family.  The men were arrested and after being released a few days later found the women in the river, dead.  They had been shot many times by the German soldiers.  On another occassion, Dergent, a parish priest, was dehumanized by being disrobed, hands and feet crushed by the blunt end of a rife, then hung upon a cross in the town of Aerschot.  The inhabitants were made to pee on him as they passed by him before he was officially killed by firearm then discarded as trash in a nearby canal.

When Herimenil was being seiged upon, the residents were holed up in a church where they were forced to stay for four days without sustenance.  One of residents of Herimenil, the 23-year-old Madame Winger, did not get to the church refuge quickly enough.  So a captain of the marauding partner ordered that she and her 3 servants be killed.  Another young woman, one girl, and two boys lay dead!

As inhabitants of Monchy-Humieres watched the Germans march into their locale, no resistance was shown toward the invading party.  Yet, a German soldier thought he heard someone call them "Prussians" so he ordered an element of his army to fire upon the crowd.  One of the villagers was killed and two were wounded.  One of the wounded was a helpless girl who was only 4 years old.
