Everything is interesting. Nothing is isolated. Nothing is insignificant. Everything you are touching is thrilling. It doesnt seem to matter much what you are looking at: try to look long enough, and a life starts out. You see that the thing has causes and consequences, dependencies, bearings, and all kinds of social interests; and before you know, you are involved in those interesting things and are one of the family. For the time being, you stake all on that issue, and fight for survival. When that is decided, and you stop to breath for a moment, something else is coming equally interesting and equally important, and again your mind is in rest. When it is comimg to the quantities of morals, there is not much difference between one thing and another. And when you ask to fold my hands and sit still? Not me. One of my youthful maxims was: "Do something, if it's mischief"; and I intend to follow this maxim, especially the condition of it. I always promise myself to do the best I can, but I will do it. I will never write because of the sake of writing, but I will say my say. I have not been rumbling underground all my life, only to find a volcano at last, and then making it choke up after a single eruption. There are lots of rows of blocks standing around the walls of my workshop, waiting to be chiselled.
And I shall not be confined to my sphere. I hate my sphere. I like everything that is outside of the sphere, or, even better, my sphere rounds out infinitely into space. Nil humani a me alienum puto. I was born in the whole world. I am monarch of all I see. Wherever I see the sympthons of a pie, always shall my fingers travel. Wherever a windmill is flapping, it shall go hard but I will have a tilt at it. I shall not wait until I know what I am talking about. If I ever did, I never should be talking at all. This is a well-known principle in educational science. The surest way to learn anything is to teach it. How much changes would Geology get, if the professors talked only of what they knew? Planting their feet firmly on facts, they know about it in their own theories. By carefully noting, publishing, comparing, discussing their uncertainties, they will be sure that they are sure. Horace might advocate a nine years' delay. He was building for himself a monument that should defy his rolling years. He was setting to work so badly to compass immortality, and a little time, more or less, made no difference to finish his work. Apollo and Bacchus could afford to wait. Beautiful daughters of beautiful mothers will exist to the world's end, and their praises will always be in order. But when the next unmindful generation, which will have its books and its memories. Though you are unread and forgotten, mindful only of this generation which groans and travails in pain, you look on suffering that you yearn to assuage, a danger of which you long to warn, sadness of which you would fain dispel, burdens that which you would strive to, though ever so little. To lighten, delay, even for things so desirable as complete knowledge and perfect polish,  this becomes not only absurd, but also impossible. Better shoot it into the cavern, even if you don't know in what precise part of it the dragon lies coiled. The flash of your powder may reveal his whereabouts to a marksman. A transient immortality is of no importance, what is important is the fact that hearts are purified, homes made happy, paths cleared, clouds dispelled. Is that not noble? But the noblest way to benefit posterity is to serve the present age. To serve it by doing one's best, by doing it now, not waiting for some distant day when one can do it better. A writer deserves no pardon for careless or hurried writing. All the time he has mental ability to spend on it, so much time he should devote to it. Then speed it on its way.
