And everything is so interesting. Nothing is isolated. Nothing is insignificant.
Everything you touch thrills. It does not seem to matter much what you look at: only look long
enough, and a life, its life, starts out. You see that it has causes and consequences, dependencies,
bearings, and all manner of social interests; and before you know it, you have become involved
in those interests and are one of the family. For the time, you stake all on that issue, and
fight to the death. As soon as that is decided, and you stop to take breath a moment, something
else comes equally interesting and seeming equally important, and again your lance is in rest.
When it comes to the quantities of morals, there isn't much difference between one thing and
another. And you ask me to fold my hands and sit still! Not I. One of my youthful maxims was,
"Do something, if it's mischief"; and I intend to follow it, especially the condition. I promise
to do the best I can, but I shall do it. I will never write for the sake of writing, but I
will say my say. I have not been rumbling underground all my life, to find a volcano at last,
and then let it be choked up after a single eruption. There are rows of blocks standing around
the walls of my workshop, waiting to be chiselled.

And I shall not confine myself to my sphere. I hate my sphere. I like everything that is outside
of it,--or, better still, my sphere rounds out infinitely into space. Nihil humani a me alienum
puto. I was born into the whole world. I am monarch of all I survey. Wherever I see symptoms
of a pie, thither shall my fingers travel. Wherever a windmill flaps, it shall go hard but
I will have a tilt at it. I shall not wait till I know what I am talking about. If I did, I
never should talk at all. It is a well-known principle in educational science, that the surest
way to learn anything is to teach it. How fast would Geology get on, if its professors talked
only of what they knew? Planting their feet firmly on facts, they feel about in all directions
for theories. By carefully noting, publishing, comparing, discussing their uncertainties, they
presently arrive at a certainty. Horace might advocate nine years' delay. He was building for
himself a monument that should defy the rolling years. He was setting to work in cool blood
to compass immortality, and a little time, more or less, made no difference. Apollo and Bacchus
could afford to wait. Beautiful daughters of beautiful mothers will exist to the world's end,
and their praises will always be in order. But when, unmindful of the next generation, which
will have its books and its memories, though you are unread and forgotten, mindful only of
this generation which groans and travails in pain, you look on suffering that you yearn to
assuage, danger of which you long to warn, sadness which you would fain dispel, burdens which
you would strive, though ever so little, to lighten, delay, even for things so desirable as
complete knowledge and perfect polish, becomes not only absurd, but impossible. Better shoot
into the cavern, even if you don't know in what precise part of it the dragon lies coiled.
The flash of your powder may reveal his whereabouts to a surer marksman. A transient immortality
is of no importance; it is of importance that hearts be purified, homes made happy, paths cleared,
clouds dispelled. Is that ignoble? Very well. But the noblest way to benefit posterity is to
serve the present age,--to serve it by doing one's best, indeed, but by doing it now, not waiting
for some distant day when one can do it better. A writer deserves no pardon for careless or
hurried writing. As much time as he has mental ability to spend on it, so much time he should
devote to it. But then speed it on its way.
