"Mr. Galton," said Herbert, who had completed the game and beat his sister,  and could afford to turn his attention to the frivolous fun of his elders. "Do you know what," Rose said , when she saw you coming? She said, "Oh, I'm so happy!"

"Herbert," begged Rose, blushing under these words carefully reported, and fear that Mr. Galton, not knowing the motive which prompted it, would not know whether to be ecstatic or sarcastically, "You're a terrible boy !

"Herbert has done me a great favor," said the gentleman, flattered,  seeing the embarrassment of Rose as very natural and very pleasant under the circumstances. "All my doubts are by this welcome thrown away to make me happy."

In the fear that perhaps these doubts would unhappy return if he could talk with an overly friendly younger brother, Rose devoted herself with nervous attention, entertainment, and succeeded more brilliantly. Fragments of laughter and chat drove over to where Eva wanted Allen to play checkers.

"Only one game, please, Mr. Dunlop," asked the little girl in irresistible accents.

"If you only knew what a miserable player I am," said the young man in gloom.

"Oh, you're a miserable player?" she exclaimed brightly, "I'm so happy. Then there will be some chance for me." She added, confidentially, "I am still miserable."

"I hope you can never be for the same reason," said Allan, with a half-suppressed views of the lively pair in the vicinity of the window.

A lover, of its nature, must be decided unhappy or very happy, and it is unlikely that perfect happiness may reign in a heart,  if his beautiful mistress spends her smile at another man. Allan does not think Rose really cares for Mr. Galton - he had seen too much evidence to the contrary - but he thought she was gave that gentleman every reason to believe that she cared. With how many men has she  pursued this approach, and was he to believe her guilty of careless coquetry? On how many admirers, can a rose give up its perfume and still retain its sweet innocent heart for its beloved? 

These were the questions that rankled in his mind, while Eva set the pieces in place.

"Maybe I can stop you from getting to keep your king," she said triumphantly.

"If I can only keep my queen," said the young man distantly.

"But, Mr. Dunlop, there are no queens in this game, it is not like chess."

"As you can see how little I know about it," the answer was.

Despite this painful expression of the ignorance of the two fighters,  for a while they seemed to be very evenly matched. Then, the advantage was clearly on Allan's side. His king committed terrible havoc among the scattered ranks of the enemy, until suddenly, as he watched the painful tension of the little attention and warm colors in the face of his fair enemy, a strange and inexplicable weariness fell on his troops. They seemed to be respected, whether they lived or died, while her shameless commander, surveying it came with an anxious expression, his emotion in such exclamations as, "Dear me!" "Why did I not see that move?" or: "The idea that you are two men on a Jump!" Finally, the announcement that he was completely defeated by Eva made happy, and incredulous heard of Herbert, his sister saw with surprise opponents, not with pity unmingled.

"The battle is surely lost!" Herbert cited the historic words in a comforting way, "but there is time to win to another."

"I am not afraid," said Allan, rising and preparing to leave.

"I wish you could have won the game, as well," said Eva, suddenly stricken with remorse at the center of her good fortune.

"You are a very friendly little girl.
