
"Mr. Galton," said Herbert, who, having completed the game, and vanquished his sister, could
afford to turn his attention to the frivolous conversation of his elders, "do you know what
Rose said when she saw you coming? She said, 'Oh, dear, I am so glad!'"

"Herbert," implored Rose, crimsoning under these carefully reported words, and fearing that
Mr. Galton, not being aware of the motive which prompted them, would not know whether to be
ecstatic or sarcastic, "you are a terrible boy!"

"Herbert has done me a great kindness," exclaimed the flattered gentleman, who considered Rose's
embarrassment quite natural, and very pleasing under the circumstances. "All my doubts of a
welcome he has happily removed."

In the fear that these doubts might unhappily return if he were allowed to continue conversation
with a too-confiding younger brother, Rose devoted herself with nervous intentness to his entertainment,
and succeeded brilliantly. Fragments of laughter and chat drifted across to where Eva was trying
to persuade Allan into playing checkers.

"Just one game, please, Mr. Dunlop," pleaded the little damsel, in resistless accents.

"If you but knew what a wretched player I am," said the young man gloomily.

"Oh, are you a wretched player?" she exclaimed brightly, "I am so glad. Then there is some
chance for me." She added confidentially, "I am even more wretched."

"I hope you may never have the same reason to be," said Allan, with a half-suppressed glance
at the lively pair near the window.

A lover, from his very nature, must be decidedly unhappy or supremely blest, and it is scarcely
to be expected that perfect felicity can reign in a heart whose pretty mistress is spending
her smiles on another man. Allan did not believe that Rose really cared for Mr. Galton--he
had seen too many proofs to the contrary--but he did believe that she was giving that objectionable
gentleman every reason to think that she did care. With how many men did she pursue this course
of action, and was he to believe her guilty of careless coquetry? Upon how many admirers may
a rose breathe perfume and still keep its innocent heart sweet for its lover? These were the
questions that rankled in his mind, while Eva set the checkers in place.

"Perhaps I can keep you from getting a king," she said exultantly.

"If I can only keep my queen," observed the young man absently.

"Why, Mr. Dunlop, there are no queens in this game; it isn't like chess."

"There! you see how little I know about it," was the regretful reply.

Despite this painful manifestation of ignorance the two combatants appeared for a while to
be very equally matched. Then the advantage was clearly on Allan's side. His king committed
frightful havoc among the scattered ranks of the enemy, till suddenly, as he observed the painful
stress of attention and warm colour in the face of his fair little foe, a strange and unaccountable
languor fell upon his troops. They seemed to care not whether they lived or died, while their
shameless commander, surveying them with anxious countenance, gave vent to his emotion in such
ejaculations as, "Dear me!" "Why didn't I see that move?" or, "The idea of your taking two
men at one jump!" At last the announcement that he was completely vanquished was joyfully made
by Eva, and incredulously listened to by Herbert, who viewed his sister's opponent with amazement,
not unmingled with pity.

"The battle is indeed lost!" Herbert said, quoting the historic words in a consolatory way;
"but there is time to win another."

"I'm afraid not," said Allan, rising and preparing to depart.

"I wish that you could have won the game, too," said Eva, suddenly stricken with remorse in
the midst of her good-fortune.

"You are a very kind little girl.
