The Queen heard Helen calling her aloud:

"Rei," she cried, "come close and have no fear. Come close that I will accompany you down that path the Wanderer treads. Come close quick, for the hero's last battle appears, and I will be there even if he dies."

Rei heard her and came close trembling, taking away from him the woman's weeds he carried, and showing the priest's clothing beneath. And as he came, the fire that she was wrapped around, scorched upward like flame. She stretched out her hand to him and said:

"Lead me to your chariot, Rei, and let us therefore."

At that moment he led her to the chariot, while those who stood near ran away in fear. She went into the chariot, as he sat himself right next to her. Then he took the reins and commanded the horses, as they bounced forward and absorbed into the night. 

But Meriamun cried in her anger:

"The Witch is gone, gone with my own servant that she got ahold of and led elsewhere. Bring chariots, and let the horsemen come along with the chariots, because I will send them to follow wherever she goes, ay, even to the end of the world if necessary. 

VII

THE LAST FIGH OF ODYSSEUS, LAERTES' SON

Now the ruler of Pharaoh walked forth, to go into battle with the Nine-bow barbarians. And before the ruler walked forth, the Captains came to the Wanderer, as rules of the ruler, and as they placed their hands in his, they promised to do their best on the march and in the battle. They brought him the great black bow of Eurytus, as well as his own sword of bronze, Euryalus' gift, and many arrows, and his heart celebrated as he saw the goodly weapon. He took the bow and tried it, and as he pulled the string, once more and for the last time it was ready for the death it was about to cause. The Captains heard the Song of the Bow, although the Wanderer already knew what was said, because they were always the last to know, their cry, like the cry of someone who drowns in water far from an earthly world. They were amazed at the wonder, and said one to another that this man was not mortal, rather a God that came from the Under-world.

At that moment the Wanderer climbed into the bronze chariot that was already ready for him, and stared the march. 

All night the ruler walked quickly, and during the day they camped beneath the shadows of a long low hill. As soon as the sunrise came the Wanderer left the ruler, climbed atop the hill with some of the Captains, and looked forward. Right in front of him was a great shortcut through the mountains, pretty long, but it ran straight through like a road. The sides of the mountains even enveloped to the road, and were covered wigh rocks that were split by the sun, polished by the sand, and covered with bushes that grew with difficulty, like the hair on arm of a man. To the left of the mountains was Sihor river, but no one passed between the mountain and the river. The Wanderer came down from the hill, and as the soldiers ate, he went into his chariot and drove a little forward to look at the road to come. Here he saw that the river curved to the left, leaving a great plain, and on this plain he saw the Nine-bow barbarians, the hightest rulers that his eyes had ever seen. They were camping by nations, and in each nation there was twenty thousand men, and way beyond the camp of the barbarians he saw the curved ships of the Achaeans. They were lined up on the beach of the great river, just like he had seen them lined up years ago at the shore of Ilios. He looked at the plain and thought about how they would pass, on mountain and river, and even meausured the number of people. At that moment his heart filled with the desire and passion for battle, and his warlike devious side arised. Of all the leaders he was the most skilled in this craft of battle, and he desired that this last war should be the greatest of all.
