Scattered clouds
dappled the whole vast landscape with shadows; the river, winding down the middle of the scene,
drew the whole into harmony, as it were, making it in some nobly literal sense picturesque;
while the distance was of such an exquisite blue as I think I never saw before.

How good life is at its best! And in such

                "charmëd days,
    When the genius of God doth flow,"

what care we for science or the objects of science,--for grosbeak or crossbill (may the birds
forgive me!), or the latest novelty in willows? I am often where fine music is played, and
never without being interested; as men say, I am pleased. But at the twentieth time, it may
be, something touches my ears, and I hear the music within the music; and, for the hour, I
am at heaven's gate. So it is with our appreciation of natural beauty. We are always in its
presence, but only on rare occasions are our eyes anointed to see it. Such ecstasies, it seems,
are not for every day. Sometimes I fear they grow less frequent as we grow older.

We will hope for better things; but, should the gloomy prognostication fall true, we will but
betake ourselves the more assiduously to lesser pleasures,--to warblers and willows, roses
and strawberries. Science will never fail us. If worse comes to worst, we will not despise
the moths.

DECEMBER OUT-OF-DOORS.

    "December's as pleasant as May."
                            Old Hymn.

For a month so almost universally spoken against, November commonly brings more than its full
proportion of fair days; and last year (1888) this proportion was, I think, even greater than
usual. On the 1st and 5th I heard the peeping of hylas; Sunday, the 4th, was enlivened by a
farewell visitation of bluebirds; during the first week, at least four sorts of butterflies--Disippus,
Philodice, Antiopa, and Comma--were on the wing, and a single Philodice (our common yellow
butterfly) was flying as late as the 16th. Wild flowers of many kinds--not less than a hundred,
certainly--were in bloom; among them the exquisite little pimpernel, or poor man's weather-glass.
My daily notes are full of complimentary allusions to the weather. Once in a while it rained,
and under date of the 6th I find this record,--"Everybody complaining of the heat;" but as
terrestrial matters go, the month was remarkably propitious up to the 25th. Then, all without
warning,--unless possibly from the pimpernel, which nobody heeded,--a violent snow-storm descended
upon us. Railway travel and telegraphic communication were seriously interrupted, while from
up and down the coast came stories of shipwreck and loss of life. Winter was here in earnest;
for the next three months good walking days would be few.

December opened with a mild gray morning. The snow had already disappeared, leaving only the
remains of a drift here and there in the lee of a stone-wall; the ground was saturated with
water; every meadow was like a lake; and but for the greenness of the fields in a few favored
spots, the season might have been late March instead of early December. Of course such hours
were never meant to be wasted within doors. So I started out, singing as I went,--

    "While God invites, how blest the day!"

But the next morning was pleasant likewise; and the next; and still the next; and so the story
went on, till in the end, omitting five days of greater or less inclemency, I had spent nearly
the entire month in the open air. I could hardly have done better had I been in Florida.

All my neighbors pronounced this state of things highly exceptional; many were sure they had
never known the like. At the time I fully agreed with them. Now, however, looking back over
my previous year's notes, I come upon such entries as these: "December 3d.
