Scattered clouds dotted the entire landscape with an assortment of shadows; the stream wound down the middle of the view, summing up the picture into bliss, as if it were making it into a masterpiece; while in the distance resided the most majestic blue I have ever laid eyes upon.

Life is so good at its best! And in such

"charmed days, When the genius of god doth flow,"

what care do we have for science or the objects used for science, or in science, -- grosbeak or crossbill (let the birds forgive me!), or the latest novelty in willows? I often try to be where music is playing, and always try to be interested; as a man says, I am pleased. When the 20th time arrives, perhaps, my ears will distinguish the music within the music; and in that hour, I will stand in front of Heaven's gate. We appreciate its natural beauty for what it appears to be. Being is its presence always, our eyes are only rarely anointed to gaze upon it. But, such bliss does not occur every day, and will not happen every day. It is my fear, that they grow less frequent with my age.

We will hope for the better; but, if the gloomy prognostication become true, we will must betake ourselves the more assiduously to the more minor pleasures, -- to warblers and willows, roses and strawberries. Science will not ever fail us. If worse is to come, we will not despise the moths.

DECEMBER OUTSIDE.

"December's as pleasant as May." Old Hymn.

For a month so spoken against universally, November commonly brings more than its full allotment of fair days; and last year (1888) this proportion was, I think, more than usual. On the 1st and 5th I listened to the peeping of hylas; Sunday, the 4th, was brightened up by a final visitation of bluebirds; during the first week, at least four sorts of butterflies--Disippus, Philodice, Antiopa, and Comma--were on the wing, and a single Philodice (our common yellow butterfly) was flying as late as the 16th. Many kinds of wild flowers-- 100 or more, certainly--were in bloom; among them the exquisite little pimpernel, or poor man's weather-glass. My daily notes are packed of admiring allusions to the weather. Every now and then it rained, and on the 6th I find this record,--"Everybody complaining of the heat;" but as earthly matters go, the month was remarkably promising up to the 25th. Then, without any warning at all,--unless possibly from the pimpernel, which nobody heeded,--a violent snow-storm consumed us. Railway travel and telegraphic communication were greatly interrupted, while along the coast came stories of shipwreck and loss of life. Winter was here in earnest; for the next three months there would be few good walking days.

December opened with a mild gray morning. The snow had since disappeared, leaving only the remains of a slight wind here and there in the lee of a stone-wall; the ground was soaked thoroughly with water; all the meadows were like lakes; and but for the greenness of the landscapes in only a few spots, the season might have seemed to be late March instead of early December. Of course such hours were not to be wasted within doors. So I started out, singing as I went,--

"While God invites, how blest the day!"

But the next morning was enjoyable likewise; and the next; and still the next; and so on, till in the end, omitting five days of greater or less inclemency, I had spent almost the entire month outside. I could barely have done better had I been in Florida.

All my neighbors thought of these things as highly exceptional; many were sure they had never known the like. At the time I agreed fully with them. Now, however, looking back over my previous year's notes, I come upon such entries as these: "December 3d.
