He had some once, but Bullock took him into a corner, and got it from
him. He has a moderate tick opened at a tart-woman's. He stops at Rodwell Regis through the
year: school-time and holiday-time, it is all the same to him. Nobody asks about him, or thinks
about him, save twice a year, when the Doctor goes to Gaunt House, and gets the amount of his
bills, and a glass of wine in the steward's room.

And yet you see somehow that he is a gentleman. His manner is different to that of the owners
of that coarse table and parlor at which he is a boarder (I do not speak of Miss R. of course,
for HER manners are as good as those of a duchess). When he caught Miss Rosa boxing little
Fiddes's ears, his face grew red, and he broke into a fierce inarticulate rage. After that,
and for some days, he used to shrink from her; but they are reconciled now. I saw them this
afternoon in the garden where only the parlor-boarders walk. He was playful, and touched her
with his stick. She raised her handsome eyes in surprise, and smiled on him very kindly.

The thing was so clear, that I thought it my duty to speak to old Zoe about it. The wicked
old catamaran told me she wished that some people would mind their own business, and hold their
tongues--that some persons were paid to teach writing, and not to tell tales and make mischief:
and I have since been thinking whether I ought to communicate with the Doctor.

THE OLD PUPIL.

As I came into the playgrounds this morning, I saw a dashing young fellow, with a tanned face
and a blond moustache, who was walking up and down the green arm-in-arm with Champion Major,
and followed by a little crowd of boys.

They were talking of old times evidently. "What had become of Irvine and Smith?"--"Where was
Bill Harris and Jones: not Squinny Jones, but Cocky Jones?"--and so forth. The gentleman was
no stranger; he was an old pupil evidently, come to see if any of his old comrades remained,
and revisit the cari luoghi of his youth.

Champion was evidently proud of his arm-fellow, he espied his brother, young Champion, and
introduced him. "Come here, sir," he called. "The young 'un wasn't here in your time, Davison."
"Pat, sir," said he, "this is Captain Davison, one of Birch's boys. Ask him who was among the
first in the lines at Sobraon?"

Pat's face kindled up as he looked Davison full in the face, and held out his hand. Old Champion
and Davison both blushed. The infantry set up a "Hurray, hurray, hurray," Champion leading,
and waving his wide-awake. I protest that the scene did one good to witness. Here was the hero
and cock of the school come back to see his old haunts and cronies. He had always remembered
them. Since he had seen them last, he had faced death and achieved honor. But for my dignity
I would have shied up my hat too.

With a resolute step, and his arm still linked in Champion's, Captain Davison now advanced,
followed by a wake of little boys, to that corner of the green where Mrs. Ruggles has her tart
stand.

"Hullo, Mother Ruggles! don't you remember me?" he said, and shook her by the hand.

"Lor, if it ain't Davison Major!" she said. "Well, Davison Major, you owe me fourpence for
two sausage-rolls from when you went away."

Davison laughed, and all the little crew of boys set up a similar chorus.

"I buy the whole shop," he said. "Now, young 'uns--eat away!"

Then there was such a "Hurray! hurray!" as surpassed the former cheer in loudness. Everybody
engaged in it except Piggy Duff, who made an instant dash at the three-cornered puffs, but
was stopped by Champion, who said there should be a fair distribution. And so there was, and
no one lacked, neither of raspberry, open tarts, nor of mellifluous bulls'-eyes, nor of polonies,
beautiful to the sight and taste.
