We do not have faith in ourselves, or our assignment, or our divine decrees. Our existence has no hypothesis, and we care only for outward shapes and emblems. Our taste is disgusted by the crudeness of vice, but we have no quarrel with the question itself; and if the people around us will only preserve a shining, or at least harmless shell, that is all we request. Why should we inspect below the façade in their case, when we do no such thing in our own? We feel affable, elegant, and cultured; we hate the appearance of low impropriety, and would take a lot of trouble to put it appart; we look very amiable on the world in general, if the low people who are living in it would only become as comely as ourselves. In the old republics, the situation was other. There men had a hypothesis, even if a wrong one, and they stuck to it through good report and through bad report. The hypothesis was the soul of the people, and its members inmolated to it their whole personality. No wonder that such little political integrity held together as if their forming parts had been bonded, and that they continued to do so till they came into crash, and, from their rigidness and rudeness, wiped one another out.

Put down thievery and bribing: that is honest. And more especially put down open, flagrant, and violent thievery and bribing, for its very hardness is, in itself, an extra felony. But no amend is efective that does not come from within; and when refined men carry on war against common depravity,  let them look acutely to their own. I do not speak, that by taking thought they will be able to do completely away with the alluring influence of a defer, or a dinner, or a caring action; and that, in spite of these, they will do their obligation with the stern resolve of an old Spartan. But they will be less likely to yield to seduction, and the price of their valor will at least mount higher and higher, which is as much as we can expect of human nature. The grand advantage, however, they will derive from the inmolatioon, is the lesson of tolerance it will train. They will refrain, for shame's sake, from casting rocks and calling nicknames. They will see that the only part of the insult, they can notice is bad taste and oblivion, and they will quietly try to upgrade the one and advise the other.

THE EGYPTIAN MUSEUM, LIVERPOOL.

In a cross street called Colquitt Street, near a fashionable prom of Liverpool, will be found the opulent, expensive, and interesting museum which we are about briefly to review. It is the property of Mr Joseph Mayer, F.S.A., a townsman of Liverpool, esteemed as much for his private wealth as for his exquisite classical elegance. This gentleman has been long known as a collector; and by the purchase of a complete gallery of antiquities, formed by one who travelled long in Egypt and Nubia, and visited the remains of old Carthage, he became possessed of a museum so large that his private household could not contain them, and so exceptional, that the people desired to know more about them. With the view, therefore, of keeping them together, and gratifying the many who longed to acquaint themselves with these interesting artifacts of an interesting civilization, this household in Colquitt Street has been appropriated. For the purpose of meeting the current expenses of the exposition, and enabling the owner to add to its contents, a very trifling charge is made for admission, and a diary is kept for the comments of the visitors.

The first room entered shows a big collection of Egyptian stelæ and other statues, while the outer cases and sarcophagi of many mummies are placed in another apartment. The word stela means merely a gravestone or tombstone; and in this room the reflective mind will find much resources for concentration.
