The outer posts were aligned in pairs a few inches apart, which were three feet apart, then two more, and so on. They were all about eight inches in diameter, and ranged from two and a half 

to three feet into the ground, except one a few feet from the center, which went down fully five feet. All the holes were loaded with the loose dark dirt which results from decay of wood; a few 

enclosed fragments of charcoal, burned bones or stone, but no ashes; nor was the surrounding earth at all burned.
"Around the outside a deep ditch from three to four feet wide, and  eighteen to twenty inches deep, had been dug, to carry away the water  from the roof. Near the middle of this house, which 

measured about forty feet from side to side, a large fire had been kept burning for several hours, the ashes being removed from time to time. The ash bed was elliptical in form, measuring about 

thirteen feet from east to west, and five from north to south. Under the center of it was a hole, ten inches across and a foot deep, filled with clean white ashes in which was a little charcoal, packed 

very hard. At the western end, on the south side (or farthest from the center of the house), was a mass of burned animal bones, ashes, and charcoal. This was continuous with the ash bed, though 

patently not a part of it. The bones were in small pieces, and were, no doubt, the remains of a funeral feast or offering.

"After the fire died down, rude tools were used to dig a grave at the middle of the house. It measured ten feet in length, from east to west, by a little more than six in breadth. The sides were 

straight, slanting inward, with rounded corners. The bottom was nearly level, fourteen inches deep, but slightly lower at the center. Over the bottom, ashes had been thinly scattered, and on 

these a single thickness of bark had been laid. The sides had been lined with wood or bark from two to four inches thick. When this was done, two bodies were placed side by side in the grave, both 

extended at full length on the back, with heads directly west. One, judging from the bones and condition of the teeth, was a woman of perceptible age. She was placed in the middle of the grave. 

Her right arm lay along the side, the left hand being under the pelvic bones of the other skeleton. This was patently of a man not much, if any, past grown up. The right arm lay across the 

stomach, the left across the hips. This skeleton was five feet ten inches in length; the other, five feet four inches.

"The space between the first skeleton and the south side of the grave was covered with the ashes that had been removed from the fire. Beginning at the feet in a thin layer--a mere streak--they 

gradually increased in thickness toward the head, where they were fully six inches thick. The head was embedded in them. They extended to the end of the grave, reaching across its entire width 

and coming almost, but not quite, in contact with the other head. A perceptible amount of the burned bones lay in the southwestern corner of the grave, and the ashes along this part curved up 

over the side until they merged into what remained of the ash bed. This had extended to the west slightly beyond the end of the grave.

"As the soil removed from the grave had been thrown out on every side, the bodies were in a ditch that was nearly two feet deep. The next step was to cover them. There was no sign of bark, 

cloth, or any other shielding material on  them. They were covered with a black sandy soil, which must have been brought from the inlet not far distant. This was piled over them while 

wet, or at least damp enough to pack robustly, as it required the pick to loosen it, and, besides, was steeper on the sides than dry dirt would have been.
