The outer posts were arranged at an interval of about three feet, then two, in pairs a few inches apart, and so on.  All  were about eight inches in diameter, extended from two and a half to three feet into the ground. only one went down fully five feet.  
Dark dirt decay of wood filled the holes. Fragments of charcoal were in few, burned bones or stone, but no ashes; the surrounding earth were not  all burned.  

To drain away water  from the roof a trench from three to four feet wide, and eighteen to twenty inches deep, had been dug, around the outside. A large fire had been  burning for several hours   near the middle of this house, which measured about forty feet from side to side, ashes being removed frequently. Ash bed was elliptical in shape of about thirteen feet from east to west, and five from north to south. Ten inches across and a foot deep hole was under the center packed very hard with clean white ashes along with little charcoal. At the farthest from the center of the house or  the western end, on the south side, was a heap of burned animal bones, ashes, and charcoal. This was in continuous with the ash bed and not a part of it.  The small pieces of bones eventually the remains of a funeral feast or offering.

After the fire die down at the middle of the house a grave is dug  of ten feet in length, from east to west, by a little more than six in breadth, with straight side slanting inwards lined with wood or bark from two to four inches thick and of rounded corners. Ashes had been thinly sprinkled at the bottom over which single bark is laid.  On completing above, two bodies are placed side by side in the grave, with heads directly west at full length on the back.  The body of the aged woman, as judged from the condition of teeth and bones is placed in the middle of the grave. Her right arm lay along the side and left hand  under the pelvic bones of the other skeleton apparently of an aged man of past maturity. Right arm lay across the stomach  and left across the hips. This skeleton was five feet ten inches in length; the other, five feet four inches.

The south side of the grave and space between the first skeleton were covered with the ashes that had been removed from the fire. Beginning at the feet in a thin layer. The streak gradually increased in thickness toward the head, which was fully six inches thick and head was embedded in them. Reaching across its entire width  they extended to almost end of the grave in contact with the other head. A large amount of  burned bones lay in the southwestern corner of the grave, and the ashes along this part curved up to merge into what remained of the ash bed. This had extended to the west  beyond the end of the grave.

The dug out earth was thrown  on every side, the bodies were in a hole that was about two feet deep. They were covered with a black sandy earth brought from the creek not far away. This  damp enough to pack firmly that loosened it pick-axe.
