The music is pure sound, is somewhat more secure path to the reality behind the things of this appearance, but some, at least their music is definitely the shape and color, although to be beyond the colors of the rainbow. Because really, everything worth believing, all these things, these ideas, which renew the springs of our life, have form and color they have. Even the word differeth color blind one another in glory. 
This is not a chimera, not a mere subject of academic debate is the more practical issue in the world. For as the body is nourished by food alone, but by the living air, so the spirit is fueled not only by the action of law, but by inspiring ideas. The ideas are images, and the best ideas are color images. 

Hence the great value of words. It is idle to talk of "words, empty words," as if it were the foam in the ocean transient thought permanent. They are the vehicle, the body of thought. If the idea be superficial or silly, the words will actually be "inactive." But if the idea was inspired by the words will be the channel that inspiration. 

Most of this power in the words is lost to us today. All that tempts us to hurry on the words. We talk too quickly to pay the words the respect they deserve, and read the newspaper, magazine, novel, the play, the poem, with the same disastrous haste. We devour the words, but they lose their essence. Therefore there is a serious danger that this neglect through close out one of the main currents in which our life must be nurtured, if not, is reduced to the mere existence irritable.

There is a curious idea in some minds that the language is fine long words hard to understand. Nothing could be further from the truth. Most of the big words - the words of power, like the ancient Kabbalists called - are short words, common words. And how common are the sound of them in the mouth of the preacher! And yet it needs but little imagination to a passage into a series of tableaux. Fire, hail, snow, steam, hills, mountains, cedars, dragons and deeps - every word is a word of power "if only there's no hurry, if only every word that comes is given time to access the image reality in the eyes inward. 

And you can listen to the children of fourteen and fifteen years that have passed the exams on-line English recite "after the line of, say, Matthew Arnold and newt Forsaken with a simplistic colorless confident only due to fact that no teacher has taught respect for simple words. 

Simple, common words, yet if you care to everyone quietly as it is what poses a stimulating vision of the great beasts of the sea, and "the round ocean and the air of life." 

I am not advocating the concentration of stylist to the words that exalts them above the things the body forward. The most vivid and beautiful description of the morning in the English language - 

"Night of the candles burn, and am happy Stands tiptoe on the top of the mountain mist" 

when the voice speaks for vibrant in the world more sensitive, can never approach the break of dawn through genuine real mountains. But the point is that these two lines composed of simple words in English have the power, if we pay them respect, to create the aurora in the mind, and to facilitate the spirit in which the beauty that is your breath. 

If this patient with the words, in this regard familiar things fine 'mother tongue, this desire to make them yield up their strength and beauty, this has nothing to do with healthy living I do not know what you have. William Wordsworth's - 

"And inspire the lifestyles of their way back to the majestic heights" 

metric is only an expression of a great truth and practical.
