Music, which is pure sound, is to some the surest path to the Reality
behind this outward show things; yet to some at least of such music is indeed form and colour,
even though the colours be beyond the rainbow. For in truth, everything worth believing in,
all those things, those ideas, which renew the springs of our life, have form and they have
colour. Even to the colour-blind one word differeth from another in glory.

This is no idle fancy, no mere subject for academic debate: it is the most practical subject
in the world. For even as the body is fed not by food alone but by the living air, so is the
spirit nourished not alone by right action but by inspiring ideas. Ideas are pictures; and
the best ideas are coloured pictures.

Hence the great value of words. It is idle to speak of "words, idle words," as though they
were the transient froth on the permanent ocean of thought. They are the vehicle, the body
of thought. If the thought be shallow or silly, the words will indeed be "idle." But if the
idea be inspiring the words will be the channel of that inspiration.

The greater part of this power in words is lost to us to-day. Everything tempts us to hurry
over words. We talk too quickly to be able to pay that respect to words which they deserve;
and we read the newspaper, the magazine, the novel, the play, the poem, with the same disastrous
haste. We devour the words but lose their essence. Hence there is a grave danger that through
this neglect we shut out one of the main streams by which our life must be fed if it is not
to shrink into mere fretful existence.

There is a curious idea in some minds that fine language consists of long words difficult to
understand. Nothing could be farther from the truth. Most of the great words--the words of
power, as the old Kabalists called them--are short words, words in common use. And how common
is the sound of them in the mouth of the preacher! And yet it needs but a very little imagination
for such a passage to become a series of vivid pictures. Fire, hail, snow, vapour, hills, mountains,
cedars, dragons and deeps--every word is "a word of power" if only there is no hurry, if only
each word as it comes is given time to call up the picture of the real thing before the inward eye.

And you may hear children of fourteen and fifteen who have passed examinations in "English"
recite line after line of, say, Matthew Arnold's The Forsaken Merman with a glib self-assured
colourlessness due solely to the fact that no teacher has ever taught them respect for simple
words.

Simple, common words; yet if there is that leisurely attention to each one as it comes what
an exhilarating picture arises of the great sea-beasts, and of "the round ocean and the living
air."

I am not pleading for the stylist's concentration on words which exalts them above the things
they body forth. The most vivid and beautiful description of dawn in the English language--

   "Night's candles are burned out, and jocund morn
    Stands tiptoe on the misty mountain tops"

though spoken by the most sensitively vibrant voice in the world, can never come near the real
dawn breaking across real mountains. But the point is that those two lines composed of simple
English words have power, if we pay them respect, to create the dawn within the mind, and to
supply the spirit with that beauty which is its very breath.

If this patience with words, this respect for the familiar fine things of our native tongue,
this desire to make them yield up their strength and beauty, if this has nothing to do with
healthy living I don't know what has. William Wordsworth's--

   "And vital feelings of delight
    Shall rear her form to stately height"

is only a metrical expression of a great and practical truth.
