Frantic, the unhappy manager hurried away to the steam-packet office,
and was favoured by an inspection of the books, which confirmed the hateful tidings.  As if
in mockery of his bereaved and defrauded state, on returning home he found a polite note from
Mr. Gotobed, requesting him to call at the office of that eminent solicitor, with reference
to a young actress, named Sophy Waife, and hinting "that the visit might prove to his advantage!"
Dreaming for a wild moment that Mr. Losely, conscience- stricken, might through his solicitor
pay back his L100, he rushed incontinent to Mr. Gotobed's office, and was at once admitted
into the presence of that stately practitioner.

"I beg your pardon, sir," said Mr. Gotobed, with formal politeness, "but I heard a day or two
ago accidentally from my head clerk, who had learned it also accidentally from a sporting friend,
that you were exhibiting at Humberston, during the race-week, a young actress, named on the
play- bills (here is one) 'Juliet Araminta,' and whom, as I am informed, you had previously
exhibited in Surrey and elsewhere; but she was supposed to have relinquished that earlier engagement,
and left your stage with her grandfather, William Waife.  I am instructed by a distinguished
client, who is wealthy, and who from motives of mere benevolence interests himself in the said
William and Sophy Waife, to discover their residence. Please, therefore, to render up the child
to my charge, apprising me also of the address of her grandfather, if he be not with you; and
without waiting for further instructions from my client, who is abroad, I will venture to say
that any sacrifice in the loss of your juvenile actress will be most liberally compensated."

"Sir," cried the miserable and imprudent Rugge, "I paid L100 for that fiendish child,--a three
years' engagement,--and I have been robbed. Restore me the L100, and I will tell you where
she is, and her vile grandfather also."

At hearing so bad a character lavished upon objects recommended to his client's disinterested
charity, the wary solicitor drew in his pecuniary horns.

"Mr. Rugge," said he, "I understand from your words that you cannot place the child Sophy,
alias Juliet Araminta, in my hands.  You ask L100 to inform me where she is.  Have you a lawful
claim on her?"

"Certainly, sir: she is my property."

"Then it is quite clear that though you may know where she is, you cannot get at her yourself,
and cannot, therefore, place her in my hands. Perhaps she 's--in Heaven!"

"Confound her, sir! no--in America! or on the seas to it."

"Are you sure?"

"I have just come from the steam-packet office, and seen the names in their book.  William
and Sophy Waife sailed from Liverpool last Thursday week."

"And they formed an engagement with you, received your money; broke the one, absconded with
the other.  Bad characters indeed!"

"Bad!  you may well say that,--a set of swindling scoundrels, the whole kit and kin.  And the
ingratitude!" continued Rugge; "I was more than a father to that child" (he began to whimper);
"I had a babe of my own once; died of convulsions in teething.  I thought that child would
have supplied its place, and I dreamed of the York Theatre; but"--here his voice was lost in
the folds of a marvellously dirty red pocket- handkerchief.

Mr. Gotobed having now, however, learned all that he cared to learn, and not being a soft-hearted
man (first-rate solicitors rarely are), here pulled out his watch, and said,

"Sir, you have been very ill-treated, I perceive.  I must wish you good- day; I have an engagement
in the City.  I cannot help you back to your L100, but accept this trifle (a L5 note) for your
loss of time in calling" (ringing the bell violently).  "Door,--show out this gentleman."
