The many-sidedness of former theology were resolved in the abstract and impersonal entity of a whole and therefore the glory of nature happens to mark, as nothing or no one, and lost its charm. At the same time, the heroic adventure old were displaced by the legends of the saints, and the heroic spirit of the epic of antiquity by an asceticism that oppressed people, and before even the gods, whose power was stunned. With Brahmanism religion lost its original character and natural, and is characterized by a slavish submission of a priesthood, which repealed the truly human.

c. Speculative systems.

Lessons from Brahmins caused the emergence of various theological and philosophical systems. These include the first Vedanta "," (end of Veda) or exposure dogmatic apologetics of Vedas. This includes (a) establishing the authority of the Vedas as scripture revealed by Brahma and also the fact that is the tradition (2) proof that everything in the Veda has reference to Brahma (3), the ascetic, or discipline. To explain the conflicting evidence from the earlier and later parts of Vedas, the Brahmins learning makes use of the subtleties of a method of interpretation harmonistical. For the second "round trip" (investigation), devoted to solving the problem, how can it cause material world Brahma, or intangible? Under this system, there is only one Supreme Being, Paramatma, a name that Brahma had already distinguished himself in the book of Manu of the law. Outside this are higher, there is nothing really. The world of the senses, or nature (Maya, the feminine side of Brahma) is merely appearance or illusion of the senses. The human spirit is a part of Brahman, but perverted, deceived by the same illusion that the assumption that it is individual. This illusion is eliminated by a deeper vision, which dualism disappears from view of the wise man, and the pride that leads to true knowledge, Brahma alone is real, that nature, is not something and the human spirit is nothing but Brahman. Thirdly, "Sanky" (critical) are derived from Kapila, where the opposition to walk round, "" the individual and the real existence of nature, contrary to the spirit, is established as the point off, and the result is the original doctrine of two forces, spirit and nature, whose mutual action and reaction from another union of soul and body are explained. Is this union against nature, so the efforts of the wise man must escape through the view that the soul is not bound by the body, mastery of the subject. In this system there is no room for an infinite being, because if a material world exists, then God must be limited by their existence, and therefore cease to be infinite, which is God. Sankyo here philosophy at odds with the orthodox doctrine of the Brahmins, and paved the way for Buddhism.

d. Buddhism.

Brahmanism against Buddhism arose as a reaction. Siddhartha, son of Suddhodana, king of Kapilavastu, the Sakya family, (about 450 BC) moved from the misery of their compatriots, decided to investigate the reasons for it and if possible, find means to remedy it. Started in wisdom Brahmins, but not satisfied with that after years of solitary meditation retreat and quiet, penetrated with the principles of Sanky, crossed the earth as a pilgrimage (Sakya Muni, Sramana Gautama) and opened for the people of India a new religious era. The trend of the new doctrine was to break the caste system and liberate people from the yoke of irritating the hierarchy of Brahmins and dogmas.
