The many-sidedness of the earlier
theology resolved itself into the abstract unity of an impersonal All, and thus the glory of
nature passed by unmarked, as nought or non-existent, and lost its charm. At the same time,
the old heroic sagas were displaced by legends of saints, and the heroic spirit of the olden
epic by an asceticism which repressed the human, and before whose power even the gods stood
in awe. With Brahminism the religion lost its original and natural character, and became characterized
by a slavish submission to a priesthood, which abrogated the truly human.

c. The Speculative Systems.

The doctrine of the Brahmins occasioned the rise of various theological and philosophical systems.
To these belong, first, the "Vedanta," (end of the Veda) or the dogmatic-apologetic exposition
of the Veda. This contains (1) the establishment of the authority of the Veda as holy scripture
revealed by Brahma, and also of the relation in which it stands to tradition; (2) the proof
that everything in the Veda has reference to Brahma; (3) the ascetic system, or the discipline.
To explain contradictory statements in the older and later parts of the Veda, Brahminical learning
makes use of the subtleties of an harmonistical method of interpretation. Second, the "Mimansa"
(inquiry), devoted to the solution of the problem, How can the material world spring from Brahma,
or the immaterial? According to this system, there is only one Supreme Being, Paramatma, a
name by which Brahma himself had been already distinguished in Manu's book of law. Outside
of this highest Being, there is nothing real. The world of sense, or nature, (Maya, the female
side of Brahma), is mere seeming and illusion of the senses. The human spirit is a part of
Brahma, but perverted, misled by this same illusion to the conceit that he is individual. This
illusion is done away with by a deeper insight, by means of which the dualism vanishes from
the wise man's view, and the conceit gives place to the true knowledge that Brahma alone really
exists, that nature, on the contrary, is nought, and the human spirit nothing else than Brahma
himself. Third, the "Sankya" (criticism) originating with Kapila, in which, in opposition to
the "Mimansa," the individual being and the real existence of nature, in opposition to spirit,
is laid down as the starting-point, and the result reached is the doctrine of two original
forces, spirit and nature, from whose reciprocal action and reaction upon each other the union
of soul and body is to be explained. Is this union unnatural, then the effort of the wise man
should be to free himself, through the perception that the soul is not bound to the body, from
the dominion of matter. In this system, there is no room for an infinite being, for, if a material
world exist, then must God be limited by its existence, and therefore cease to be infinite,
that is God. The Sankya philosophy here came in conflict with the orthodox doctrine of the
Brahmins, and prepared the way for Buddhism.

d. Buddhism.

Against Brahminism Buddhism arose as a reaction. Siddharta, son of Suddhodana, the King of
Kapilavastu, of the family of the Sakya, (about 450 B.C.) moved by the misery of his fellow-countrymen,
determined to examine into the causes of it, and, if possible, to find means of remedying it.
Initiated into the wisdom of the Brahmins, but not satisfied with that, after years of solitary
retirement and quiet meditation, penetrated with the principles of the Sankya, he traversed
the land as pilgrim (Sakya-muni, Sramana, Gautama) and opened to the people of India a new
religious epoch. The tendency of the new doctrine was to break up the system of caste, and
free the people from the galling yoke of the Brahminical hierarchy and dogmas.
