The many-sidedness of earlier theology was resolved in the abstract and impersonal unity of a whole and, therefore, the glory of nature happens to mark, as nothing or no, and lost its charm. At the same time, the heroic adventures of old were displaced by the legends of the saints, and the heroic spirit of the epic of antiquity by an asceticism that repressed humans, and before even the gods whose power was stunned. With Brahmanism religion lost its original character and natural, and is characterized by a slavish submission to a priesthood, which repealed the truly human. 
c. Speculative systems. 

The doctrine of the Brahmins caused the emergence of various theological and philosophical systems. To these belong, first, the Vedanta "," (end of the Veda) or exposure dogmatic apologetics of the Vedas. This contains (1) establishing the authority of the Vedas as scripture revealed by Brahma, and also the relationship that is the tradition, (2) proof that everything in reference to the Vedas is Brahma ( 3) the ascetic, or discipline. To explain the contradictory statements of the older parts and later of the Vedas, the Brahmins learning makes use of the subtleties of a method of interpretation harmonistical. Secondly, the "Mimansa" (investigation), devoted to solving the problem, how can the spring material world Brahma, or the intangible? Under this system, there is only one Supreme Being, Paramatma, a name that Brahma had already distinguished himself in the book of Manu of the law. Outside this be higher, there is nothing real. The world of the senses, or nature, (Maya, the feminine side of Brahma), is mere appearance and illusion of the senses. The human spirit is a part of Brahman, but perverted, deceived by the same illusion to the presumption that it is individual. This illusion is eliminated by a deeper vision, by which the dualism disappears from view of the wise man, and the pride that leads to true knowledge that Brahma alone is real, that nature, by contrast, is nothing and the human spirit is nothing but Brahman. Third, the "Sanky" (critical) emanating from Kapila, in which, in opposition to the Mimansa "," the individual and the real existence of nature, as opposed to the spirit, is set to point starting, and the outcome is the original doctrine of two forces, the spirit and nature, whose mutual action and reaction from each other the union of soul and body is explained. Is this unnatural union, then the effort of the wise man must escape, through the perception that the soul is not bound to the body, the domain of matter. In this system, there is no room for an infinite being, because if a material world exists, then God must be limited by their existence, and therefore cease to be infinite, which is God. Sankyo here philosophy conflicted with the orthodox doctrine of the Brahmins, and paved the way for Buddhism. 

d. Buddhism. 

Brahmanism against Buddhism arose as a reaction. Siddhartha, the son of Suddhodana, the king of Kapilavastu, the Sakya family, (about 450 BC) moved by the misery of their compatriots, decided to investigate the causes of it, and if possible, find means of remedying it. Started in the wisdom of the Brahmins, but not satisfied with that, after years of solitary meditation retreat and quiet, penetrated with the principles of Sankyo, crossed the land as a pilgrim (Sakya Muni, Sramana Gautama) and opened to the people of India a new religious era. The trend of the new doctrine was to break the caste system and free the people from the yoke irritating the hierarchy of the Brahmins and dogmas.
