But between 1764 and 1779
a series of inventions by Arkwright, Hargreaves, and Crompton, transformed the simple spinning-wheel
into an elaborate machine capable of doing the work of many spinners; and once more an advance
in national productivity was made at the expense of the individual workers who took to breaking
the machines to stop their loss of work.

Similar changes followed in cotton-spinning and other industries, and the result was to alter
the whole economic structure of England. The cottager could not afford the new and expensive
machinery, and his spinning-wheels and hand-looms were hopelessly beaten in the competition.
Huge factories were required for the new inventions, where the workers were all huddled together
instead of working in their scattered homes; and large populations grew up around these new
and artificial manufacturing centres. Their locality was, however, determined by natural causes;
at first water-power was the best available force to drive the new machines, and consequently
towns sprang up along the banks of rivers. But Watt's application of steam- power to machinery
soon supplanted water; and for steam-power coal and iron were the greatest necessities. Factories
therefore tended to congregate where coal and iron were found; and the need for these materials
created the coal and iron industries. Moreover, the pack- horse, the waggon, and the old unmetalled
roads soon proved inadequate for the new requirements of transport. For a time canals became
the favourite substitute, and many were constructed. Then Macadam invented his method of making
roads; finally, Stephenson developed the steam locomotive, and the railway system came into
existence.

Closely connected with these changes was a renewal of the inclosure movement. The introduction
of turnips and other roots, and the development of the rotation of crops increased the value
of the soil and revived the stimulus to inclosure; and hundreds of inclosure acts were hurriedly
passed by a parliament which contained no representatives of those who suffered from the process.
It was assisted by the further specialization consequent upon the industrial revolution; while
the agricultural labourer gave up spinning under the stress of factory competition, the spinner
deserted his cottage and four acres in the country, to seek a dwelling near the factory which
employed him; and the Elizabethan Act, insisting upon the allocation of four acres to each
new cottage built, was repealed. But for that repeal, factory slums would be garden cities,
unless the incubus of this provision had stopped the factory development. The final result
of the inclosure movement upon the country was to deprive the public of most of its commons
and open spaces, to deprive the agricultural labourer of all right in the soil he tilled, and
to rob him of that magic of property which, in Arthur Young's phrase, turned sand into gold.

The inevitable adjustment of the population to these altered economic conditions entirely changed
its distribution. Hitherto the progressive and predominant parts of England had been the south
and east; conservatism found its refuge in the north and west, which rebelled against the Tudors
and fought for Charles I. The south and east had been the manufacturing centres because iron
was smelted with wood and not with coal. Now that coal was substituted for wood, the juxtaposition
of coal and iron mines in the north attracted thither the industries of the nation, while the
special features of its climate made South Lancashire the home of cotton-spinning. The balance
of population and political power followed. To-day southern England, apart from London and
some other ports, hardly does more than subsist, and its occupations are largely parasitic.
