An advance in national productivity was made at the expense of the individual workers who took to  stop their loss of work. Between 1764 and 1779 a series of inventions by Arkwright, Hargreaves, and Crompton, transformed  spinning-wheel into an elaborate machine capable of doing the work of many spinners.  
Transformation of the  economic structure of England  were in cotton-spinning and other industries. In the competition the cottager became bankrupt.  In stead of working in their homes, workers gathered in factories with machines, and population began to build up around factories. Localities was determined by natural resources like availability  of water hence towns sprang up along the banks of rivers. But Watt's  adaption to steam-power  necessitated  availability of coal and iron, factories sprang up  where coal and iron were found. New requirements of transport replaced  the pack- horse waggon, and the  unmetalled roads. canals were constructed  when necessary demanded.  Invention of method of making roads by Macadam and  the steam locomotive by Stephenson railway system came into existence.

The  development of the rotation of crops increased the value of the soil and revived the stimulus to inclosure; used to end some traditional rights. The industrial revolution tempted agricultural labourer to give up spinning under the stress of factory competition. The spinner deserted his cottage and agricultural land in  the country, for a dwelling near the factory which employed him. The Elizabethan Act, insisting upon the allocation of four acres to each new cottage built, was repealed. Unless the incubus of this provision had stopped the factory development, factory slums would be garden cities. 

In Arthur Young's phrase,agricultural labourer turned sand into gold.Final result of the inclosure movement resulted in  loss of commons and open spaces,  depriving the agricultural labourer of all right in the soil he tilled.  

Population of changed  economic conditions entirely changed its distribution of wealth. The progressive and predominant parts of England settled  in south and east.  Conservatism settled in the north and west, who  rebelled against the Tudors and fought for Charles I. Due to abundance of iron and coal the north attracted manufacturing  industries of the nation, the special features of its climate made South Lancashire the home of cotton-spinning. The balance of population and political power followed.  Apart from London and other ports southern England,  and its occupations are largely parasitic in nature.
