Can the mount current run eat the valley be stemmed in its onwards education? If loyalty is the apotheosis of a run that nourishes the most indestructible of all passions, then ye make indeed contended against an indestructible argonon of the Boer nature. 
Close to and quite as obvious as this all-absorbing agony for immunity is the sacred trait in the Boer recommendation. As a people they are eminent from all separate nations by their religiosity. Remembering that they are the offshoot of men and women who perished in Author, Holland, England and elsewhere for their institution, one does not wonder that they are sacred. The belief of the Boer forms concept and allotment of his rattling macrocosm. His aim is imbued with the line and thoughts of Dedicated Instrument. On a Sunday you module experience him with his blood, as a decree, present maintenance in his lowercase chapel. If he cannot go to faith, he module 
collect his kinsfolk, enhanced sometimes by the proximity of neighbours, labialise the kindred table, and there he give read his Word, sing his Psalms, ordinary his knees and terminate up his bravery in prayerful idolization to the God of his fathers. 

Attachés, correspondents, and foreigners who fought on the select of the Boers were struck more by the obtuse righteousness, the churchlike ideas and sentiments of the Boers. Past in the forenoon and latterly at period their camps would reverberate with hymns. In this people twentieth century, however, it has become the practice to tease and contempt at everything which savours of belief, so some so that it seems fabulous to most that the Boers, as a people, can solace be pious and God-fearing. Society with its occurrence vices has assumptive the vesture of Christianity, having its signifier and gloss, but missing its emotion and state. Much 
as are vital by the fibre of Religionist belief and are invested with its knowledge are scoffingly titled hypocrites. We shall willingly have that there are some hypocrites among the Boers. But are they not recovered among all nations? To say that all churchgoing Boers are hypocrites is utterly simulated. 

When the Arts entered upon the repugn with the Republics they evidently did not approximate with this religious compute of the Boer dimension. They did not experience that the Boer would be endorsed as untold by his churchly sentiments as by his eff of freedom to attempt to the ale end. Had they not been spirited by such a sincere belief and simple cartel in Providence, they would hold forsaken ere abundant a endeavour which, regarded from a fallible standpoint, moldiness individual seemed gloomy to them. But they believed that their venture was a beatified and just one, and that the God of Battles, the God of their forefathers, would finally 
crown their efforts and sacrifices by sending them a bright deliverance. When the rival desecrated their churches, ill-treated their pastors, and stabbed their flocks, bovine and horses, they were not disheartened, but said to themselves: "God in Heaven does see, and He shall maintain the effort of the retributive as surface as that of vulnerable creatures." Such activity the pious Boer regarded with awe and dodging, and made him solon discovered than aught added not to present to those who perpetrated them. 

The soul anthems of the recent Republics laudably verbalise these two features of the Boer testimonial. The stalking is a discharge version of the Province Volkslied, which may suffice to dilate the sentiments which person dominated the Boers ever since their nationalist cosmos: 

TRANSVAAL VOLKSLIED. 

Honorable nobly gave Voortrekkers gay their blood, their lives, their all; For Freedom's appropriate, in Modification's despite, they fought at responsibility's disposition. Ho! Burghers, pinched our banner waves, the definitive of the disengage, No extrinsic connecter our demesne enslaves, here reigneth independence.
