Can the river from the mountain rushing down the slopes be stopped on the way? If love for one’s country is the ideal of a group of people that nourishes the most imperishable of all dreams, then ye have indeed satisfied against an imperishable nature of the Boer people.  

Secondly, an important matter here is engrossing for independence is the mark of the religion in the Boer character. They stand aloof from others, all over the world due to their religiosity. Keeping in mind that they are the descendents of people who were destroyed in France, Holland, England and elsewhere for their belief, and religious nature would make one, surprised. Their religion holds their life. His heart is filled with the thoughts of Holy Writ. One weak ends, he is found to serve in Churches, with his family. If he was unable to attend the church, sometimes, then would start the mass prayer at his home itself with a small group of family members and neighbors, reading Bible, singing Psalms, dedicating his whole thoughts to God.

The acquaintances of Boers, who fought for them, were very much moved by their orientation towards God and religious sentiments. They would start to chant the prayers both in the early morning and at night before retiring to bed. Twentieth century had driven away many superstitious beliefs and people have turned to be indifferent to everything related to religion; but still, it is a wonderful thing to see Boers pious and God-fearing. All though the bad cultures in the name of civilization have disguised itself as Christianity, it lacks its strength and vigor. The real Christians, with the power of religion are ignored in the name of hypocrites. We could readily accept that there are many such hypocrites among the Boers. But those peoples are there through out the nation. So, it is wrong to say all pious Boers are not hypocrites.

When the English people, started their fight with the Republics, they were not aware of the religious nature of the Boer People. They were unaware that Boers were well known for their religious character as well as their zeal to fight for any cause till the end. If they did not possess such a strong belief in God and complete surrender to Him, they would have been destroyed in a war, in which they lost all the hopes of gaining a victory. But they strongly believed that since their thoughts were pure, they would be supported by God of Battles and the God of their ancestors to get a reward for their efforts. When their enemies attacked their churches and acted cruelly to the pastors, and slaughtered their cattle, they did not lose heart, but simply said that the God in heaven knows everything and will surely punish the offenders and guard the innocent people. These failures, instead of disheartening them, made them stronger that they would not yield easily.

These two characters of Boer people are brought out in the national anthems of the late Republic. What is seen below is the translation of Transvaal Volkslied, which throws light on the feelings which have overtaken the Boers from the time of their national existence:

TRANSVAAL VOLKSLIED

Voortrekkers have shed their blood, their lives and all that they have for a noble cause; In spite of the fear of Death, they wanted to possess the right of Freedom, and so they fought whenever necessary. Burghers are addressed that their flag flutters high, to ascertain their freedom; there was perfect liberty and were not burdened by any foreign rule.
