Can the mountain torrent rushing down the valley be stemmed
in its onward course? If patriotism is the ideal of a race that nourishes the most indestructible
of all passions, then ye have indeed contended against an indestructible element of the Boer
nature.

Next to and quite as prominent as this all-absorbing passion for freedom is the religious trait
in the Boer character. As a people they are distinguished from all other nations by their religiosity.
Remembering that they are the offshoot of men and women who perished in France, Holland, England
and elsewhere for their faith, one does not wonder that they are religious. The religion of
the Boer forms part and parcel of his very existence. His mind is imbued with the words and
thoughts of Holy Writ. On a Sunday you will find him with his family, as a rule, attending
service in his little chapel. If he cannot go to church, he will gather his family, increased
sometimes by the presence of neighbours, round the family altar, and there he will read his
Bible, sing his Psalms, bend his knees and lift up his heart in prayerful adoration to the
God of his fathers.

Attachés, correspondents, and foreigners who fought on the side of the Boers were struck much
by the simple piety, the religious ideas and sentiments of the Boers. Early in the morning
and late at night their camps would resound with hymns. In this enlightened twentieth century,
however, it has become the fashion to scoff and sneer at everything which savours of religion,
so much so that it seems incredible to most that the Boers, as a people, can still be devout
and God-fearing. Civilization with its concomitant vices has assumed the garb of Christianity,
having its form and semblance, but missing its spirit and power. Such as are animated by the
spirit of Christian religion and are endowed with its power are derisively called hypocrites.
We shall willingly admit that there are many hypocrites among the Boers. But are they not found
among all nations? To say that all religious Boers are hypocrites is utterly false.

When the English entered upon the contest with the Republics they evidently did not reckon
with this religious factor of the Boer character. They did not know that the Boer would be
supported as much by his religious sentiments as by his love of freedom to fight to the bitter
end. Had they not been animated by such a fervent belief and childlike trust in Providence,
they would have abandoned ere long a struggle which, regarded from a human standpoint, must
have seemed hopeless to them. But they believed that their cause was a holy and just one, and
that the God of Battles, the God of their forefathers, would ultimately crown their efforts
and sacrifices by sending them a glorious deliverance. When the enemy desecrated their churches,
ill-treated their pastors, and stabbed their flocks, cattle and horses, they were not disheartened,
but said to themselves: "God in Heaven does behold, and He shall vindicate the cause of the
just as well as that of defenceless creatures." Such deeds the religious Boer regarded with
awe and aversion, and made him more determined than aught else not to surrender to those who
perpetrated them.

The national anthems of the late Republics admirably express these two features of the Boer
character. The following is a free translation of the Transvaal Volkslied, which may serve
to illustrate the sentiments which have dominated the Boers ever since their national existence:

TRANSVAAL VOLKSLIED.

    Right nobly gave Voortrekkers brave their blood, their lives, their all;
    For Freedom's right, in Death's despite, they fought at duty's call.
    Ho! Burghers, high our banner waves, the standard of the free,
    No foreign yoke our land enslaves, here reigneth liberty.
