A broad-shouldered student with
a moustache was cutting in the letters with a jack-knife, seriously. Other students stood or
sat near him laughing at his handiwork. One jogged his elbow. The big student turned on him,
frowning. He was dressed in loose grey clothes and had tan boots.

Stephen's name was called. He hurried down the steps of the theatre so as to be as far away
from the vision as he could be and, peering closely at his father's initials, hid his flushed face.

But the word and the vision capered before his eyes as he walked back across the quadrangle
and towards the college gate. It shocked him to find in the outer world a trace of what he
had deemed till then a brutish and individual malady of his own mind. His monstrous reveries
came thronging into his memory. They too had sprung up before him, suddenly and furiously,
out of mere words. He had soon given in to them and allowed them to sweep across and abase
his intellect, wondering always where they came from, from what den of monstrous images, and
always weak and humble towards others, restless and sickened of himself when they had swept
over him.

--Ay, bedad! And there's the Groceries sure enough! cried Mr Dedalus. You often heard me speak
of the Groceries, didn't you, Stephen. Many's the time we went down there when our names had
been marked, a crowd of us, Harry Peard and little Jack Mountain and Bob Dyas and Maurice Moriarty,
the Frenchman, and Tom O'Grady and Mick Lacy that I told you of this morning and Joey Corbet
and poor little good-hearted Johnny Keevers of the Tantiles.

The leaves of the trees along the Mardyke were astir and whispering in the sunlight. A team
of cricketers passed, agile young men in flannels and blazers, one of them carrying the long
green wicket-bag. In a quiet bystreet a German band of five players in faded uniforms and with
battered brass instruments was playing to an audience of street arabs and leisurely messenger
boys. A maid in a white cap and apron was watering a box of plants on a sill which shone like
a slab of limestone in the warm glare. From another window open to the air came the sound of
a piano, scale after scale rising into the treble.

Stephen walked on at his father's side, listening to stories he had heard before, hearing again
the names of the scattered and dead revellers who had been the companions of his father's youth.
And a faint sickness sighed in his heart.

He recalled his own equivocal position in Belvedere, a free boy, a leader afraid of his own
authority, proud and sensitive and suspicious, battling against the squalor of his life and
against the riot of his mind. The letters cut in the stained wood of the desk stared upon him,
mocking his bodily weakness and futile enthusiasms and making him loathe himself for his own
mad and filthy orgies. The spittle in his throat grew bitter and foul to swallow and the faint
sickness climbed to his brain so that for a moment he closed his eyes and walked on in darkness.

He could still hear his father's voice--

--When you kick out for yourself, Stephen--as I daresay you will one of these days--remember,
whatever you do, to mix with gentlemen. When I was a young fellow I tell you I enjoyed myself.
I mixed with fine decent fellows. Everyone of us could do something. One fellow had a good
voice, another fellow was a good actor, another could sing a good comic song, another was a
good oarsman or a good racket player, another could tell a good story and so on. We kept the
ball rolling anyhow and enjoyed ourselves and saw a bit of life and we were none the worse
of it either. But we were all gentlemen, Stephen--at least I hope we were--and bloody good
honest Irishmen too. That's the kind of fellows I want you to associate with, fellows of the
right kidney.
