A broad-shouldered student with a mustache cut out the letters with a pocket knife. Other students stood or sat near him jostlinhim during his work. A jog at his elbow. The large student turned to him with a frown. He was dressed in gray loose clothes and had boots which were Tan.

The name Stephen was called. He hurried down the stairs of the theater to be as far from the vision that he could be, and looking closely at the initials of his father, hid his reddened face.

But the word and vision tapered before his eyes, returning to the quadrangle and towards the college gate. He was shocked to find in the outside world a trace of what he had hitherto considered a brutal and personal illness in his own mind. His monstrous reveries crowded into his memory. They too had sprung up in front of him, suddenly and furiously, from simply words. He had once given in to them and allowed them to scan and belittle his intelligence, always wondering where they came from, from what den of monstrous pictures, and always weak and humble towards others, restless and sickened himself  even after they had swept him.

- Yes, Helas! And there's the food of course! cried Mr Dedalus. You have often heard of the races, have not you, Stephen. Many times, we went down there because our names had been marked, a crowd of us, Harry Peard and little Jack Mountain and Bob Dryas and Maurice Moriarty, Frenchie, and Tom O'Grady and Mick Lacy who I told you this morning and Joey Corbet and poor little Johnny Keevers the good heart of Tantiles.

The trees leaves along the Mardyke were astir and whisperered in the sunlight.  A cricket team passed, agile young men with flannels and blazers, one of them with a long green wicket-bag. In a bystreet a German group of five quiet players in uniform disappeared and with battered brass instruments was playing to an audience of boys and errant boys, quietly. A maid in a white cap and apron was watering a box of plants on a sill which shone like a slab of limestone in the warm light. From another window open to air, the sound of a piano, scale after scale rising into the treble,  was heard.

Stephen walked beside his father listening to stories he had heard before, hearing again the names of the guests dispersed, and the dead who were the companions of the youth of his father. And a mild illness sighed in his heart.

He recalled his equivocal position in Belvedere, a free kid, a authority afraid of his own leadership, proud and suspicious and sensitive , battling against the misery of his life and against the chaos of his mind. The letters cut out of stained wood desk staring at him, mocking his bodily weakness and futile enthusiasms and making himself his own horror of crazy dirty orgies  The saliva in his throat grew dark and from lack of swallowing and mild disease it mounted to his brain so that for a moment he closed his eyes and walked into the darkness.

He could still hear the voice of his father -

- When you run for yourself, Stephen - I dare say you have one of these days - remember, whatever you do, to mix with gentlemen. i did it when I was a young man, I tell you I enjoyed myself. I mixed with fine brave ones. Each of us can do something. A man had a beautiful voice, another man was a good actor, another could sing a good comic song, another one was a rower or a good racket player good, the other could tell a good story and so on. We kept the ball rolling anyway and we enjoyed ourselves and saw a bit of life and we were not the worst either. But we were all colleagues, Stephen - at least I hope we were - and bloody good honest Irishmen too. This is the kind of guy I want to associate with, fellows of the right heart.
