n 1872 he was awarded two patents for improvement in water wheels, but had never built wheels with that pattern. After filling and patents granted for its new turbine improved Norma, who was satisfied to perfection, and often said: "I can improve my record more door turbine because it is so close to perfection as can be done" and was fully convinced, last year I was experimenting with a cylinder of the door of the turbine, and the patent was issued October 21, 1890. He had previously made a 24-inch wheel, which was tested August 14, 1890, proof of Holyoke canal, and gave fair results, and at the time of his death was to have made a new turbine runner cylinder the door, we've completed and tested. His idea was that the manufacture and sale of the turbines and the recording of the cylinder of the door. His inventive powers are not limited to water wheels, for the February 23, 1886, was granted patents for automatic steam engine, the governor and the lubrication device. We also remember in 1873 or 1874, when his mind was occupied with his "standard turbine, which was hampered by a device that is currently used in the locomotive of the present building (which can not be said), but when the delimitation water wheel, the two in conflict, and by his invitation that he wrote to a prominent builder of locomotives and examine the drawings, which he had not finished, and sold himself. This is only a weak memory, but I remember when says: "Well, that's out of my mind now, and I can devote to the completion of my new album. "- American Miller. 
* * * * * 

ALTERNATE CURRENT capacitors. 

In a recent meeting of the Physical Society of London, Mr. Swinburne James read a paper on the current alternatives capacitors. It is said, is generally assumed that there is no difficulty in making high pressure condensers commercial alternating currents. The first difficulty is the isolation, the dielectric must be very thin, otherwise the volume of the capacitor is too large. Some dielectric of 0.2 mm. thickness can be made to foot up to 8,000 volts when small parts, but the capacitors to complete a much larger margin should be allowed. Another difficulty arises from the absorption, and every time this happens, the apparent capacity is greater than the calculated. Assuming that the fibers of the paper in a paper capacitor to be embedded wires in the insulation oil, then if the capacitor is charged fibers have their ends at different potentials, so that current flows to equalize and loses energy. This increases the current capacity. A paper capacitor current jelly boiled took abnormally large and heated rapidly. A high temperature was in the water and lost power and the current decreases gradually. 

When a thin plate of mica is placed between two sheets of tin, which overheats and the potential drop in the films of air separating the mica paper and is large enough to cause disruptive discharge to the surface of mica . There seems to be a thin layer of minutes sparks under the leaves, and there is a strong smell of ozone. In a dielectric is heated, there may be three types of conduction, viz. Metal, when a regular driver is embedded in an insulator, disturbing, and probably is the case of mica, and the electrolyte, which may occur in the glass. In a transparent dielectric driving should be electrolytic or disturbing, otherwise the vibrations of light would be drowned. dielectric loss in a cable can be severe. Calculation of waste paper soaked in a hot gelatin capacitor, the loss of a network of Deptford 7000 watts out. Another effect observed in Deptford is an increase of pressure in the network.
