In the year 1872 he had two patents granted him for improvement in water wheels, but never
had any wheels built of that pattern. After completing and patents granted for his new improved
Standard turbine, he was perfectly satisfied, and often remarked, "I cannot improve on my register
gate turbine any more, as it is as near perfection as can be made," and he was fully convinced,
for the past year he was experimenting with a cylinder gate turbine, and patent was granted
Oct. 21, 1890. Previously he had made a 24-inch wheel, which was tested Aug. 14, 1890, at Holyoke
testing flume, and gave fair results, and at the time of his demise he was having made a new
runner for the cylinder gate turbine, which we will complete and have tested. His idea was
to have us manufacture and sell register and cylinder gate turbines. His inventive powers were
not confined to water wheels, for on Feb. 23, 1886, patents were granted him for automatic
steam engine, governor and lubricating device. We also remember in the year 1873 or 1874, when
his mind was occupied with his "Standard turbine," he was hindered by some device used now
on locomotives of the present construction (what it was we are unable to say), but when draughting
at his water wheel, would conflict the two, and by his invitation we wrote to a prominent locomotive
builder and had him examine the drawings, which he had not fully completed, and sold same to
him. Of this we only have a faint recollection, but do recollect his saying: "Well, that is
off my mind now, and I can devote it to the finishing of my new wheel."--American Miller.

       *       *       *       *       *

ALTERNATE CURRENT CONDENSERS.

At a recent meeting of the Physical Society, London, Mr. James Swinburne read a paper on alternate
current condensers. It is, he said, generally assumed that there is no difficulty in making
commercial condensers for high pressure alternating currents. The first difficulty is insulation,
for the dielectric must be very thin, else the volume of the condenser is too great. Some dielectrics
0.2 mm. thick can be made to stand up to 8,000 volts when in small pieces, but in complete
condensers a much greater margin must be allowed. Another difficulty arises from absorption,
and whenever this occurs, the apparent capacity is greater than the calculated. Supposing the
fibers of paper in a paper condenser to be conductors embedded in insulating hydrocarbon, then
every time the condenser is charged the fibers have their ends at different potentials, so
a current passes to equalize them and energy is lost. This current increases the capacity.
One condenser made of paper boiled in ozokerite took an abnormally large current and heated
rapidly. At a high temperature it gave off water, and the power wasted and current taken gradually
decreased.

When a thin plate of mica is put between tin foils, it heats excessively; and the fall of potential
over the air films separating the mica and foil is great enough to cause disruptive discharge
to the surface of the mica. There appears to be a luminous layer of minute sparks under the
foils, and there is a strong smell of ozone. In a dielectric which heats, there may be three
kinds of conduction, viz., metallic, when an ordinary conductor is embedded in an insulator;
disruptive, as probably occurs in the case of mica; and electrolytic, which might occur in
glass. In a transparent dielectric the conduction must be either electrolytic or disruptive,
otherwise light vibrations would be damped. The dielectric loss in a cable may be serious.
Calculating from the waste in a condenser made of paper soaked in hot ozokerite, the loss in
one of the Deptford mains came out 7,000 watts. Another effect observed at Deptford is a rise
of pressure in the mains.
