The method of reducing the composition depends upon the mode of the composition's use. If it is to be used as a loose powder by the dusting process, then it should be ground dry. But if the composition is to be mized with either paint or another similiar substance, then it should be ground with linseed or another similiar oil. In heating the elements aforesaid, certain chemical combinations will have taken place, and monsulphide of calcium, combined with the carbonate of lime, silex, and magnesia, is the result of such an ignition. But if, in the firing of the elements all of the charcoal doesn't combine properly then the parts of the elements that didn't combine need to be removed from the fused mass before the mass is ground otherwise it will not produce its best product.

If it is designed to mix the composition with paints, those composed of zinc-white and bryta need to be chosen in prefernce to those only composed of white lead and shall only be colored by vegetable matter. If this does not happen then a chemical action can take place between the compostion and the paint and the color of the paint will be destroyed or changed by the gradual action of the sulphureted hydrogen produced. However, if you add a weak solution of gun in alcohol or other suitable sizing to the composition, it may be used with paints containng elements sensitive to sulphureted hydrogen without danger of decomposing them and destroying their color.

In many, and probably in the majority of cases, the illuminating composition applied as a dry powder will give the best results, in view of the tendency to chemical action between the paint and composition when intimately mixed; in view of the fact that by the addition to paint of any color of a sufficient quanity of the composition to render the product luminous, the original color of the paint shall be changed or even destroyed; and alos, in view of the fact the the luminous composition is so greatly in excess of the paint, the proportions in which they are united being substantially ten parts of the former to on of the latter, it would be very difficult to impart a certain color to the product of the union without detracting from its illuminating parts. On the other hand, though, the union of the dry powder with a body that is already painted by the simple force of adhesion does not always establish a suffiently intimate relation between it and the paint to cause a chemical action, the application of a very light coat of the powder does not materially change the hue of the article to which it is being applied to, and, even further, by the use of the powder in an uncombined state its greatest illuminating effects will be obtained. Again, if the appearance in the daytime of the article which it is desired to have appear luminous at night is not material, it may be left unpainted and simply sized in order to retain the powder.

In printing it is very probably that the composition will be employed almost always in the dry powder form, as printing-ink becomes too thick to be handled very well when it is combined with powder in enough of a quantity to make the paper luminous. However, the printed surface of a newly printed sheet may be rendered luminous by dusting the sheet with the powder because the powder will adhere to all of the ink on the paper and it may be easily shaken from the unmoisted surfaces thereof.

I am also aware that monosulphide of calcium and magnesia have before been used together in phosphorescent compounds. What I claim is that a phosphorescent composition that consists of monosulphide of calcium, combined with carbonate of lime, silex, and magnesia substantially as described.
