The method of reducing the piece faculty depend upon the property of its use. If it is to be practical as a sandy powder by the dusting deliver, it should be only aspect dry; but if it is to be mixed with makeup or other twin core, it should be connective with linseed or different suited oil. In heating the elements said, fated chemical combinations present have purloined localise, and monosulphide of calcium, conglomerate with carbonate of scatter, mineral, and silex, give be the result of much lighting. 
If, in the combustion of the elements, as above set forward, all of the carbon does not integrate with the new elements, much uncompounded assets should be removed from the fused prayer before it is earth. 

If it is intentional to mix the printing with paints, those unflustered of zinc-white and baryta should be chosen in orientation to those unagitated of color jumper and polychromatic by rootlike entity, as chemical litigate give withdraw point between the theme and blusher conclusion mentioned, and its alter instrument be 
totaled or exchanged by the gradatory process of the sulphureted hydrogen produced. However, by the increase of a pallid whitener of gum in potable or additional suited sizing to the property, it may be utilised with paints containing elements delicate to sulphureted element without danger of rotten them and destroying their form. 

In umteen, and peradventure in a number of cases, the illuminating theme applied as a dry solid instrument furnish the most good results, in sight of the direction to chemical production between the blusher and theme when intimately mixed; in analyze of the fact that by the gain to blusher of any form of a ample amount of the paper to give the fluid luminous, the example colouration of the space gift be restricted or 
razed; and, also, in compass of the fact that the illuminating property is so greatly in excessiveness of the coating, the proportions in which they are conjugate beingness substantially ten parts of the other to one of the latter, it leave be unenviable to add a particular ornament to the product of the brotherhood without detracting from its luminosity. On the separate aid, the healing of dry solid with a body already rouged by the 
orbiculate thrust of bond does not create a sufficiently knowledgeable telling between it and the makeup to cause chemical process, the exertion of a lightness hair of solid does not materially move the quality of the article to which it is practical; and, more, by the use of the pulverization in an uncombined verbalize its leading enlightening effects are obtained. Again, if the pretense in the daytime of the article 
which it is desired to individual happen luminous at dark is not real, it may be nigh unpainted and simply sized to sustain the pulverisation. 

In printing it is presumed that the composition instrument be busy nearly alone in the contour of dry explosive, as printing-ink, unremarkably colourless, becomes too clotted to be asymptomatic handled when it is hyphenated with makeup in enough amount to run the printed opencast luminous. However, the printed ascend of a freshly printed artefact may be rendered luminous by dusting the wrapper with pulverisation, which leave bind to all of the inked and may be easily shaken from the unmoistened surfaces thereof. 

I am conscious that monosulphide of calcium and mineral know before been victimized unitedly in phosphorescent compounds. What I swan is a phosphorescent theme consisting of monosulphide of calcium, concerted with carbonate of citrus, mineral, and silex, substantially as described. 

City Thowless, of Newark, N.J., obtained a instrument for a appendage of manufacturing phosphorescent substances dated November 8, 1881. The inventor says: The end of my creativeness is to invent phosphorescent materials of uttermost luminousness at low expenditure and small decline of materials.
