His sister was introduced since he believed that the secret was safe with them, his old interpreter and Gray Eagle were of a  hostile tribe separated by hundred miles. He was left  his sister into the hands of the agent's wife, and was engaged  in inspection of examination. Then he   noticed that their manner changed to  curiosity of noticeable suspicious. Later the agent  seemed  difficulty in suppressing a laugh.
  
The agent told that the opinion of  Medicine Man is that she a indigenous woman of North America and to keep you faith keeping her without freedom. He  emphasized  not to  say anything to her about the foolish talk, but you ought to know nd not ot loose their confidences and must know that how frighteningly ideas strike to them easily.

He demanded where she is  angrily.  She is alright with the local women although little scared, may allow her to stay there long the agent replied.

All on a sudden Peter went to the direction of women and  children voice was heard and has seen that his sister seated in a stump of a tree surrounded by  merry making women and a native Indian child was on her lap.  Some of them were parading  with innocent amusement around her , even wearing some of her clothings.  In her attempt to understand them she was also replying some of the questions in their manner and trying to  respond to the tiresome chant of the old women who were dancing zigzagging. 

She was  there with innocent and  idyllic picturesque sitting  with strings of beads,traditional sacred shell beads, blankets lying on the ground, and highly colored feathers, hanging from the trees and the flickering lights and shadows of with a  the uncertain temper. The  want of  idea of playing with animals and the impassive unwinking native  child in his sister's lap  shocked him.

She ran to him and told, it seems they've never seen men or women with decent clothes before and had such a funny time with them. The settlers' wives haven't  much dress and they'd have taken off  everything she possessed if didn't come. It was interesting to see  my hat put in wrong side before, and tried to make one out of my umbrella and she liked them a great deal better than those gloomy chiefs, understood them almost. In her opinion the child are lovely, he hurriedly took  back the child and handed over to its  frightened mother.

All on a sudden change came over her face,  glanced at him quickly.  But she resumed, with a bright  color, and told, she liked it  better here than down at the fort and New York and  whether Peter liked them so much, as Peter is so  devoted to them.
