Knowing that his old interpreter and Gray Eagle were of a different and hostile tribe
a hundred miles away, and that his secret was safe with them, he simply introduced her as his
sister. But he presently found that the braves had added to their curiosity a certain suspiciousness
and sullen demeanor, and he was glad to resign his sister into the hands of the agent's wife,
while he prosecuted his business of examination and inspection. Later, on his return to the
cabin, he was met by the agent, who seemed to be with difficulty suppressing a laugh.

"Your sister is exciting quite a sensation here," he said. "Do you know that some of these
idiotic braves and the Medicine Man insist upon it that she's A SQUAW, and that you're keeping
her in captivity against your plighted faith to them! You'll excuse me," he went on with an
attempt to recover his gravity, "troubling you with their d--d fool talk, and you won't say
anything to HER about it, but I thought you ought to know it on account of your position among
'em. You don't want to lose their confidence, and you know how easily their skeery faculties
are stampeded with an idea!"

"Where is she now?" demanded Peter, with a darkening face.

"Somewhere with the squaws, I reckon. I thought she might be a little skeered of the braves,
and I've kept them away. SHE'S all right, you know; only if you intend to stay here long I'd"--

But Peter was already striding away in the direction of a thicket of cottonwood where he heard
the ripple of women's and children's voices. When he had penetrated it, he found his sister
sitting on a stump, surrounded by a laughing, gesticulating crowd of young girls and old women,
with a tightly swaddled papoose in her lap. Some of them had already half mischievously, half
curiously possessed themselves of her dust cloak, hat, parasol, and gloves, and were parading
before her in their grotesque finery, apparently as much to her childish excited amusement
as their own. She was even answering their gesticulations with equivalent gestures in her attempt
to understand them, and trying amidst shouts of laughter to respond to the monotonous chant
of the old women who were zigzagging a dance before her. With the gayly striped blankets lying
on the ground, the strings of beads, wampum, and highly colored feathers hanging from the trees,
and the flickering lights and shadows, it was an innocent and even idyllic picture, but the
more experienced Peter saw in the performances only the uncertain temper and want of consecutive
idea of playing animals, and the stolid unwinking papoose in his sister's lap gave his sentiment
a momentary shock.

Seeing him approach she ran to meet him, the squaws and children slinking away from his grave
face. "I have had such a funny time, Peter! Only to think of it, I believe they've never seen
men or women with decent clothes before,--of course the settlers' wives don't dress much,--and
I believe they'd have had everything I possess if you hadn't come. But they're TOO funny for
anything. It was killing to see them put on my hat wrong side before, and try to make one out
of my parasol. But I like them a great deal better than those gloomy chiefs, and I think I
understand them almost. And do you know, Peter, somehow I seem to have known them all before.
And those dear little papooses, aren't they ridiculously lovely. I only wish"--she stopped,
for Peter had somewhat hurriedly taken the Indian boy from her arms and restored it to the
frightened mother. A singular change came over her face, and she glanced at him quickly. But
she resumed, with a heightened color, "I like it ever so much better here than down at the
fort. And ever so much better than New York. I don't wonder that you like them so much, Peter,
and are so devoted to them.
