Taking his glasses off the top of his bare head, where they had been resting, he took his coat and gazed at it for a moment, then raised his gaze until it met the eyes of his customer.

"So how much you think I can get for this?" he said, speaking nonchalantly and giving a sympathetic look to the skinny man before him.

"It cost me twenty dollars.", the young man said. "You think it is still worth ten, yes?"

"Sure.", answered the pawnbroker, "Would you like me to give you a ten dollar loan on the item?

The customer replied, "If you could, please." after his face gleamed from hearing the pawnbroker's words. Five dollars was all he was expecting. The idea of getting ten for the ulster made him feel feel like a prosperous man.

Opening his book, the pawnbroker began to fill the blanks on a paper slip contained inside. He began with the customer's name, James Teague. This was his real name not the alias he was famously known by. That was much more refined.

As Rumble handed Teague both the ticket and his ten dollars, he took a covert survey of his skinny and poorly dressed form, then looked to the window where snow fell heavily, driven against the glass by the wind that loudly howled as it blowed down the street, making the shutters and swinging signs uncannily creak.

The pawnbrokers called to Mr. Dixon, Teague's companion and invited them to stay until the storm lets up. "It is quite more pleasant here by the fire than outside in the elements."

They accepted his invitation and seated themselves by the stove in the center of the room. As the cheerful light that shone from the coals hit them, they leaned back and began to warm their hands by the fire, grateful for the warmth. The old pawnbroker joined them, smiling as he seated himself in a large arm chair which seemed to be made puposefully for his great size. A thought came to his guests and from this Mr. Dixon felt the need to ask him a question.

He asked Mr. Rumble how he became a pawnbroker. 

"It was all by chance, I was not raised with this profession", he replied.

Mr. Dixon didn't think so, and exchanged some knowing glances with his friend.

"I used to be a weaver", he continued,"Two years ago I was working in my homeland England at that trade. I was not doing well financially, and then my Aunt left me five hundred pounds in her will. I decided it was time for a fresh start and decided to come to this country and start my own business."

"What led you to become a pawnbroker?" asked Dixon.

"I was told by many that it was far more profitable than any other profession. I am getting older and I have a daughter which I must provide for. I want to ensure she is comfortable when I am gone."

The street door opened and everyone was made uncomfortable for a moment as they were blasted by the wind and the snow. The blast rattled the windows and the armor, their armless sleeves shaking in the air.

Clad in worn black clothes, a tall skinny young man stood by the door. His unshaven face made him look young but it was not free from the marks of care. In his large dark eyes a yearning could be seen of desires unfulfilled.

Dixon and Teague looked at each other as if to say, "Here is a another customer for the broker"

The man a the door hesitated and spoke, "Is Miss Rumble here?" as he turned towards the large pawnbroker.
