He pulled his spectacles
down from the top of his bald head, where they had been resting, drew the coat toward him,
looked at it for an instant, then raised his eyes till they met those of his customer.

"How much do you think it is worth?" he said, uttering the words slowly and casting a commiserating
glance at the thinly-clad form of the man before him.

"I paid twenty dollars for it," said the young man. "It is worth ten dollars, isn't it?"

"Oh, yes!" returned the pawnbroker. "Shall I loan you ten dollars on it?"

"If you please," answered his customer, whose face brightened when he heard the pawnbroker's
words. He had thought he might get five dollars on the ulster. The prospect of getting ten
made him feel like a man of affluence.

The pawnbroker opened a book and began to fill the blanks in one of the many printed slips
it contained. One of the blanks he filled with his customer's name, James Teague. That was
his real name, not the one by which he was known to the stage and to fame. That was far more
aristocratical.

As Rumble handed Teague the ticket and the ten dollars, he took a stealthy survey of his slender
and poorly-clad form, then glanced toward the window on which great flakes of snow were constantly
beating, driven against it by the wind that howled fiendishly as it went through the street,
playing havoc with shutters and making the swinging sign-boards creak uncannily.

"Mr. Dixon," said the pawnbroker, turning to Teague's companion, "will not you and your friend
wait awhile until the storm slackens? It is pleasanter here by the fire than it is outside."

His visitors agreed with him and accepted his invitation. They seated themselves beside the
stove which stood in the center of the room, and from which, through little plates of isinglass,
shone cheerful light from a bed of fiery coals. Both leaned back in their chairs; both turned
the palms of their hands toward the stove, to receive the grateful heat; and when the old pawnbroker
joined them, smiling genially as he sank into his great arm-chair, which seemed to have been
made expressly for his capacious form, the same thought came to both of his guests. To this
thought Dixon gave expression.

"Mr. Rumble," he asked, "how happened it that you became a pawnbroker?"

"Well, I might say that it was by chance," replied Rumble. "I was not bred to the business."

"I thought not," answered Dixon, as he and his friend exchanged knowing glances.

"I was a weaver by trade," continued Rumble, "and until two years ago worked at that calling
in England, where I was born. But I made little money at it, and when an aunt, at her death,
left me five hundred pounds, I decided to come to this country and go into a new business."

"But what put it into your head to choose that of a pawnbroker?" asked Dixon.

"Because everybody told me that larger profits were made in it than in any other. You see I
am getting on in years, and I have a daughter for whom I must provide. When I die I want to
leave her enough to make her comfortable."

The street door was opened and for a moment the room was made decidedly uncomfortable by a
cold blast accompanied by driving snow. Again the windows rattled, the armor clanked, and the
hanging suits swung and shook their armless sleeves in the air.

A tall, slight young man, clad in well-worn black clothes, stood by the door. Although his
beardless pale face was the face of youth, it was not free from the marks of care, and in his
large lustrous dark eyes there was a yearning look that spoke, as plainly as words, of desires
unfulfilled.

Dixon and Teague exchanged glances which as much as said, "here's another customer for the
pawnbroker."

"Is Miss Rumble in?" said the newcomer in a hesitating manner, as he turned toward the old
pawnbroker.
