Finntan Mac Cartan came to Bishop Carthach bringing with him a little child for baptism. The Bishop said to him:"It will be baptised by the young priest there,who was ordained today". Shortly after that, Whereupon Finntan handed the infant to the young priest. Mochuda asked how should he name the child and the father said---Fodhran. After he baptised the child, Mochuda took its hand and talked about its destiny:" This hand is destined to be strong in battle and to win hostages and submission of the Clan Torna whose country lies in mid-Kerry from Sliabh Luachra [Slieve Lougher] to the sea. His offsprings are destined to be kings to the end of time,unless indeed they refuse me due allegiance, and if, at any time, they displease my successors, their kingship and dominion will end." His words were proven to be the truth.

Sometime afterwards Mochuda and his master Carthach, paid a visit to King Maoltuile, who lived in Feorainn, a place near Tralee,from which the lords and kings of Kerry take their name. Bishop Carthach said:  "Here, master, is the young man you asked me to train. He turned to be a very good student and he has studied the holy writings very successfully. I have ordained him a priest and (his) grace is manifest in many ways." Then the king asked him: "what do you ask from me as a prize for your work?". Carthach replied: " I ask of you to take this this young priest,the servant of God, as a spiritual guide for yourself and your posterity." To the king, the priest seemed too young and therefor he hesitated. Understanding that, Carthach inclined to Mochuda himself and bending his knee before him said:"I hereby give myself, my parish and monastery to God and to Mochuda to the end of time." Seeing what the bishop had done, the king followed his lead and prostrated himself before Mochuda. He pledged to God and to Mochuda his soul and body and posterity to the end of time. Then Mochuda placed his foot on the king's neck and measured the royal body with his foot. A member of the king's party found this deed very inapropriate and protested insulting Mochuda at loud: "It is an outrage, you should know that you should pay respect to the king,to this body that you are walking on, you should be more humble in his presence.". When he heard that Mochuda stopped measuring the king and said: "The neck which I have touched whit my heel shall never be decapitated and the body which I have measured with my foot shall not be slain, but for your interference there would not be wanting anything to him or his seed for ever." Then he said to the man that interrupted him earlier:"You and your children will be forever despised among the tribes." Blessing the king, Mochuda promised him prosperity here and heaven hereafter and assured him:"If any one of your posterity contemn my successors refusing me my lawful dues he will never rule over the kingdom of Kerry." The future indeed was as he fortold.

After that, as his master (the bishop and the King Maoltuile) suggested, built a famous cell called Kiltulach [Kiltallagh] at a place between Sliabh Mis and the River Maing in the southern part of Kerry. There he was respected by everyone because of his many miracles. In that region two bishops were already settled before him, scil.:Dibhilin and Domailgig. They soon started to envy Mochuda for the honour and the fame he acquired, and treated him evilly.
After that he paid a visit to Maoltuile and told him the state of affairs. The king was on the bank of the Luimnech, when he heard the tale , he started the journey with Mochuda and didn't stop untill they reached the summit of Sliabh Mis. There he said to Mochuda:"For now you should leave this confined region  to the envy and jealousy of the bishops, but in the end it will be yours4."
