
Finntan Mac Cartan, bringing with him an infant for baptism came to Bishop Carthach.  The latter
said to him:--"Let the young priest there who was ordained to-day baptise the child."  Whereupon
Finntan handed the infant to the young priest.  Mochuda enquired the name he was to impose,
and the father answered--Fodhran.  Having administered baptism Mochuda taking the infant's
hand prophesied concerning the babe--"This hand will be strong in battle and will win hostages
and submission of the Clan Torna whose country lies in mid-Kerry from Sliabh Luachra [Slieve
Lougher] to the sea.  From his seed, moreover, will spring kings to the end of time, unless
indeed they refuse me due allegiance, and if, at any time, they incur displeasure of my successors
their kingship and dominion will come to an end."  This prophecy has been fulfilled.

Sometime afterwards Mochuda with his master, Carthach, visited King Maoltuile, whom they found
at a place called Feorainn, near Tralee, from which the lords and kings of Kerry take their
name.  Said Bishop Carthach:--"Here, Sire, is the youth you gave me to train; he is a good
scholar and he has studied the holy writings with much success.  I have ordained him a priest
and (his) grace is manifest in many ways."  "What recompense do you desire for your labour?"
asked the king.  "Only," replied Carthach, "that you would place yourself and your posterity
under the spiritual jurisdiction of this young priest, the servant of God."  The king, however,
hesitated--because of Mochuda's youth.  Soon as Carthach perceived this he himself inclined
to Mochuda and bending his knee before him exclaimed:--"I hereby give myself, my parish and
monastery to God and to Mochuda for ever."  Touched by the bishop's example the king prostrated
himself before Mochuda and pledged to God and to him, his soul and body and posterity to the
end of time.  Then Mochuda placed his foot upon the king's neck and measured the royal body
with his foot.  Against this proceeding of Mochuda's a member of the king's party protested
in abusive and insulting terms--"It is a haughty act of yours, laying your foot upon the king's
neck, for be it known to you the body on which you trample is worthy of respect."  On hearing
this Mochuda ceased to measure the king and declared:--"The neck upon which I have set my heel
shall never be decapitated and the body which I have measured with my foot shall not be slain
and but for your interference there would not be wanting anything to him or his seed for ever."
Addressing (specially) the interrupter, he prophesied:--"You and your posterity will be for
ever contemptible among the tribes." Blessing the king he promised him prosperity here and
heaven hereafter and assured him:--"If any one of your posterity contemn my successors refusing
me my lawful dues he will never reign over the kingdom of Kerry."  This prophecy has been fulfilled.

Next, Mochuda, at the suggestion of his master, the bishop, and the King Maoltuile, built a
famous cell called Kiltulach [Kiltallagh] at a place between Sliabh Mis and the River Maing
in the southern part of Kerry. Here his many miracles won him the esteem of all.  In that region
he found two bishops already settled before him, scil.:--Dibhilin and Domailgig.  These became
envious of the honour paid him and the fame he acquired, and they treated him evilly.  Whereupon
he went to Maoltuile and told him the state of affairs.  Soon as the king heard the tale he
came with Mochuda from the place where he then was on the bank of the Luimnech and stayed not
till they reached the summit of Sliabh Mis, when he addressed Mochuda:  "Leave this confined
region for the present to the envy and jealousy of the bishops and hereafter it will become
yours and your coarbs' to the end of time."
