Finntan Mac Cartan, bringing with him an newborn for baptism came to Bishop Carthach. The latter said to him:--"Let the infantile priest there who was ordained to-day baptise the child." Whereupon Finntan handed the newborn to the young priest. Mochuda enquired the name and the father answered--Fodhran. Having administered baptism Mochuda taking the babe's hand prophesied concerning the babe--"This hand will be robust in wining hostage in battle and capitulation of the Clan Torna whose country lies in mid-Kerry from Sliabh Luachra [Slieve Lougher] to the sea. From his seed, will spring kings to the end of time, unless  they refuse me due faithfulness, and if, at any time, they suffer displeasure of my successors their monarchy and dominion will come to an end." This foresee has been accomplish.

Sometime afterwards Mochuda with his master, Carthach, visited King Maoltuile, whom they found at a place called Feorainn, near Tralee, from which the lords and kings of Kerry take their name. Said Bishop Carthach:--"Here, Sire, is the youth you gave me to train; he is a good scholar and he has studied the holy writings with glory. I have ordained him a priest and (his) grace is manifest in many ways." "What recompense do you reqiure for your labour?" asked the king. "Only," replied Carthach, "that you would place yourself and descendants under the spiritual authority of this infantile priest, the servant of God." The king, hesitated--because of Mochuda's youth. Soon as Carthach perceived this he himself inclined to Mochuda and bending his knee before him exclaimed:--"I hereby give myself, my parish and monastery to God and to Mochuda for ever." Touched by the bishop's example the king prostrated himself before Mochuda and pledged to God and to him, his soul , body and descendants to the end of time. Then Mochuda placed his foot upon the king's neck and measured the royal body with his foot. Against this proceeding of Mochuda's a member of the king's party protested in abusive terms--"It is a boastful act of yours, laying your foot upon the king's neck, for be it known to you the body on which you trample is worthy of respect." On hearing this Mochuda ceased to measure the king and declared:--"The neck upon which I have set my heel shall never be beheaded and the body which I have measured with my foot shall not be slain and but for your interference there would not be wanting anything to him or his seed for ever." Addressing (specially) the interrupter, he prophesied:--"You and your descendents will be for ever contemptible among the tribes." Blessing the king he promised him prosperity here and heaven hereafter and assured him:--"If any one of your descendants contemn my successors refusing me my lawful dues he will never reign over the monarchy of Kerry." This foresee has been accomplish.

Next, Mochuda, at the suggestion of his master, the bishop, and the King Maoltuile, built a famous cell called Kiltulach [Kiltallagh] at a place between Sliabh Mis and the River Maing in the southern part of Kerry. Here his many miracles won him the esteem of all. In that region he found two bishops already settled before him, scil.:--Dibhilin and Domailgig. These became envious of the public regard paid him and the glory he acquired, and they treated him wickedly. He went to Maoltuile and told him the state of affairs. Soon as the king heard the tale he came with Mochuda from the place where he  was on the bank of the Luimnech and stayed not till they reached the summit of Sliabh Mis, when he addressed Mochuda: "Leave this confined region for the present to the envy and envious of the bishops and hereafter it will become yours and your coarbs' to the end of time."
