
An important factor in selecting material for the cables of suspension bridges is its true
elastic limit. By this term we mean the percentage of the total strength of the material which
it can exert continuously without losing its resilience, i.e., its power to resume its former
shape and position when stress is removed. Now, in the case particularly of steel wire as commonly
furnished in spiral coils, the curve put into the wire in the process of manufacture seriously
diminishes this available sustaining power.

For it is evident that it would be unsafe to subject these cables at any time to a stress beyond
their elastic limit. If, e.g., a snowstorm or a great crowd of people should load a bridge
beyond this limit, when the extra weight was removed the cables could not bring the bridge
back to its normal place, and the result would be a permanent flattening and weakening of the arch.

By a process invented and patented by Col. Paine, the wire in the New York and Brooklyn bridge
was furnished straight instead of curved. Now, if a short piece of common steel wire is taken
from the coil, and pulled toward a straight position, and then released, it springs back into
its former curve; but if a short piece of the straight-furnished wire that was put into this
bridge is bent, and then released, it springs back toward its straight position.

It is easy to see that if a curved wire is pulled straight, there must occur a distention of
the particles on the inside of the curve and a compression of those on the outside. The inside
is in fact strained past its elastic limit before any stress comes upon the outside. Hence,
after the wire has been pulled straight, the elastic limit of only a portion of it can be taken
into the account in calculating the load that can safely be put upon it. In the case of curved
steel wire pulled straight, its ultimate strength was found to be only about 90 per cent. that
of similar wire furnished straight by this process. The superior ductility of iron wire in
some measure compensates for the distention of the particles on the inside of the curve, and
that is a reason why it has heretofore been used for suspension bridges. But with straight
steel wire there is no such distention, and its entire elastic limit is available. This elastic
limit is 66 per cent. of the ultimate strength, and, besides, that ultimate strength is 10
per cent. greater than that of similar curved wire. Thus if we have a curved steel wire large
enough to sustain 1,000 lb. without breaking, a similar straight wire, such as those in this
bridge, will hold up 1,100 lb., and 66 per cent. of this 1,100 lb = 720 lb.

The elastic limit of curved wire has never been determined, since any stress that will cause
it to reach a straight line is beyond the elastic limit of the inside of its sectional area.
That of curved iron wire has been estimated at 40 per cent. of its ultimate strength, which
is about half the ultimate strength of curved steel wire; that is, it would be unsafe to put
more than 40 per cent. of 500 lb.--or 200 lb.--upon a curved iron wire when a straight steel
one can sustain 720 lb. without injury. In the New York and Brooklyn bridge the cost of a sufficient
amount of such iron wire as is used in all other suspension bridges would have been some $200,000
greater than that of the straight steel wire which was used. At five per cent., this effects
an annual saving in interest of $10,000.

There must, too, be a considerable saving in the current expense for painting and care, to
say nothing of the more neat and elegant appearance of the less bulky steel. And as the whole
area of the section of these wires is subjected to an even strain that is always far within
the elastic limit, there is no danger of a change of structure under that stress.
