When choosing materials for suspension bridge cables we must consider its real elastic limit.  By elastic limit we mean the fraction of the material's total force that can be exerted in a continuous manner while keeping its ability to go back to its former shape and position - its resilience - if we remove the stress.  In the spiral coils, with its furnished steel wire, when we put a curve into the wire the available sustaining poewr drops significantly.

We can see that it would be dangerous if we were to exceed these cables' elastic limit.  For example, should there be adverse weather conditions or a lot of people, the bridge's limit would be exceeded.  Therefore, when this extra is taken away the bridge is not brought back to where it ws by the cables - resulting in a weak, flat arch.

With Colonel Paine's invention, the New York and Brooklyn bridges were constructed using furnished, not curved wire.  If we remove a bit of the common steel wire from the coil, it goes back to its old curve if we pull it straight and then release.  If, however, we do the same to a section of the wire in the bridge that was straight-furnished it goes back into its original, straight position.

We would be wrong to think if we straighten a curved wire, the particles at the inside of the curve are distented and those on the outside compressed.  Actually, the ones on the inside exceed their elastic limit even before there is any outside stress.  Thus, when we pull the wire straight, we can only consider a fraction when we measure the elastic limit for safe loading.  With curved, pull-straightened wire steel the total strength is only 90% in comparison to the same wire that has been furnished straight. The reason iron wire is used for suspension bridges is because of its increased ductility, which makes up for the distention of the particles.  However, as there is no distention in straight steel wire, all of its elastic limit is available to us, i.e two thirds of its ultimate strength and with an ultimate strength 10% more than that of curved wire.  So, given a piece of curved steel wire that can handle 1,000 pounds without being destroyed, a straight wire, just like those used in the bridge, will support 1,100lb.  Two thirds of this is 720lb.

As stress on curved wire would produce a straight line that goes further than the elastic limit of the inside of its sectional area, its elastic limit is undeterminable.  We can guess that the elastic limit of curved iron wire is around 40% of its ultimate strength.  This is about 50% of curved steel wire's ultimate strength, i.e. we cannot put more than 200lb, or 40% of 500, on a curved iron wire despite the fact that a straight steel wire holds 720lb without any problems. Talking about the New York and Brooklyn bridges, it would have been around 200,000 dollars more to use the amount of iron wire as is used in other suspension bridges as what was actually used, straight steel wire.  The annual saving in interest, at five per cent, works out at ten thousand dollars. 

And that's not counting the massive saving on care and painting, as well as the non-bulky steel's natural beauty. There must, too, be a considerable saving in the current expense for painting and care, to say nothing of the more neat and elegant appearance of the less bulky steel. Plus, because the total area of this section of wire always gets an even load, we don't need to worry about any change of structure through stress.
