Where were they? Was it the Bay of Biscay, the North Sea, the English Channel, or the open
Atlantic?

Very soon, the balloon began to descend again.

The professor threw overboard his last bag of ballast; Puck hid his face in his mother's dress,
while she, in the presence of that mighty danger, sang a hymn. Mrs. Parker was one of the singers
in the choir of a church at Paris, and her voice had been much admired; but she had never sung
before as she sang now. Her voice was sustained instead of drowned by the roar of the sea,
and was re-echoed back from the rocky cliff marvelously clear and pure, as she sang "Save me,
O God, from waves that roll."

Slowly the balloon seemed to climb that sheer, chalky precipice, frightening the sleepy sea-gulls
from their nests, but never grazing against the wall, as it seemed as if it inevitably must.
Slowly it reached the summit, paused a moment poised over the edge, then swept landward a little
way, when the guide-rope (which had been dragging in the water) caught on the rocks, and it
stopped. The professor opened the escape-valve, and they alighted from the car, and then walked
to the brink of the abyss and, silently and solemnly, looked down.

This was the last of aërial navigation that any of the party ever indulged in. The professor
packed up his balloon and went to the United States to exhibit it.

EASTER EGGS.

BY CLARA W. RAYMOND.

    Dear Grandpa Lee, with little Grace,
      Followed the path-way to the mill;
    Bright daisies starred the shady lane,
      And now and then a bird would trill.

    Once, when a birdling spread its wings,
      She said, "All things are fair and gay,--
    The sky so blue where birdie sings!"
      Said grandpa, "This is Easter Day."

    Thus happily they onward went,
      Till Grace cried, "There is little Kate,
    And Frank and Nellie, too--and oh!
      Nell's swinging on the garden gate!"

    As Grace and grandpa came in sight,
      The little ones to meet them sped,--
    Their eager, prattling lips apart,
      Eyes flashing bright and cheeks rose-red.

   "Oh, grandpa! in the hedge we've found
      Four Easter eggs, all colored blue;
    They're in the sweetest little nest;
      We want to show our prize to you!"

    Said grandpa, "Touch them not, my dears;
      Those eggs God dyed with colors rare;
    The mother-bird will soon come back,
      And guard her nest with loving care.

   "These Easter eggs, in leaf-hid nests,
      Imprison countless song-birds bright,
    That soon will break the tinted shell
      And rise and sing in joyous flight."

A VISIT TO A LONDON DOG-SHOW.

BY LAURA SKEEL POMEROY.

Some years ago I went to see a great dog-show at the Alexandra Palace, in the north of London.

My friend Charley, a bright boy who knows the way all over this part of the city, was my escort.
We concluded to go to the show by the underground railroad, and at half-past one o'clock we
were at the station called South Kensington. We bought our tickets there, and passed through
gateways where men in uniform examined our tickets, allowing but one person to pass at a time,
then descended two long flights of stone steps, and went down, down, into the subterranean station.

Although it is nearly forty feet below the surface, daylight is let in from above at this station,
as in many of the others on the line.

Before and behind us we could see the great black-mouthed tunnels, through which the trains
were constantly passing.

When our train arrived we quickly found seats in a car, or carriage, as they call them here,
and were soon rushing along underground.

Now and again we came out into the open air for a while; soon we were at Bayswater, then at
King's Cross, at which station we got out of the car and climbed up the iron stairs to the
earth's surface again.
