Were they in The North Sea, in the Bay of Biscay, English Channel, or in the open Atlantic? Soon, the balloon again started to descend. 

Professor threw into the sea in his last ballast bag, hid his face in the dress of his mother, when she had sung a hymn even when the great danger was present. Mrs. Parker was also one among the choir singers of a church in Paris, and her voice was very well appreciated, but she never sang before as she did now. Her voice was loud and clear rather than getting submerged under the roar by the sea, and it was echoed back to the rocky cliff amazingly clear and clean, when she sang the words "Save me, O God, from waves that roll." 

Felt like the balloon slowly climbed up the sheer, chalky cliff, scary sleepy sea gulls in their nests, but grazing never against the wall, because it seemed to be inevitable. Slowly, it arrived at the summit, stopped over the edge for a moment, then swept towards terrestrial way for a short distance and it stopped when a guide-rope (which was dropped in the water) stuck onto the rocks. Professor had opened the escape-valve, and they climbed down from the car, and walked to the edge of the abyss and looked down being solemn and calm. 

This was the final and last aerial navigation that anyone of the party participated in. The professor left to United States after packing the balloon to exhibit there. 

EASTER EGGS

- CLARA W. RAYMOND. 

Dear Grandpa Lee, Followed after the path-way towards the mill with little Grace, Bright daisies starring shady lane, and now the birds warble. 

Once, while a birdling had spread-out its wings, she said: "All things are gay and fair - the sky is so blue, as the birdies sing!"  Grandpa said, "This is Easter Day." 

Then, they went ahead happily, Till Grace shouted, "There is Nellie, Frank and little Kate too - and oh! Nell is swinging on the garden gate!" 

When they saw Grace and grandpa, The little ones speeded up to meet them, - Their eagerness, prattling lips apart, with flashing eyes and their cheeks turned into bright rose-red. 

"We want to show you our prize Grandpa! There in a sweet little nest found in the hedge, we saw four blue coloured Easter eggs!" 

"Do not touch them, my dears; eggs are dyed in those colors by God is rare, the mother-bird will soon be back, and guard her nest and take care of it”, said grandpa. 

"These Easter eggs, in the nest that is hidden in the leaves; capture the myriad of songbirds clear that as soon as they outbreak of colored shell, they will stand up to sing in joyous flight." 

A VISIT TO A DOG SHOW IN LONDON. 

- Laura Pomeroy Skeel. 

Few years ago I visited a big dog show in the Alexandra Palace, North London. 

Charley was my escort, a bright boy and my friend who knows this whole section of the city. We have decided to go through underground railway to this show, and by half-past one o’clock we arrived at the South Kensington station. We bought the tickets there, and went through the gateways where our tickets were examined by the staff, allowing only one person to move at a time, and ahead there were two long flights of descending stone stairs, and we went down to enter the underground station. 

Although it is almost forty meters below the ground level at the surface, daylight from the top is channelled into this station, like many other lines. 

Before and after us, we saw a large black-mouthed tunnel, through which the trains were passing though continuously. 

When our train had arrived we could quickly found seats in the car or into the cabin called as carriage here, and was soon rushed along the underground channel.

Once in a while we came out to the open air for a moment, when we were at Bayswater, then King's Cross station where we exited the car and climbed the iron stairs to reach the surface again.
