Where were they? Was the Bay of Biscay, the North Sea, English Channel or the Atlantic? 
Soon, the balloon began to descend again. 

The teacher threw away his last bag of ballast Puck hid her face in her mother's dress, while she, in the presence of this dangerous power, sang a hymn. Mrs. Parker was one of the singers in the choir of a church in Paris, and his voice has been much admired, but had never sung before, like singing now. His voice remained rather drowned by the roar of the sea, and was re-echoed back from the rocky cliff wonderfully clear and pure, while singing "Save me, O God, from the waves that roll." 

Little by little, the ball seemed to climb sheer precipice chalky, frightening the gulls dream of their nests, but never flush with the wall, as it seemed as if inevitably. Gradually he reached the top, paused for a moment perched on the edge, then swept to the ground a little, when the rope guide (which had been dragging in the water) caught in the rocks, and stopped. The teacher opened the valve, and alighted from the car, and then walked to the edge of the abyss and silently and solemnly, looked down. 

This was the last of the air navigation either side never gave in. The teacher packed up his balloon and went to the United States for display. 

Easter eggs. 

BY CLARA W. Raymond. 

Dear grandfather Lee, with little grace, followed the path round to the factory bright daisies Lane starred in the shade, and occasionally a bird warbling. 

Once, when a chick spread its wings, she said: "All things are fair and cheerful, - The sky so blue where birdie sing!" The grandfather said: "This is the day of Easter." 

So onwards was happy, until Grace shouted: "There is little Kate, and Frank and Nellie, too - and oh! Nell Balancing the garden gate!" 

As the grace and grandfather came to the light, small to meet accelerated - His desire, charlatans lips apart, eyes bright and cheeks bright red rose. 

"Oh, grandpa! In the hedge that we have found four Easter eggs, all in blue, are the most sweet nest; We want to show you our award!" 

Grandpa said, "Do not touch them, my dears, God eggs dyed with rare colors, the mother bird will soon return and defend their nest with loving care. 

"These Easter eggs hidden in nests of leaves, imprison countless brilliant songbirds, soon will break the skin color and get up in the air and sing cheerful." 

A VISIT TO A LONDON DOG SHOW. 

BY LAURA Pomeroy Skeel. 

Some years ago I went to see a great show dog at Alexandra Palace in north London. 

My friend Charley, a bright child who knows the road in this part of town, was my escort. We concluded to go to the fair for the underground railroad, and half past one we were off at South Kensington. We bought our tickets there, and passed through gateways where men in uniform examine our innings, allowing one person to pass at a time, down two flights of stone steps and went down, down, in the subway station . 

Although it is nearly forty feet below the surface, the light of day in the upper left in this season, as in many of the others in line. 

Before and behind us could see large black tunnels with the mouth, through which the trains were constantly going on. 

When the train arrived quickly found seats in a car or truck, as they call them here, and soon run along underground. 

Occasionally we went outside for a while, soon we were in Bayswater, then at King's Cross station where we got off the car and climbed the iron ladder to the surface of the earth again.
