If you don't like people to lie about you, don't lie about them.  Do unto others, like the Golden Rule.

6. Slander has consequences.  If you are not a jerk, you won't do it.

7.  You might think you're really important, but you're not, and other people are not unimportant.  Be afraid, instead of being high-minded.  If you think you're such a hot-shot, then you're more likely to slander other people who actually are important.  If you would be more realistic about your position, you probably would think better of other people.

8. Don't acknowledge someone who slanders people.  If you're going to buy things, you should buy them from someone more deserving: someone that's a nice person and charitable and religious.  Don't let slanderers in your house, and actually put up a sign that says they aren't welcome.  Maybe something says the following, in the words of St. Augustine: "He that doth love on absent friends to jeer May hence depart, no room is for him here."

Don't listen when people are slandering.  "Friends, Romans, countrymen," to paraphrase some old guy, "lend not your ears!"  If someone goes about whispering stories and does idle business of spreading gossip about people - if you let flies like that in your ears, then worms will come out of your mouth.  Conversation is maintained by exchanging thoughts - if someone makes up a story, you will feel the need to make up a story to share with him in return, and so you will talk about everyone in the neighborhood and speak ill of them all.

Sometimes people show how healthy there are in order to let everyone know how sick they were.  That will make us feel like a doctor that doesn't get paid.

Someone like this will be sketched.  You probably don't need to know what he looks like, and if you did, it would be hard, because he changes so much.  But we don't care about what he looks like.  Though that isn't entirely his fault.  But his habit of speaking badly is probably a habit on its own, and we should figure out what it is so we can curb the behavior and get rid of it.

We call this man a Valetudinarian, and he has some malediction, real or fake... or maybe both.  Whatever the nature, it doesn't go away from being ignored, because he acts like a nurse to it.  All day long, even when he's with people, he cares about his condition.  He remembers all of his complaints about his changing symptoms, and how he felt at the time.  If you talk to him, you'll see he knows a lot about complex and obscure diseases.

Mr. Round knows about guys like this.  He used to run a store in England.  When he was working there, he made a lot of money.  That is, he was successful, and retired to the country so that he could enjoy what he earned.  But moving from the city to the country made him ill, and he worried himself over his condition and grew very troubled and, he thought, ready to lay upon his death bed.
