
Forty or fifty years ago--that is, within the memory of many a living man--gambling was 'the
rage' in England, especially in the metropolis. Streets now meaningless and dull--such as Osendon
Street, and streets and squares now inhabited by the most respectable in the land--for instance,
St James's Square, THEN opened doors to countless votaries of the fickle and capricious goddess
of Fortune; in the rooms of which many a nobleman, many a gentleman, many an officer of the
Army and Navy, clergymen, tradesmen, clerks, and apprentices, were 'cleaned out'--ruined, and
driven to self-murder, or to crimes that led to the gallows. 'I have myself,' says a writer
of the time, 'seen hanging in chains a man whom a short time before I saw at a Hazard table!'

History, as it is commonly written, does not sufficiently take cognizance of the social pursuits
and practices that sap the vitality of a nation; and yet these are the leading influences in
its destiny--making it what it is and will be, at least through many generations, by example
and the inexorable laws that preside over what is called 'hereditary transmission.'

Have not the gambling propensities of our forefathers influenced the present generation?....

No doubt gambling, in the sense treated of in this book, has ceased in England. If there be
here and there a Roulette or Rouge et Noir table in operation, its existence is now known only
to a few 'sworn-brethren;' if gambling at cards 'prevails' in certain quarters, it is 'kept
quiet.' The vice is not barefaced. It slinks and skulks away into corners and holes, like a
poisoned rat. Therefore, public morality has triumphed, or, to use the card-phrase, 'trumped'
over this dreadful abuse; and the law has done its duty, or has reason to expect congratulation
for its success, in 'putting down' gaming houses.

But we gamble still. The gambling on the Turf (now the most uncertain of all 'games of chance')
was, lately, something that rang through and startled the entire nation. We gamble in the funds.
We gamble in endless companies (limited)--all resulting from the same passion of our nature,
which led to the gambling of former times with cards, with dice, at Piquet, Basset, Faro, Hazard,
E O, Roulette, and Rouge et Noir. At a recent memorable trial, the Lord Chief Justice of England
exclaimed--'There can be no doubt--any one who looks around him cannot fail to perceive--that
a spirit of speculation and gambling has taken hold of the minds of large classes of the population.
Men who were wont to be satisfied with moderate gain and safe investments seem now to be animated
by a spirit of greed after gain, which makes them ready to embark their fortunes, however hardly
gained, in the vain hope of realizing immense returns by premiums upon shares, and of making
more than safe and reasonable gains. We see that continually.' In fact, we may not be a jot
better morally than our forefathers. I have set my life upon a CAST, And I will stand the HAZARD
OF THE DIE!'

Nor is gaming as yet extinct among us. Every now and then a batch of youngsters is brought
before the magistrates charged with vulgar 'tossing' in the streets; and every now and then
we hear of some victim of genteel gambling, as recently--in the month of February, 1868--when
'a young member of the aristocracy lost L10,000 at Whist.'

Nay, at the commencement of the present year there appeared in a daily paper the following
startling announcement to the editor:--

'Sir,--Allow me, through the columns of your paper, to call the attention of the parents and
friends of the young officers in the Channel-fleet to the great extent gambling is carried
on at Lisbon. Since the fleet has been there another gambling house has been opened, and is
filled every evening with young officers, many of whom are under 18 years of age.
