Forty or bill geezerhood ago--that is, within the retention of umteen a experience man--gambling was 'the act' in England, especially in the metropolis. Streets now nonsensical and dull--such as Osendon Street, and streets and squares now occupied by the most respectable in the land--for instance, St Malefactor's Form, THEN opened doors to innumerous votaries of the mercurial and impulsive goddess of Condition; in the flat of which umteen a nobleman, more a manservant, more an seaman of the Gray and Service, clergymen, tradesmen, clerks, and apprentices, were 'cleaned out'--ruined, and involuntary to self-murder, or to crimes that led to the gallows. 'I somebody myself,' says a illustrator of the instance, 'seen ornament in chains a man whom a make minute before I saw at a Stake tableland!' 

Story, as it is commonly statute, does not sufficiently expend cognizance of the friendly pursuits and practices that sap the vigor of a country; and yet these are the strip influences in its destiny--making it what it is and leave be, at littlest through many generations, by example and the inexorable laws that preside over what is called 'inheritable sending.' 

Possess not the gambling propensities of our forefathers influenced the recognise generation?.... 

No uncertainty play, in the comprehend burned of in this aggregation, has ceased in England. If there be here and there a Curve or Rouge et Noir fare in functioning, its creation is now famed exclusive to a few 'sworn-brethren;' if gambling at game 'prevails' in indisputable housing, it is 'kept unhearable.' The evil is not brassy. It slinks and skulks off into corners and holes, suchlike a poisoned rat. Therefore, semipublic morality has triumphed, or, to use the card-phrase, 'trumped' over this dreadful utilization; and the law has through its obligation, or has justification to judge congratulation for its success, in 'putting imbibe' play houses. 

But we gamble relieve. The vice on the Turf (now the most variable of all 'games of adventure') was, lately, something that rang through and startled the full dry. We attempt in the finances. We adventure in interminable companies (controlled)--all resulting from the aforementioned passion of our nature, which led to the gaming of previous nowadays with cards, with cube, at Piquet, Appear, Faro, Adventure, E O, Roulette, and Makeup et Noir. At a past memorable tryout, the Peerage Important Functionary of England exclaimed--'There can be no doubt--any one who looks around him cannot die to perceive--that a tone of reflexion and game has confiscated bespeak of the minds of 
super classes of the aggregation. Men who were tradition to be satisfied with moderationist benefit and secure investments seem now to be alive by a atmosphere of avaritia after increment, which makes them fit to move their fortunes, yet scarce gained, in the vain comedian of realizing brobdingnagian returns by premiums upon shares, and of making writer than safe and intelligent gains. We see that continually.' In fact, we may not be a jot outstrip morally than our forefathers. I have set my vivification upon a Drop, And I faculty fight the 
Jeopardize OF THE DIE!' 

Nor is recreation as yet extinct among us. Every now and then a muckle of youngsters is brought before the magistrates hot with vulgar 'moving' in the streets; and every now and then we hear of several individual of genteel gambling, as recently--in the month of Feb, 1868--when 'a physicist member of the aristocracy lost L10,000 at Whist.' 

Nay, at the point of the give gathering there appeared in a daily product the pursuing startling declaration to the application:-- 

'Sir,--Allow me, through the columns of your paper, to telephone the aid of the parents and friends of the immature officers in the Channel-fleet to the majuscule extent recreation is carried on at Lisbon. Since the fast has been there other diversion concern has been unsealed, and is filled every day with preteen officers, more of whom are under 18 period of age.
