Forty or fifty years ago - that is, within the memory of many men who live - the game was "the Fury" in England, especially in the metropolis. The streets now meaningless and dull - as Osendon Street, and streets and squares now inhabited by the most respectable of the earth - for example, St. James's Square, then opened the door to countless devotees of the fickle and capricious goddess of fortune, in rooms of which more than a noble, a gentleman many, many an officer of the Army and Navy, clergymen, merchants, employees and apprentices, were "wiped out" - in ruins, and led to self-murder, or crimes that led to the gallows. "I myself," says a contemporary writer, 'seen hanging in chains a man shortly before I saw a table in danger! 

The story, as it is commonly written, is not sufficiently aware of the activities and social practices that undermine the vitality of a nation, and yet these are the main influences on their destination - making it what it is and will be at least for many generations, by example and the inexorable laws that govern what is called "inheritance." 

Is not gambling propensities of our fathers influenced the current generation ?.... 

Certainly gambling, in the sense that this book has left in England. If here and there, a roulette table or Rouge et Noir in operation, its existence is now known only by some "sworn brothers" if gambling in the game 'is prevalent in some sectors, is "quiet." Vice not flashy. skulks It slips away and away in the nooks and holes, like a poisoned rat. Therefore, public morality has triumphed, or, to use the card of the phrase, 'false' on this terrible abuse and the law has done its duty, or has reason to expect congratulations on your success, " suppress "gambling houses. 

But the stakes are still. The game on the lawn (currently the most uncertain of all games of chance ") was, ultimately, something that rang through and surprised the entire nation. We play in the funds. We bet on the endless business (limited) - all derived from the passion of our nature, which led to gaming of the past with cards, dice, Piquet, Basset, Faro, Hazard , equal opportunities, roulette, and Rouge et Noir. In a recent memorandum opinion, the Lord Chief Justice of England said - 'There can be no doubt - anyone who looks around can not help but see - that the spirit of speculation and gambling has taken hold of the minds of large classes of the population. Men who used to be satisfied with the increase in moderate and safe investments now seem to be animated by a spirit of greed after an increase, making them ready to take his fortune, however hardly gained, in the vain hope of making becomes really huge premiums for stocks, and make more safe and reasonable profits. We see that continually. "Indeed, can not be one iota better morally than our ancestors. I put my life on a mold, and I will be the danger of DIE! 

Nor is it the game is not yet extinct among us. Occasionally a batch of young people appeared before the magistrates vulgar "pull" on the streets, and from time to time we hear of any victim of the gentle game, as recently - in February 1868 - when "a young member of the aristocracy lost L10, 000 at whist. 

No, at the beginning of this year appeared in a newspaper the following announcement surprise to the editor: - 

"Sir, - Allow me through the columns of your paper to draw the attention of parents and friends of the young officers in the Channel fleet to gambling largely takes place in Lisbon. Given that the fleet has been there another home game has been opened, and filled every night with the young officers, many of whom are under 18 years of age.
