Degradation of rocks does not depend on rainfall alone. It also depends on the changing atmospheric conditions, which make the rocks susceptible to wear and tear. Once the rock is weathered it is easily destroyed by the strong forces of nature such as heavy rainfall, avalanche, landslide, river currents etc into finer or coarser form which ultimately gets carried to the sea.

The forces of elevation and degradation are always at work. At times these forces might be balanced or it might be following one another or last but not the least only one alone might be at work. The imbalance between the two might result in geographical activities as Chamberlin suggests. As per Newberry, Schuchert and others due to extensive elevation and degradation taking place one after another the great cycles of sedimentation took place.

This means if there have been extensive elevation factors in action, there would be mountain ranges tearing itself higher into the sky or the lava from the volcanoes streaming down the landscape. All these would be then weathered to a peneplain, which is a planer surface than mountains.

However in the process of degradation lot of silt will be created which has to be moved from the higher altitude to the lower levels. This is accomplished by washing them down to the sea or ocean. This is one of the key factors of raising the sea level slowly but steadily. It has been estimated that for every four feet of elevation degraded on land, there has been a rise of one foot in the ocean level. Changes like these take around thirty thousand years to get accomplished. As a result of this the sea level rises to meet the peneplain. Although the degradation is more robust initially, as the mountains get worn down to lesser height the erosion also subsides.

As the sea level raises it starts covering more continents provides a greater area for evaporation. This contributes towards the change of climate throughout the world. Extreme climates are found to exist in the interiors of the continents. As the rising sea levels drown the glaciers and the deserts, there would be a spurt of vegetative and marine life. As the vegetation covers greater part of the land, erosion will be arrested and there will no more weathering of rocks. However due to the presence of carbon-di-oxide in the rich soil, the chemical activity will continue.
