The hot and cold that crumbles rocks far above the line where rain never falls is caused by the the direct chemical action of the moist atmosphere and is why there are always working forces of degradation.  Once rotton, the decayed rock gives in to the forces of the degredation process.  It beats it down and can result in an avalance, landslide, or noisy turrent.  It is quieted once it reaches the muddy rivers and is then transfered to the almighty glacier and then is transferred to the sea.  

Could it be that the forces that cause degradation are not always equally balanced?  Are the forces more active depending on the elevation?  Are the balance and struggle of these contending forces marked off as Chamberlin suggests.  Newbery, schuchert and others think that the cycles of sedimentation are due to the alternate success, first of the factors of elevation, then degradation.  

If there has been an epoch of elevation, the mountains have been lifted and the volcanoes are spewing lava forward, the forces of elevation have been completed.  

Inching down, the mountains would be worn down without relief from the lava until it reaches a plain.  

The matter, will go into the sea or ocean and rais the sea level slowly but surely.  For every four feet of land, there will be one foot rise in sea level.  This is all caused by degredation.  Once the matter meets the plain, it is called peneplain.  Eventually as the mountains are lowered, the sediments from the glaciers will become finer and eventually the glaciers will find fewer sources.  

Also, the growth of seas extending across the continents will change the climate.  It will become moister and more insular and eventually a greater surface of evaporation.  The extreme hot and cold temperatures are found in the interior of the continents, which are climates of extreme and very hurtful to life.  As the forces lower the continents beneath sea level, glaciers and deserts disappear.  Vegetation will cover the earth.  The continental shelf will become abundant with sea life.  Under the plush vegetation, the automatice erosion will be less but chemical activity will still go on and change will still happen
