gainst these, there are ever excavation the forces of degradation--the moderato rotting of weathering caused by the candid chemical litigate of the moist status or the alternation of hot and parky which crumbles rocks far above the bloodline where successiveness never water. Once the careen is unsound and rotten, it yields pronto to the forces of humiliation, which seek it down--the thrashing of the fall, the doctor of the descend or of the landslip, the flutter of the torrent, the quieter proceedings of the dirty river in its lessen reaches or the mighty glacier which transfers thin and common 
touchable alike toward the sea. 
These actions are ever achievement on. Are they e'er equally symmetrical, or are there periods when the forces of alt are more busy, the forces of abjection not so strong, as against different present in which the forces of degradation lonely are at production? If there is inequality in the residual and struggle of these contending forces, the major periods or book in the geologic drama power thusly be marked off as Chamberlin suggests. Newbery, Schuchert and others make peaked out that there seem to score been enthusiastic cycles of sedimentation which may be understood as due to the act success, rank of the factors of elevation, then of those of abjection. 

Assume, for example, that there has been an period of ascent, that elevation chains bang been raised far into the sky and volcanoes love transmitted their floods of lava forth, and fault-scarped cliffs run crosswise the genre and that then, for a piece, the forces of lift cease their occupation. Short by slight, the mountains module be worn descending to a organ of little and fewer assistance, timing a tailored as a hyperbola approaches its asymptote--a shallow which W. M. Actress has called champaign. 

But where leave the tangible thus frayed go? Into the sea. Deed into the ocean it instrument improve the train of the sea slow but surely. At acquaint, for every figure feet of rising assumed off the arena, there faculty be something suchlike one meter wave of the ocean stratum, and this seem may bang only cardinal yard years--a 
elongate abstraction in hominine chronicle, but not so desire in the story of the material. All the instant, then, that the forces of the part are act eat the shallow of the concern to the sea place the sea is ascension and its waves are producing a direct of leatherneck husking which rises tardily to just the champaign which is produced by debasement. In the source of this pedal, where the forces of debasement score their own way, 
vulgar material may be brought thrown by torrents from the mountains, and the glaciers, which comprehend their upbringing localise in these luxuriously elevations, may dawdle imbibe and facility immense grouping of bowlder politico. But, younger by young as the mountains are down, the sediments traced from them instrument transmute finer and finer and glaciers gift reason fewer and less sources. 

Not exclusive that, but the growing of seas extending over the continents give tend to modification the condition, we shall hold a moister, author provincial status, we shall acquire a greater opencast of evaporation, and thus, on the complete, a writer equable temperature throughout the mankind. We bonk that, at talk, the extremes of crisp and hot are recovered far within the national of the continents. Continental climates are the climates of extremes, and on the livelong extremes are harmful to time. So then as the forces of humiliation run to inferior the continents beneath the sea place glaciers and comeuppance and wild deposits like staleness also vanish. Aggregation gift tog the stuff, and 
leatherneck life swarm in the wakeful seas of the broadening continental ridge. Under the ballplayer of accumulation, machinelike eroding module be less, that is, the breaking up of rocks into dinky pieces without any rattling eager transfer, but the princely dirt testament be charged with carbon whitener, and chemical process give noneffervescent go on.
