Against these, there are always working the forces of degradation--the slow rotting of weathering
caused by the direct chemical action of the moist atmosphere or the alternation of hot and
cold which crumbles rocks far above the line where rain never falls. Once the rock is rotten
and decayed, it yields readily to the forces of degradation, which drag it down--the beating
of the rain, the rush of the avalanche or of the landslide, the tumult of the torrent, the
quieter action of the muddy river in its lower reaches or the mighty glacier which transfers
fine and coarse material alike toward the sea.

These actions are always going on. Are they always equally balanced, or are there periods when
the forces of elevation are more active, the forces of degradation not so powerful, as against
other times in which the forces of degradation alone are at work? If there is inequality in
the balance and struggle of these contending forces, the great periods or acts in the geologic
drama might thus be marked off as Chamberlin suggests. Newbery, Schuchert and others have pointed
out that there seem to have been great cycles of sedimentation which may be interpreted as
due to the alternate success, first of the factors of elevation, then of those of degradation.

Suppose, for instance, that there has been an epoch of elevation, that mountain chains have
been lifted far into the sky and volcanoes have sent their floods of lava forth, and fault-scarped
cliffs run across the landscape and that then, for a while, the forces of elevation cease their
work. Little by little, the mountains will be worn down to a surface of less and less relief,
approaching a plain as a hyperbola approaches its asymptote--a surface which W. M. Davis has
called peneplain.

But where will the material thus worn go? Into the sea. Going into the ocean it will raise
the level of the sea slowly but surely. At present, for every four feet of elevation taken
off the land, there will be something like one foot rise of the ocean level, and this rise
may take only thirty thousand years--a long time in human history, but not so long in the history
of the earth. All the time, then, that the forces of the atmosphere are wearing down the surface
of the earth to the sea level the sea is rising and its waves are producing a plain of marine
denudation which rises slowly to meet the peneplain which is produced by degradation. In the
beginning of this cycle, where the forces of degradation have their own way, coarse material
may be brought down by torrents from the mountains, and the glaciers, which find their breeding
place in these high elevations, may drag down and deposit huge masses of boulder clay. But,
little by little as the mountains are lowered, the sediments derived from them will become
finer and finer and glaciers will find fewer and fewer sources.

Not only that, but the growth of seas extending over the continents will tend to change the
climate, we shall have a moister, more insular climate, we shall have a greater surface of
evaporation, and thus, on the whole, a more equable temperature throughout the world. We know
that, at present, the extremes of cold and hot are found far within the interior of the continents.
Continental climates are the climates of extremes, and on the whole extremes are hurtful to
life. So then as the forces of degradation tend to lower the continents beneath the sea level
glaciers and deserts and desert deposits alike must also disappear. Vegetation will clothe
the earth, and marine life swarm in the shallow seas of the broadening continental shelf. Under
the mantle of vegetation, mechanical erosion will be less, that is, the breaking up of rocks
into small pieces without any very great change, but the rich soil will be charged with carbon
dioxide, and chemical activity will still go on.
