e Once again accepts her guidance, and going to degrade a few Knick knacks at that place, he discovers her entirely solitary; and having purchased something of her, allowing it rest on the Counter, ma'am, says he, I have made a lot Errands here, but 'tis for your interest; for you are my primary Business, and your uncomparable and matchless Beauty, has built that feeling in my heart as will put a sudden period of time to my aliveness unless your compassionateness will allow me a Reprieve: for nothing can call back them, but the delectation of your Love, and Beauty.--I can't believe, Sir, says she, that that hapless ancestry of Beauty I'm proprietor of, can ever so bring forth some much disastrous consequences as those you speak of. But 'tis the basic Theam that you are pleas'd to harbor our gender nevertheless, although there be nothing in it. Nevertheless, 'tis methinks an avid Peice of foolishness to loved one at that order, where you are able to experience no more desires of delectation: for I am otherways dispos'd from: And in that respect are young dames adequate that are unmarried, that are more worthy of you. I interrogate not ma'am, answered he, but I might have choice of Mistresses: But, 'tis you alone that have hurt me, and therefore 'tis you exclusively that can bring about my Care.--What wou'd you've me do to heal you, Sir, said she? Do, ma'am, said he! Award me the delectation of your Love, for that alone could gift me easiness. How come, said she, wou'd you have me inappropriate my Husband's Bed? Shou'd I do so, how do you believe he'd accept it? Even bad enough, I do trust, stated he; if you shou'd let him acknowledge it; but sure enough in that respect no necessity of that. And if you keep your guidance, I shall accept nothing from him he can miss.--Hold, Sir, says she, you verbalise as though we we are already both concorded; but you shall find there will be 2 Words to the arriving at of that deal. Likewise you dont--But here's my Husband approaching, alleges the Jilt--Indeed Sir; I have sold you a Pen'worth in them: I'll be Judg'd from my Husband. (Her Husband approaching then into the store) the Gentleman comprehending how artfully she turn'd off her discussion, assured her he did trust she had not wrong'd him a good deal, and he was content. And so shewing her Husband what he had purchased, and what he paid for it, he told him his married woman had us'd him very advantageously: And so he took his leave of 'em; and departed to his old Crone the tart, and told her what had past. You might hinge on it, says the lady of pleasure, that sh'll abide by; but you must Fee her jolly high, or it will not do. This made him Shrug; for although he had a eager mind to enjoy her, he wasn't wishing to be at too much charge Which the Old lady of pleasure comprehending, assured him he cou'd not trust to carry her below a Present of at the least Fifty French Guinea; but all the same, says she, if you will give me just Five, I'll guarantee you shall attain your aim without being at whatsoever Charge the least bit: Make but that out, states he, and I'll assure you the 5 Guinea's as soon as ever I've enjoy'd her: No, Sir, alleges the lady of pleasure, I will accept my revenue in hand; for you recognize, we ne'er entrust. All right, states he, here's your revenue, and giving it into her hand, right away let me know your process. Upon which the lady of pleasure thus commenced.
Before I proceed, implore tell me the cost of that Diamond Ring you wear upon your Finger: wherefore what wou'd you do with that, responds the young man; I woud'nt disunite with my Ring for a hundred Guineas, because it cost me above Four-score, and I had a great Peniworth in it; and if you would have me to give her that, this is all deception and cheating; and I'm entirely Funn'd out of five Guineas for nothing. How come so hasty, says the lady of pleasure? I plan no such affair; but you will not hear me out. Go to the Goldsmith, and tell him you're let down of a Bill that you anticipated away from the Country, and that you have a Present affair for 50 Guineas, which you must trust him to allow you have, and you will entrust him that Ring as an assurance meanwhile; and that as soon as your Bill arrives to Town, which you expect day-to-day, you will compensate him once again.
