and once again assumes his lawyer, and will some things cheaper there, is alone, and after having bought something from her, leaving that are on the counter, ma'am, says he, I have made many inquiries so far, but 'tis for you, because you are my business manager, and his incomparable and unsurpassed beauty, has made the impression on my heart just like put a period to my life suddenly unless your compassion grant me a pardon, because nothing can be recovered, but the enjoyment of love and beauty .-- I can not believe, sir, she says, that poor stock I own beauty, sometimes fatal effects may occur as you talk to me. However, 'tis the common THEAM are pleased to entertain our Sex Still, Thomas has nothing in it. However, 'tis I find a great piece of folly to love that rhythm, which can not hope to enjoy, because I am otherways dispos'd of: And they're not young enough to women who are individual, which are more worthy of you. I do not question, ma'am, he replies, but could have choice of lovers: But, 'tis just that I have hurt, and therefore' tis only you that can affect my .-- matter what you've Wou 'd do to cure you, Mr. President, you said? No, madam, said he! Grant me the enjoyment of his love, that alone can give me ease. Why, he said, wou'd I've screwed up my husband's bed? Shou'd do, what do you think you would take? That worked pretty bad, I believe, said that if you shou'd let you know, but surely there is no need of it. And if you keep your lawyer, I will take nothing from it, you can lose. - Wait, sir, she says, talking as if we were already both agreed, but you will find two words to the completion of these negotiations. Also you do not - but here is my husband to come, says jilt - Indeed sir, I have sold a Pen'worth in it: I'll be Judg'd for my husband. (Her husband comes next in the shop) the Lord took him to perceive how cunningly turn'd speech, he said he believed that she had'nt wronged him, and he was satisfied. And then showing her husband had bought, and what you paid for it, he said his wife had us'd so well: And so goodbye to 'em, and went to his old witch bawd , and told her what had happened. You can depend on it, says the pimp, who sh'll comply, but its rate is high enough, or will not. This made her shrink, by Thomas had a great mind to enjoy it, he was not willing to be in charge too much for the old bawd receive, said he cou'd not hope to carry in a gift of at least fifty Guinea but however, says that if you like, but give me five, I assure you that make your point without being in any position at all: Make out but, he says, and I promise you five as Guinea soon as e'er I enjoyed it: No, sir, says the pimp, I'll have my money in hand, because you know, never trust. Well, he says, here is your money and giving it in hand, and let me know your method. To which the pimp and started. 
Before continuing, please tell me the price for that diamond ring you wear on your finger: Why wou'd do with that, the responses of Beau and I do my part for a hundred guineas woud'nt ring, because it took me four over the score, and had a great Peniworth in it, and if I have to give, this is all trick and trick, and I am only Funn'd of five guineas for nothing. Why so fast, says the matchmaker? I design no matter how, but I do not listen. Go to Goldsmith, and say they are disappointed that a bill pending outside the country, and that you have a chance now of fifty guineas, which owes its desire to be able to get, and you let it ring like a promise in the half hour, and that as soon as your bill comes to town, you expect every day, you're going to pay again.
