He once more takes her Counsel, and going to cheapen some Knick knacks there, he finds her
all alone; and having bought something of her, letting it lie upon the Counter, Madam, says
he, I have made many Errands hither, but 'tis for your sake; for you are my chief Business,
and your incomparable and Peerless Beauty, has made that Impression in my heart as will put
a sudden Period to my Life unless your Compassion will grant me a Reprieve: for nothing can
retrieve it, but the Enjoyment of your Love, and Beauty.--I can't believe, Sir, says she, that
that poor Stock of Beauty I am Owner of, can ever produce any such fatal Effects as those you
speak of. But 'tis the common Theam that you are pleas'd to entertain our Sex withal, tho there
be nothing in it. However, 'tis methinks a great Peice of Folly to love at that rate, where
you can have no hopes of Enjoyment: for I am otherways dispos'd of: And there are young Ladies
enough that are single, that are more worthy of you. I question not Madam, replyed he, but
I might have choice of Mistresses: But, 'tis you only that have wounded me, and therefore 'tis
you alone that can effect my Care.--What wou'd you have me do to cure you, Sir, said she? Do,
Madam, said he! Grant me the Enjoyment of your Love, for that alone can give me Ease. Why,
said she, wou'd you have me wrong my Husband's Bed? Shou'd I do so, how do you think he'd take
it? E'en bad enough, I do believe, said he; if you shou'd let him know it; but sure there's
no necessity of that. And if you keep your Counsel, I shall take nothing from him he can miss.--Hold,
Sir, says she, you talk as if we were already both agreed; but you shall find there will be
two Words to the making of that Bargain. Besides you dont--But here's my Husband coming, says
the Jilt--Indeed Sir; I have sold you a Pen'worth in it: I'll be Judg'd by my Husband. (Her
Husband coming then into the Shop) the Gentleman perceiving how cunningly she turn'd off her
Discourse, told her he did believe she had'nt wrong'd him much, and he was satisfied. And then
shewing her Husband what he had bought, and what he paid for it, he told him his Wife had us'd
him very well: And so he took his leave of 'em; and went to his old Crone the Bawd, and told
her what had past. You may depend upon it, says the Bawd, that sh'll comply; but you must Fee
her pretty high, or it won't do. This made him Shrug; for tho he had a great mind to enjoy
her, he was not willing to be at too much charge Which the Old Bawd perceiving, told him he
cou'd not hope to carry her under a Present of at least Fifty Guinea's; but yet, says she,
if you will give me but Five, I'll warrant you shall gain your Point without being at any Charge
at all: Make but that out, says he, and I'll promise you the five Guinea's as soon as e'er
I have enjoy'd her: No, Sir, says the Bawd, I'll have my Money in hand; for you know, we never
trust. Well, says he, here's your Money, and giving it into her hand, Now let me know your
Method. Upon which the Bawd thus began.

Before I proceed, pray tell me the Price of that Diamond Ring you wear upon your Finger: Why
what wou'd you do with that, replies the Beau; I woud'nt part with my Ring for an hundred Guineas,
for it cost me above Four-score, and I had a great Peniworth in it; and if you'd have me to
give her that, this is all Trick and Cheat; and I am only Funn'd out of five Guineas for nothing.
Why so hasty, says the Bawd? I design no such matter; but you won't hear me out. Go to the
Goldsmith, and tell him you are disappointed of a Bill that you expected out of the Country,
and that you have a Present occasion for fifty Guineas, which you must desire him to let you
have, and you'll leave him that Ring as a pledge in the mean time; and that as soon as your
Bill comes to Town, which you expect every day, you'll pay him again.
