e  one time  more takes her Counsel, and going to  degrade  some Knick knacks there, he finds her all alone; and having  paid for   a thing  of her, letting it lie upon the Counter, Madam,  declares  he, I have made  more  Errands hither, but 'tis for your sake; for you are my  head  Business, and your incomparable and Peerless Beauty, has made that Impression in my heart as will put a  swift  Period to my Life  if not  your Compassion will  give  me a Reprieve: for  none  can  recover  it, but the Enjoyment of your Love, and Beauty.--I can't  trust,  Sir,  declares  she, that that poor Stock of Beauty I am Owner of, can ever  generate  any such  lethal  Effects as those you  chat  of. But 'tis the  universal  Theam that you are pleas'd to  give  enjoyment   our Sex withal, tho there be  none  in it. However, 'tis methinks a  many  Peice of Folly to love at that rate, where you can have no  trusts  of Enjoyment: for I am otherways dispos'd of: And there are  youthful  Ladies  adequate  that are  solitary,  that are more worthy of you. I  query  not Madam, replyed he, but I might have  option  of Mistresses: But, 'tis you only that have  injured  me, and  consequently  'tis you  only  that can  issue  my Care.--What wou'd you have me  perform  to  remedy  you, Sir, said she? Do, Madam, said he! Grant me the Enjoyment of your Love, for that  only  can give me Ease. Why, said she, wou'd you have me  erroneous  my Husband's Bed? Shou'd I  perform  so, how  perform  you  consider  he'd take it? E'en  horrid   adequate,  I  perform   trust,  said he; if you shou'd let him  recognise  it; but  definite  there's no necessity of that. And if you  retain  your Counsel, I  will  take  none  from him he can miss.--Hold, Sir,  declares  she, you  chat  as if we were  now  both agreed; but you  will  find there will be two Words to the  establishing  of that Bargain. Besides you dont--But here's my Husband  drawing close,   declares  the Jilt--Indeed Sir; I have  marketed  you a Pen'worth in it: I'll be Judg'd by my Husband. (Her Husband  drawing close  then into the Shop) the Gentleman  supposing  how cunningly she turn'd off her Discourse,  advised  her he did  trust  she had'nt wrong'd him much, and he was satisfied. And then shewing her Husband what he had  paid for,  and what he paid for it, he  advised  him his Wife had us'd him very well: And so he took his  move out  of 'em; and went to his  aged  Crone the Bawd, and  advised  her what had past. You may  be reliant  upon it,  declares  the Bawd, that sh'll comply; but you  ought  Fee her  beautiful  high, or it won't do. This made him Shrug; for tho he had a  many   psyche  to  savour  her, he was not  keen  to be at too much  accuse  Which the Old Bawd  supposing,   advised  him he cou'd not  expect  to  bear  her under a Present of  a  least   Fifty Guinea's; but yet,  declares  she, if you will give me but Five, I'll warrant you  will  gain your Point without being at any Charge at all: Make but that out,  declares  he, and I'll  agree  you the five Guinea's  after  e'er I have enjoy'd her: No, Sir,  declares  the Bawd, I'll have my Money in hand; for you  recognise,  we  not ever  trust. Well,  declares  he, here's your Money, and giving it into her hand, Now let me  recognise  your Method. Upon which the Bawd  hence  began.

Before I progress, request advise me the Price of that Diamond Ring you wear upon your Finger: Why what wou'd you perform with that, responses the Beau; I woud'nt part with my Ring for an 100 Guineas, for it cost me atop Four-score, and I had a many Peniworth in it; and if you'd have me to give her that, this is all Trick and Cheat; and I am only Funn'd out of five Guineas for nothing. Why so hasty, declares the Bawd? I create no such matter; but you won't learn me out. Go to the Goldsmith, and advise him you are betrayed of a Bill that you looked frontwards to out of the Country, and that you have a Present function for fifty Guineas, which you ought wish for him to let you have, and you'll move out him that Ring as a guarantee in the intend time; and that after your Bill draws close to Town, which you look frontwards to every day, you'll compensate him again.
