The metallic scales he generally used were of flimsy, cold-hammered copper, as indicated by existent examples.[16] The forging caused the effect of making the alloy harder than today's rolled copper sheets. These enabled numerous prints to be taken from the plate than is achievable for a present-day printmaker. Today, we incline to believe drypoint a very short medium, because the burr expires so promptly under the pressure of the printing press. Rembrandt beyond any doubt had less forbiddances about drypoint, for he could expect his harder copper to hold up longest, possibly for as many as fifty superior prints from the same plate. Forged copper, contrary to  the advanced rolled variety, is also entirely free grain in the metallic element. This enables a drypoint needle to move freely in any direction without coming across the impedance of a grain. Here again, Rembrandt had more inducement to use drypoint than a advanced artist.

Rembrandt's etching anchor has comprised the subject of appreciable discussion. A book promulgated in 1660, nine years prior to the artist's demise, contains a formula for "The Ground of Rinebrant of Rine."[17] This ground, similar to that accounted by Bosse as a "delicate" ground,[18] consists of two portions wax, one portion mastic, and one portion asphaltum. There are innumerable formulae for such bases, but virtually all are replacements of the same three components, with only slim deviations in the proportionalities.[19] The ground given as Rembrandt's is a good schematic one.

A baffling problem, nevertheless, is brought in by the last line of this 1660 description: "... lay your black ground really lean, and the white background upon it. This is the only way of Rinebrant...."[20] No elaborateness is applied. This unitary line acquaints a number of troubles, not all of which are resolvable. To take it at nominal value is to admit the contemporaneous evidence that Rembrandt not only applied a white ground but applied it exclusively. This statement can't be taken uncritically.

It will promptly be ascertained that a achromatic ground may be of appreciable aid to an artist. His needle perforates the white to the copper, bringing about the familiar effect of a crimson ink line on white paper. An average ground, without treatment, is almost transparent, making the etcher's lines kind of hard to see.[21] The commonest process, both in the 17th century and now, is to smoke the ground and incorporate the carbon black with the ground by warming the plate slightly. This brings about a black ground, against which the lines come out light, the negative of the supreme print. The black ground is preferred, both out of long-established custom and because it's really easy to apply. Moreover, artists today explicate that they as well love the feeling of doing work somewhat blind, that one of their greatest payoffs is the sense of surprisal in peeling the 1st cogent evidence print off the plate. For whatsoever reasonableness, the black ground has been preferred by the great absolute majority of artists, both past and present.

The description of Rembrandt's ground in 1660 takes cognition of the white ground for granted. Its formula for certain comes along to accept been broadly speaking familiar amongst artists in the middle of the 17th century. Rubens, in a letter as early as 1622, mentions having accepted a formula for a white ground, tho' he could not recollect it.[22] The first technological account of the cognitive process came out in Bosse's initiate treatise in 1645.[23] There is no reason why Rembrandt shouldn't have acknowledged of the white-ground method and all reason to reckon that he did.

There is one piece of impregnable evidence that he did use a white ground about 1631. One of Rembrandt's drawings exists which, contrary to  most of his sketches is an accurate paradigm (in reverse) of a specific engraving, Diana at the bathing tub.[24] The back of this drawing is covered up with blackened chalk, and its lines indicate the indenture of deciphering.
