
The metal plates he commonly used were of thin, cold-hammered copper, as shown by extant examples.[16]
The hammering had the effect of making the metal harder than today's rolled copper sheets.
This enabled more prints to be taken from the plate than is possible for a present-day printmaker.
Today, we tend to consider drypoint a very fugitive medium, because the burr perishes so quickly
under the pressure of the printing press. Rembrandt undoubtedly had fewer inhibitions about
drypoint, for he could expect his harder copper to hold up longer, perhaps for as many as fifty
excellent prints from the same plate. Hammered copper, unlike the modern rolled variety, is
also completely free of grain in the metal. This enables a drypoint needle to move freely in
any direction without encountering the resistance of a grain. Here again, Rembrandt had more
incentive to use drypoint than a modern artist.

Rembrandt's etching ground has been the subject of considerable discussion. A book published
in 1660, nine years before the artist's death, contains a recipe for "The Ground of Rinebrant
of Rine."[17] This ground, similar to that described by Bosse as a "soft" ground,[18] consists
of two parts wax, one part mastic, and one part asphaltum. There are countless formulae for
such grounds, but virtually all are permutations of the same three ingredients, with only slight
differences in the proportions.[19] The ground given as Rembrandt's is a thoroughly conventional
one.

A knotty problem, however, is introduced by the last line of this 1660 description: "... lay
your black ground very thin, and the white ground upon it. This is the only way of Rinebrant...."[20]
No elaboration is given. This one line presents a number of problems, not all of which are
soluble. To take it at face value is to accept the contemporary evidence that Rembrandt not
only used a white ground but used it exclusively. This assertion cannot be taken uncritically.

It will readily be seen that a white ground might be of considerable assistance to an artist.
His needle penetrates the white to the copper, giving the familiar effect of a reddish ink
line on white paper. A normal ground, without treatment, is virtually transparent, making the
etcher's lines rather difficult to see.[21] The most usual procedure, both in the 17th century
and today, is to smoke the ground and incorporate the soot with the ground by heating the plate
slightly. This gives a black ground, against which the lines appear light, the negative of
the ultimate print. The black ground is favored, both out of long-established tradition and
because it is very easy to apply. Furthermore, artists today explain that they also enjoy the
feeling of working slightly blind, that one of their greatest rewards is the sense of surprise
in peeling the first proof print off the plate. For whatever reason, the black ground has been
preferred by the great majority of artists, both past and present.

The description of Rembrandt's ground in 1660 takes knowledge of the white ground for granted.
Its technique certainly appears to have been generally well known among artists in the middle
of the 17th century. Rubens, in a letter as early as 1622, mentions having received a recipe
for a white ground, although he could not remember it.[22] The first technical explanation
of the process appeared in Bosse's pioneer treatise in 1645.[23] There is no reason why Rembrandt
should not have known of the white-ground technique and every reason to suppose that he did.

There is one piece of strong evidence that he did use a white ground about 1631. One of Rembrandt's
drawings exists which, unlike most of his sketches is an exact prototype (in reverse) of a
specific etching, Diana at the Bath.[24] The back of this drawing is covered with black chalk,
and its lines show the indentation of tracing.
