In the text "In Memoriam" it appears to me that the individual referenced is likely Shelley.  Note the wording "clear harp."  It would not be too much of a stretch to think that this refers to Shelley, whose use of language is generally acknowledged to be remarkably free of unnecessary complexity.  Although the doctrine discussed is not unique, Shelley seems to be more enamored of it than other authors.  For example see Queen Mab sub finem. Revolt of Islam, canto xii. st. 17. Adonais, stanzas 39. 41. et passim.

Let us take a look now at the final two lines of stanza 87 (lxxxvii) of In Memoriam, by Tennyson.  As some others have noted, the sun can be called the father of the moon, because the sun is much larger than the moon and besides the moon derives all of its light from the sun.  We also note that the point on the horizon where an astal body sets could be considered as being the "grave" of that object.  Again thinking of sunset, we recall that a crescent moon is not infrequently aligned closely enough with the sun that the moon seems to be within that remarkably beatiful red color of the sky at sunset.  Thus it seems not unreasonable that these last two lines imply that we reached our destination somewhere between sunset and the setting of the mooon.

Reverend Charles Nevinson:  Please be advised that there are two copies of "Bishop Hoopers Godly Confession, &c., Volume iii, currently on hand at the Trinity College Library of Dublin.

Regarding the request of Edward F. Rimbault for infomation on Machell's MS. Collections for Westmoreland and Cumberland:
The 1778 edition of Burn and Nicholson's History of Westmoreland and Cumberland describes to what degree this subject has been reviewed.  The "Mali Catuli," Machell's Lords of Crakenthorpe in Westmoreland, which is an account of the family of the collector himself, occupies a majority of the manuscript.  The original papers are husbanded by the family.  However, copies of and references to the originals can be found in the library of Carlisle.  I have had the priviliege of translating and organizing these items -- more than one thousand charters, deeds and other papers, for the family.  If I could be of any assistance regarding these matters, you can address mail to G.P. at the Post Office at Barrow upon Humber, Lincolnshire.

Although the editors of the Monasticon had thought that impressions of the seal of the Abbey of Shapp could not be found, we note that two such impressions are present in the Machell MSS.

Mr. Kenneth R. H. Mackenzie has stated that the Oration Against Demosthenes, volume iii, page 141 was privately printed.  With all due respect to Mr. Mackenzie, we note that text was found by Mr. A.C. Harris of Alexandria, came into the possession of Mr. Babingon and has been published this past year, 1850, by Mr. J. W. Parker of London.  The October 1850 edition of Christian Remembrance cites the reference as "The Oration of Hyperides against Demosthenes, respecting the Treasure of Harpalus. The Fragments of the Greek Text, now first edited from the Fac-simile of the MS. discovered at Egyptian Thebes in 1847; together with other Fragments of the same Oration cited in Ancient Writers. With a Preliminary Dissertation and Notes, and a Fac-simile of a Portion of the MS. By Churchill Babington, M.A."  Mr. Mackenzie may wish to consult these sources.
