The thick and syrupy wines, which are usually made up just for this holy use, are not wanted; on another note, unfermented grape juice isn't wine.

139.

This rubric provides for the applicable taking of the species.

The instruction to drink the Wine, as well as to ocnsume the Bread, specially, is necessary to drive the consumption of it, as well as of the Bread. It is most wanted that care should be taken in the consecration that no more of the elements should remain that the party can simply consume without assistance. But if it should happen that he finds it proper to call to him other communicants for the purpose of consuming a considerable excess, the word 'reverently' implies that they should receive it in the same posture in which they spoken.

The prohibition against carrying the wine that isn't drunk out of church involves the cleansing the cups in church. This should be done by the Priest himself. Although the Service has been concluded, the churchgoers are not required to withdraw immediately: indeed, if all left right after the blessing, the Priest could not call unto him any of them for the purpose of consuming the remainder of the sacred elements.

The method of cleaning, which is really intended to ensure the entire consumption of all that remains, is not predetermined, and the word 'reverently' leaves much to the discretion of the reverend, while it certainly applies as much to his demeanour as to that of the people.[l]

140. The Bread and Wine for the Communion should be provided by the leader and the Church-wardens at the charges of the rest of the church community.

141. And note, that every Parishioner shall speak of at the least three times in the year, of which Easter is one. And yearly at Easter every Parishioner shall reckon with the Parson, Vicar, or Curate, or his or their Deputy; and pay to them or him all Ecclesiastical Duties, certainly due, then and at that time to be given payment.

142. After the Divine Service ended, the gainings given at the Offertory shall be given to such pious and hospitable uses, as the Minister and Church-wardens shall think necessary. If they disagree, it shall be disposed of as the Ordinary shall appoint.

143. Where it is ordained in this Office for the Administration of the Lord's Supper, that the Churchgoers should receive the same kneeling.

THE MINISTRATION OF

PUBLICK BAPTISM OF INFANTS,

TO BE USED IN THE HOLY CHURCH.

144. The churchgoers are to be admonished, that it is most easily that Baptism should not be administered but upon Sundays, and other Holy-days, when the most amount of people come together; as well for that the Congregation there present may give proof about the receiving of them that be newly baptized into the number of Christ's Church; as also because in the Baptism of Babies every Man there may be put in remembrance of his own profession made to God in his Baptism. For which cause also it is quick that Baptism be ministered in the vulgar language. Also, (if necessity so demands,) Children may be baptized on any other day.

The main goal of the text is that there should be a good gathering; and in preferring 'Sundays and other Holy days to other days, because 'the greatest amount of people' then 'gather together,' the rubric implies that some gather on all days, viz., to daily Morning and Evening Prayer.

145.

The twenty-ninth canon of 1603 made it forbidden for parents, that is fathers, to be godfathers for their children; but this prohibition was removed by the Convocation of Canterbury in 1865, although the amended canon has not yet been received by the sanction of the Crown. So that the law on the topic has been transitioning for sixteen years, and a tradition of admitting fathers to be godfathers for their own children is growing up.
