Wines, commonly made up for this sacred use,  unfermented grape juice is not wine.[k]
139.

This rubric provides for the reverent consumption of the consecrated species.

The direction to drink the Wine, as well as to eat the Bread, reverently, is imperative to compel the consumption of the Wine, as well as of the Bread. It is most desirable that care should be taken in the consecration that no more of the consecrated elements should remain than the celebrant can conveniently consume without assistance. But if it should happen that he finds it necessary to call to him other communicants for the purpose of consuming a considerable surplus, the word 'reverently' implies that they should receive it in the same posture in which they communicated.

The prohibition against carrying the unconsumed remainder of the consecrated elements out of church involves the cleansing the vessels in church. This should be done by the Priest himself. Although the Service has been concluded, the people are not required to withdraw immediately: indeed, if all left immediately after the blessing, the Priest could not call unto him any of them for the purpose of consuming the remainder of the consecrated elements.

The method of cleansing, which is really intended to ensure the entire consumption of all that remains, is not prescribed, and the word 'reverently' leaves much to the discretion of the Priest, while it certainly applies as much to his demeanour as to that of the people.[l]

140. The Bread and Wine for the Communion shall be provided by the Curate and the Church-wardens at the charges of the Parish.

141. And note, that every Parishioner shall communicate at the least three times in the year, of which Easter to be one. And yearly at Easter every Parishioner shall reckon with the Parson, Vicar, or Curate, or his or their Deputy or Deputies; and pay to them or him all Ecclesiastical Duties, accustomably due, then and at that time to be paid.

142. After the Divine Service ended, the money given at the Offertory shall be disposed of to such pious and charitable uses, as the Minister and Church-wardens shall think fit. Wherein if they disagree, it shall be disposed of as the Ordinary shall appoint.

143. Whereas it is ordained in this Office for the Administration of the Lord's Supper, that the Communicants should receive the same kneeling; &c.

THE MINISTRATION OF

PUBLICK BAPTISM OF INFANTS,

TO BE USED IN THE CHURCH.

144. The people are to be admonished, that it is most convenient that Baptism should not be administered but upon Sundays, and other Holy-days, when the most number of people come together; as well for that the Congregation there present may testify the receiving of them that be newly baptized into the number of Christ's Church; as also because in the Baptism of Infants every Man present may be put in remembrance of his own profession made to God in his Baptism. For which cause also it is expedient that Baptism be ministered in the vulgar tongue. Nevertheless, (if necessity so require,) Children may be baptized upon any other day.

The main object of the rubric is that there should be a good congregation; and in preferring 'Sundays and other Holydays' to other days, because 'the most number of people' then 'come together,' the rubric implies that some come together on all days, viz., to daily Morning and Evening Prayer.

145.

The twenty-ninth canon of 1603 forbade parents, that is fathers, to be godfathers for their own children; but this prohibition was abolished by the Convocation of Canterbury in 1865, though the amended canon has not yet received the sanction of the Crown. So that the law on the subject has been for sixteen years in a state of transition, and a custom of admitting fathers to be godfathers for their children is growing up.
