Here, just before sunset to 03 April, the brigade camp, the Sixth Minnesota to be a couple hundred feet away from the cemetery of brick, east and southeast of it. The troops were told that there is no field of tents, light fires do not, but lie in the arms, keeping as quiet as possible and await further orders. It was rumored that the enemy's works were to be assaulted at night, but not altered. The musicians, however, were called and held subject to the surgeon's orders. The next day, the room, tents broke camp and resumed usual procedures, except that all calls be stopped lest the sound of bugles and drums should reach the ears of the enemy and guide in the bombing of our camp. 

While here a great detail every day was furnished by the Regiment of taxes in the trenches and in the skirmish line. Before sunrise each morning the soldiers marched through the dark ravines to their posts in the trenches and wells of the advance, about half a mile away, do not lie and the exchange of fire with the enemy, and without prejudice to their shells, until relieved. Fortunately, during the week did not happen in this camp a man of the company was hurt, and it is understood that only two victims (minor injuries) occurred in the regiment all the time the siege lasted Blakely. In the deposits of two or three times he came to the brigade, one of which cut a pine near the tomb of Godbold, but not injure dead or alive. These photos were caused by the men to climb the tall pine trees to get the view of the works of the enemy. The bombing of the Spanish fort in the afternoon of August was heard very clearly. It lasted from 5:30 am to 7 and the reports of an average of thirty minutes for the count. 

In the afternoon the next day tents were struck and the regiment left the field, carrying bags, at 4 pm, and moved quietly through the woods to the line of trenches used by the reserve guard pickets, and there, picked up backpacks and other obstacles stacked, men were stationed to await orders. Immediately to the right of the Sixth was a battery and beyond that another regiment, also posted on the reservation, and there was nothing left. From this position of the enemy strongholds that were about half a mile of a direct route to the west, and from the skirmish line advanced to the same runs at about 400 meters. About 17 batteries: 15 other than the Union forces opened fire on the enemy lines, but their weapons did not respond for about ten minutes, when he became the brisk cannonade on both sides, which lasts up to 25 minutes to 6, the battery near the regiment to participate in it. Now it ceased suddenly on our side, and instead heard the cries of the soldiers call as they rose, in the light of reservations from their trenches on the front and ran to the fortifications of the Confederation . In the afternoon the sound of the guns of 6 and had left a white flag was visible, who spoke of surrender of the enemy, and soon the Stars and Stripes has been replaced. Thus, on the afternoon of April 9, 1865, occurred the battle of Blakely, which, like New Orleans in 1815, took place after the need had passed. 

The regiment returned to the original camp at night. The next morning when he crossed the fields of battle and camped immediately hostile earthmoving earlier, about a quarter mile from the village, but remained there only two days, returning on the 12th to the neighborhood of the cemetery. Here Ferlein, unable to march, was left behind. 

But men who have any idea where they went, the line of march was taken on the morning of April 13, but a couple of hours showed that there was no cell phone or Pensacola, but towards the north, showing that the XVI Corps was in one of its features marches again.
