On the third of April, after the fall of the day, the brigade pitched his camp in a placem called the Sixth Minnesota which was at the east and south east of the brick graveyard, some two hundred paces from it. The brigade ordered his army men not to pitch any tents, not to light any fires and should remain calm and wait to take up orders. There was a rumor that they had to attach the enemy that night which however did not take place. But they called the musicians and were made to accept the orders of the surgeon. On the 4th of April, that is on the next day they pitched their tents and started their usual activities. The only thing that did not take place was that the calls were discontinued, for the fear of the sound of drum beats reaching the ears of their enemy which would then make the enemies attack their camps. 

The duties to be undertaken in the trenches and on the lines of encounter were allotted by the regiment and were scheduled. Every day, before dawn, the soldiers had to take up their responsibilities in the obscure valleys to perform their duties in the trenches and pits. Some of them had to go half a mile away and lie down in their given places and exchange shots with their enemy and bear their bombardment until they were relieved. In a time period of one week, spent in this camp, by luck, not a single army man was injured, except two persons who were slightly wounded during the attack of Blakely. Though they were fired at, two or three times, it did not harm anyone. One such attack cut off a thick pine near the Godbold’s grave, but nothing was destroyed. These attacks were as a result of men climbing the tall pine trees to witness the proceedings of their enemy. When the Spanish Fort was bombarded on the evening of 8th April, it did not create much sensation. It started at 5:30 and ended at 7 and reports were sent from there every half an hour about the happening there. 

Next afternoon, the regiment emptied their tents and packed their bags and at 4 in the evening, they started to move quietly through the forests along the line of trenches which were used as watch houses. There, they were standing with their bags and other things, awaiting orders. To their right side was a battery and next to it was another regiment which was there as a reserve force, but there was nothing on their left. In such a position, the enemy would doubt that it was nearly half a mile westward, from the line of encounter to the same troops some 400 yards. The various batteries of the Union forces started to fire when it was about 5:15 p.m., but they were not attacked in return immediately. It took ten minutes to get a reply shot and soon there were shot exchanges going on continuously until 5:35 p.m. Now, on our side it stopped suddenly, and one could hear the happy voices of the soldiers as they were in their full spirits, getting up from their trenches and heading towards the Confederate fortifications. At around six in the evening, one could not hear any sound of the cannon but could see the white flag fluttering, announcing the defeat of the enemy which was superseded by Stars and Stripes. The evening of 9th April 1865, the battle of Blakely resembled the battle of New Orleans in 1815.

For their night stay, the regiment returned back to their original camps. They crossed the battle field and pitched their camps in the place which was nearly a quarter of a mile from the village, but they stayed there only for two days and on 12th they returned to the neighborhood of the cemetery. Here, they left Ferlein, who was not able to proceed.

They did not have a firm decision, where to go next when they marched on in the morning of the 13th of April. But later on it was decided that they should neither go to Mobile nor to Pensacola, but to the north, with a valorous march that proved the strength of the Sixteenth Corps.
