Look here ,shortly before sunset on the 3rd of April, the brigade encamped, the Sixth Minnesota being a couple of hundred paces distant from the brick graveyard, to the east and southeast of it. While here a large detail was furnished every day by the regiment for duty in the trenches and on the skirmish line.The troops were told to pitch no tents, light no fires, but lie on their arms, keep as quiet as possible, and await further orders.

Before sunrise each morning the soldiers filed off through the gloomy ravines to their posts in the trenches and pits of the advance, some half a mile away, there to lie and exchange shots with the enemy, and subject to their shells, till relieved. It was rumored that the enemy's works were to be stormed that night, but we were not disturbed. The musicians, however, were called out and held subject to the surgeon's orders. Next day, the 4th, tents were pitched and the usual camp arrangements recommenced, except that all calls were discontinued lest the sound of the bugles and drums should reach the enemy's ears and guide them in shelling our camp.

In the afternoon of the next day tents were struck and the regiment left camp, knapsacks packed, at 4 o'clock, and moved silently through the woods to the line of trenches used by the reserve of the picket guard, and there, knapsacks being unslung and with other impediments piled together, the men were stationed to await orders. Immediately to the right of the Sixth was a battery and beyond that another regiment, also posted in reserve; and on the left there was nothing. From this position to the enemy's redoubts it was about half a mile in a direct course westward, and from the advanced skirmish line to the same works some 400 yards. About 5:15 p.m. the various batteries of the Union forces opened fire upon the enemy's lines, but their guns did not reply for about ten minutes, when the cannonading became brisk on both sides, lasting until 25 minutes to 6; the battery near the regiment sharing in it. Now it ceased suddenly on our side, and in its place were heard the ringing cheers of the soldiers as they rose, in full view of the reserves, from their trenches in the front and rushed towards the Confederate fortifications. By 6 o'clock the noise of the cannon had ceased and a white flag was visible, which told of the enemy's surrender; and shortly the Stars and Stripes superseded it. Thus, on the evening of the 9th of April, 1865, took place the battle of Blakely, which, like that of New Orleans in 1815, was fought after the necessity for it had passed away.

While here a large detail was furnished every day by the regiment for duty in the trenches and on the skirmish line. Before sunrise each morning the soldiers filed off through the gloomy ravines to their posts in the trenches and pits of the advance, some half a mile away, there to lie and exchange shots with the enemy, and subject to their shells, till relieved. Fortunately during the week spent in this camp not a man of the company was injured, and it is understood that but two casualties (slight wounds) occurred in the regiment the whole time the siege of Blakely lasted. On two or three occasions shells reached the brigade camp, one of which cut off a thick pine near to Godbold's grave, but did not injure either living or dead. These shots were provoked by men climbing the tall pine trees to get sight of the enemy's works. The bombardment of the Spanish Fort on the evening of the 8th was very plainly heard. It lasted from 5:30 o'clock to 7, and the reports averaged about thirty a minute, by count.


Without the men having any idea as to where they were going, the line of march was taken up on the morning of the 13th of April, but a few hours proved that it was neither to Mobile nor to Pensacola, but to the north, showing that the Sixteenth Corps was on one of its characteristic marches again.

The regiment returned to the original camp for the night. Next morning if crossed the battle grounds and encamped immediately within the former hostile earthworks, about a quarter of a mile from the village, but remained there only two days, returning on the 12th to the neighborhood of the cemetery. Here Ferlein, unable to march, was left behind.
