Also
perhaps her knowledge of human nature, though I like to think that there are not many elder
sisters so calculatingly callous as Bridget. The bother about her was that she sadly wanted
her attractive younger sister to marry a sufficient establishment, not, I fear, from wholly
altruistic motives. So she was not altogether sorry when the impecunious soldier-husband, whom
Nelly had personally preferred, was reported missing, thus leaving that to chance once again
open. Then, just as her plans seemed to be prospering, word came secretly to her that there
was a man shattered and with memory lost in a base hospital who might possibly be the brother-in-law
whom she so emphatically didn't want. What happens upon this you shall find out for yourself.
Mrs. HUMPHRY WARD, as you will notice, has no fear of a dramatic, even melodramatic, situation;
handles it, indeed, with a skill that the most popular might envy. Thence onwards the story,
perhaps a trifle slow in starting, gathers force. The two visits to the camp at X---- (a very
thin disguise for a place that no Englishman of our time will ever forget) are admirably vivid;
the last chapters especially being as moving as anything that Mrs. WARD has given us, whether
in her popular, profound or propagandist manner.

       *       *       *       *       *

Lately, Mr. E.F. BENSON seems to have been devoting himself almost wholly to chronicling the
short and simple annals of the middle-aged. With one exception, all his recent protagonists
have been, if not exactly in the sere and yellow, at least ripely mature. So that such a title
as that of his latest novel, An Autumn Solving (COLLINS), produced in me rather a feeling of
familiar expectancy than of surprise. Also when the wrapper artist clothes a volume with a
picture of an elderly gentleman obviously giving up an attractive young woman of perhaps one-third
his years it is idle to pretend that the contents retain all the thrill of the unforeseen.
Having said so much, I can let myself go in praise (as how often before) of those qualities
of insight and gently sub-acid humour that make a BENSON novel an interlude of pure enjoyment
to the "jaded reviewer." In case the indiscreet cover may happily have been removed before
the volume reaches your hands, I do not propose to give away the plot in any detail. The autumn
sowing of course produces a crop not exactly of wild oats, but of romantic tares that springs
in the hitherto barren heart of one Keeling, prosperous tradesman, husband, father, mayor,
public benefactor and baronet, by reason of the too sympathetic damsel who types his letters
and catalogues his library. That library shows Mr. BENSON'S genius; without it I should hardly
have been able to believe in the subsequent happenings, but, given this "secret garden," all
the tragedy is explained. I have left myself no space in which to do justice to some admirable
characterization. Keeling's wife is worthy of a place in the author's long gallery of woolly-witted
matrons; while in Silverdale he has given a study of clerical futility and egotism almost savage
in its detestability, a portrait at which one laughs and shudders together. Of course the book
will have, and deserve, a huge welcome.

       *       *       *       *       *

The union of scholarship and sympathy, enthusiasm and eloquence, is rare; yet these qualities
are to be found in perfect harmony in the stately volume on the poets' poet which has just
been published under the style, on the cover, Life of John Keats, and on the title-page, John
Keats, His Life and Poetry, His Friends, Critics and After-Fame (MACMILLAN)--a volume upon
which Sir SIDNEY COLVIN has been engaged ever since his retirement from the Print Room of the
British Museum, and may be said to have been preparing to write all his days, ever since, as
a boy, he first opened the "magic casement."
