Notwithstanding the numerous testimonies on the subject, and the daily experience, not of the
nomadic tribes alone, but also of all the Russians, many people in Europe cannot conceive how
a spirituous and inebriating liquor could be obtained from milk. But it cannot be supposed
that those travellers who have repeatedly seen these tribes distil their brandy from milk,
without adding the least vegetable matter to the original liquid, and then, in their unbridled
passion for debauch, drink until they stagger and fall, have said so merely to impose upon
the public. Nor can it be objected that the weakness of their head renders them liable to be
easily inebriated by the vapours of the milk, for the Kalmucks can take very large quantities
of grain brandy without losing the use of their legs; and there are Russians, who, although
professedly great drinkers, are sooner inebriated than the Kalmucks by milk-brandy, and often
even by the sour milk of mares, and yet are extremely fond of this kind of drink. I am aware
that strangers have in vain tried to make milk-brandy. I shall even confess that I had a trial
made under my own eyes, at Selenginsk, by Kalmucks, and was so unsuccessful, that I only obtained
a watery fluid which had the smell of sour milk; but the reason of this was, that two clean
vessels had been used. On the contrary, whenever I allowed these people to use their own vessels,
abundant alcoholic vapours were procured. It is, therefore, an important point to determine,
by means of vessels impregnated by long use with a strong smell, and the remains of sour milk,
that sudden souring which developes a spirituous principle. This fermentation of a rare species,
and entirely sui generis, can only be brought to the desired perfection by frequent repetition
of the process, just as, according to Russel,[5] the thick milk (leban), which the Arabs habitually
use for making cheese, can only be obtained by producing the coagulation of the fresh milk
by means of a milk previously curdled, or, in other words, by the cohobation many times repeated
of curdled milk.

After describing the process of distillation, Pallas remarks, if the brandy is made from cows'
milk, what is obtained is equal to the thirtieth, or at most to the twenty-fifth part of the
mass; but when from mares' milk, it equals the fifteenth part. The new fluid is pale and watery,
and does not inflame; but it keeps without spoiling, in glass bottles, like weak corn-brandy.
The rich Kalmucks render it stronger by several distillations, and they have names for the
products of each rectification. The arki is named dang after its first rectification; arza,
after the second; khortsa, after the third. They seldom go farther, although the rectifications
are sometimes pushed to six. The names given to the two last are chingsta and dingsta. The
Kalmucks are generally, however, content with the products of the first distillation.

The receiver has scarcely been filled, when they pour the brandy warm from it into a large
wooden vessel with a spout, from which they fill leather bottles, or gourds.

It is customary for the host, with whom the company is then, to pour brandy into a vessel,
and afterwards to throw part of it into the fire, and part towards the hole by which the smoke
issues to render the spirits of the air or his tutelary angel propitious. Lastly, the warm
brandy circulates among the company, composed of kinsfolk and friends, in large cups, which
often do not hold less than a bottle. If a little is left, it is heated again before it is
drunk. This milk-brandy, on account of the aqueous parts which it contains, does not inebriate
so easily when a small quantity is taken, as brandy made from grain; but it is found, by the
example of the Russians and all the tribes of the Steppes, that the drunkenness which it causes
continues longer, and entirely destroys the appetite.
