"In speaking of the solitary murderer dragging their cargo to the shore, I have already suggested the probability that a boat is worth. Let's understand that Marie Roget was precipitated from a boat. This, of course, have been the case. The body could not be trusted to the shallow waters along the coast. The marks themselves on the back and shoulders of the victim say the bottom ribs of a ship. That the body was found dead weight is also consistent with the idea. If launched from the shore a weight has been attached. You can only give an account of his absence to assume that the murderer has neglected the precaution of supplying himself with it before pushing. In the act of placing the body in the water, without certainly would have realized his supervision, but then no remedy would have been at hand. Any risk would have been preferable to a return to the cursed land. After escape their awful burden, the murderer have rushed to the city. There, in a dark pier, which would have disembarked. But the boat - would have insured? It would have been too big a hurry for things such as securing a boat. Moreover, in subjection to the dock, he would have felt like taking of evidence against himself. His natural thought would have been fired from it, as far as possible, all that was held on the occasion of his crime. Not only have fled from the dock, but he would not have allowed the ship to stay. Surely he would have cast adrift. Let us continue our fantasy .-- In the morning, the wretch is affected by the unspeakable horror to see that the ship has been arrested and detained in a town that has a habit of attending every day - in a locality, perhaps, that his duty compelled to attend. The following night, without daring to ask the helm, not eliminate it. Now, where is the ship without a rudder? That is one of our aims first to discover. With the first glimpse we get of it, the dawn of our success will begin. This boat will guide us, with a rapidity that surprised even ourselves, to one that used on the fatal midnight Saturday. Corroboration will rise upon corroboration, and the murderer will be found. " 

[For reasons we will not specify, but which seem obvious to many readers, we have taken the liberty of here omitting, from the MSS. placed in our hands, as part of the details of monitoring of the track, seemingly light obtained by Dupin. It seems advisable only for the state, in short, that the desired result was taken to pass, and that the Prefect fulfilled punctually, although with reluctance, the terms of his pact with the gentleman. Mr. Poe's article concludes with the following words .-- Eds. (* 23)] 

It will be understood that I speak of coincidences and nothing more. What I said earlier in this topic should be sufficient. In my heart dwells no faith in praeter-nature. That nature and God are two, no man who thinks, they refuse. That the latter, you can create the first, at will, control or modify it, is also unquestionable. I say "at will" because the issue is will, and not, as the insanity of logic has assumed power. Not that the Divinity can not change its laws, but they insult him in imagining a possible need for amendment . In their origin these laws were fashioned to cover all contingencies that might be in the future. With God all things are now. 

Again, then, I talk about these things only from the matches. And later: are related as will be seen that between the fate of the unhappy Mary Cecilia Rogers, to the extent that the destination is known, and the fate of one Marie Roget up to a certain time in its history, there has been a parallel in the contemplation of whose wonderful exactitude the reason becomes shame. I say all this will be.
