“ If it were a single assassin who pulled the body to shore, he would most likely have taken a boat. Presently we have come to know that Marie  Roget was thrown from a boat as that would have been the  most natural thing  to do. It would have been unsafe to drop the body in the shallow shore side water. There were some distinct mark on the back and shoulders of the body that are similar to the floor ribs of a boat. There was no weight attached to the body when it was discovered and this indicates that that the body was not thrown from the shore, as weight would have been attached in that case. Hence, the absence of weight shows that murderer did not think of this precaution before disposing the body into the water. He must have realized it later, but having already dumped the body he could do nothing about it. He could not risk staying there any longer and must have hurried back to the shore after having disposed of his terrible possession. He must have jumped on to the land at some unknown quay. But docking the boat would have been difficult because he would have been in a very great hurry to get back to the city. Besides being in a hurry, tying up the boat to the quay would have made him think of as something like leaving behind a evidence of his crime. His immediate reaction would have been to throw every thing that connected him to the terrible crime. That must have been the reason for his letting the boat go away and drift about. Pursuing our imagination along that line of thought, it must have been a shock to him to have found that the boat should have drifted to the locality that he frequently visited, perhaps his job made him go to that place every day.  Having seen that his boat has been caught and retained for further investigation, he took away the boat even without the rudder to direct it, of course he could not risk being seen seeking the rudder. So finding the rudderless boat would be the first step in our course of actions and finding it would be the first sign of our success.  The boat will lead us to the person, who used it on the deadly Sabbath, much faster than we expected. Supporting evidences will pile up and the murderer found.
For unspecified reason that will be known to many of our readers, we have decided to take the liberty of here omitting from MSS, given to us, parts of truly confidential information such as the clue got by Dupin. So we can only state that the desired result was achieved which made the chief officer or prefect to execute the terms of his compact with the Chevalier reluctantly yet promptly. The concluding words of Mr. Poe’s article is as follows.—Eds(*23)
It can be inferred from what I have said that it is all about coincidences and topic has been sufficiently been talked about by me.  I do not believe in preternatural or anything beyond nature in my heart. Every thinking person will accept that nature and God are two, with God creating the nature, God, at his will, can control or change the nature is a for sure true. But it is at His will, and not his power, as we imagine in our logical deduction that we so madly apply to Him, that controls the nature. Deity’s laws are not made to be changed by anybody including God himself and we sin when we expect God to break it and make changes that will help us. Theses laws were constituted to meet any situation arising in future. But God is for Now. 
As I said earlier that all I have talked are about coincidences. And later you will be able see the similarity in the fates of the unhappy Mary Cecilia Rogers and the fate of Marie Rogêt up to a certain time in their history, as far as fate is known, and that deliberation of the similarity and their reason makes one very uncomfortable. I say all this will be seen.
