
"In speaking of the lonely assassin dragging his burden to the shore, I have already suggested
the probability of his availing himself of a boat. Now we are to understand that Marie Rogêt
was precipitated from a boat. This would naturally have been the case. The corpse could not
have been trusted to the shallow waters of the shore. The peculiar marks on the back and shoulders
of the victim tell of the bottom ribs of a boat. That the body was found without weight is
also corroborative of the idea. If thrown from the shore a weight would have been attached.
We can only account for its absence by supposing the murderer to have neglected the precaution
of supplying himself with it before pushing off. In the act of consigning the corpse to the
water, he would unquestionably have noticed his oversight; but then no remedy would have been
at hand. Any risk would have been preferred to a return to that accursed shore. Having rid
himself of his ghastly charge, the murderer would have hastened to the city. There, at some
obscure wharf, he would have leaped on land. But the boat--would he have secured it? He would
have been in too great haste for such things as securing a boat. Moreover, in fastening it
to the wharf, he would have felt as if securing evidence against himself. His natural thought
would have been to cast from him, as far as possible, all that had held connection with his
crime. He would not only have fled from the wharf, but he would not have permitted the boat
to remain. Assuredly he would have cast it adrift. Let us pursue our fancies.--In the morning,
the wretch is stricken with unutterable horror at finding that the boat has been picked up
and detained at a locality which he is in the daily habit of frequenting --at a locality, perhaps,
which his duty compels him to frequent. The next night, without daring to ask for the rudder,
he removes it. Now where is that rudderless boat? Let it be one of our first purposes to discover.
With the first glimpse we obtain of it, the dawn of our success shall begin. This boat shall
guide us, with a rapidity which will surprise even ourselves, to him who employed it in the
midnight of the fatal Sabbath. Corroboration will rise upon corroboration, and the murderer
will be traced."

[For reasons which we shall not specify, but which to many readers will appear obvious, we
have taken the liberty of here omitting, from the MSS. placed in our hands, such portion as
details the following up of the apparently slight clew obtained by Dupin. We feel it advisable
only to state, in brief, that the result desired was brought to pass; and that the Prefect
fulfilled punctually, although with reluctance, the terms of his compact with the Chevalier.
Mr. Poe's article concludes with the following words.--Eds. (*23)]

It will be understood that I speak of coincidences and no more. What I have said above upon
this topic must suffice. In my own heart there dwells no faith in præter-nature. That Nature
and its God are two, no man who thinks, will deny. That the latter, creating the former, can,
at will, control or modify it, is also unquestionable. I say "at will;" for the question is
of will, and not, as the insanity of logic has assumed, of power. It is not that the Deity
cannot modify his laws, but that we insult him in imagining a possible necessity for modification.
In their origin these laws were fashioned to embrace all contingencies which could lie in the
Future. With God all is Now.

I repeat, then, that I speak of these things only as of coincidences. And farther: in what
I relate it will be seen that between the fate of the unhappy Mary Cecilia Rogers, so far as
that fate is known, and the fate of one Marie Rogêt up to a certain epoch in her history, there
has existed a parallel in the contemplation of whose wonderful exactitude the reason becomes
embarrassed. I say all this will be seen.
