
Crimson--Mix carmine and white, deepening the shaded parts of the picture with additional carmine.

Flesh Color--The best representative of flesh color is light red, brightened in the more glowing
or warmer parts, with carmine, softened off in the lighter portions with white, and shaded
with purple and burnt sienna.

Lead Color--Mix indigo and white in proportions to suit.

Scarlet--Carmine and light red.

For Jewelry cups of gold and silver preparations accompany each box for Daguerreotypists, or
may be procured separately.

The method of laying colors on Daguerreotypes is one of considerable difficulty, inasmuch as
they are used in the form of perfectly dry impalpable powder.  The author of this little work
is now experimenting, in order, if possible, to discover some more easy, artistic and unexceptionable
method.  If successful, the result will be published in a future edition.

The rules we shall give for coloring Daguerreotypes depends, and are founded, upon those observed
in miniature painting, and are intended more as hints to Daguerrean artists, in hopes of leading
them to attempt improvements, than as instructions wholly to be observed.

The writer is confident that some compound or ingredient may yet be discovered which, when
mixed with the colors, will give a more delicate, pleasing, and natural appearance to the picture
than is derived from the present mode of laying them on, which in his estimation is more like
plastering than coloring.

IN COLORING DAGUERREOTYPES, the principal shades of the head are to be made with bistre, mixed
with burnt sienna, touching some places with a mixture of carmine and indigo.  The flesh tints
are produced by the use of light red, deepened towards the shaded parts with yellow ochre,
blue and carmine mixed with indigo, while the warmer, or more highly colored parts have a slight
excess of carmine or lake.  Color the shades about the mouth and neck with yellow ochre, blue,
and a very little carmine, heightening the color of the lips with carmine and light red, letting
the light red predominate on the upper, and the carmine on the lower lip; the shades in the
corner of the mouth being touched slightly with burnt sienna, mixed with carmine.

In coloring the eyes, the artist will of course be guided by nature, observing a very delicate
touch in laying on the colors, so as to preserve as much transparency as possible.  A slight
touch of blue--ultramarine would be best if it would adhere to the Daguerreotype plate--in
the whites of the eye near the iris, will produce a good effect.

In coloring the heads of men it will be necessary to use the darker tints with more freedom,
according to the complexion of the sitter. For women, the warmer tints should predominate,
and in order to give that transparency so universal with the softer sex--and which gives so
much loveliness and beauty to the face--a little white may be judiciously intermingled with
the red tints about the lighter portions of the face.

In taking a picture of a lady with light or auburn hair, by the Daguerrean process, much of
the beauty of the face is destroyed, on account of the imperfect manner in which light conveys
the image of light objects to the spectrum of the camera.  This may be obviated in some measure
by proper coloring.  To do this, touch the shaded parts with burnt sienna and bistre, filling
up the lighter portions with yellow ochre, delicate touches of burnt sienna, and in those parts
which naturally have a bluish tint, add very delicate touches of purple--so delicate in fact
as hardly to be perceived.  The roots of the hair at the forehead should also be touched with
blue, and the eyebrows near the temples made of a pinkish tint.

The chin of a woman is nearly of the same color as the cheeks in the most glowing parts.  In
men it is stronger, and of a bluish tint, in order to produce the effect given by the beard.
