To create the color crimson, mix carmine and white, working to deepen the shaded portions of the picture by adding more carmine.

To render flesh color, start with light red tones and then brighten the warmer parts and then use carmine to soften the lighter parts using white while then shading with burnt sienna and purple.

To create a lead color, combine indigo and white togther until the desired color is achieved.

Render scarlet by mixing carmine and light red.

When working with Daruerrerotypists, accompany Jewelry cups of gold and silver preparations or consider procuring each by themselves.

Laying colors on Daguerreotypes requires a considerable amount of skill and talent because it takes the form of a dry powder which us difficult to work with.  Experiments are in process to find an easier method to work with this powder and when a new method is discovered it will be announced in a future issue.

For those coloring Daguerreotypes, much insight can be gained by reviewing miniture paintings but no hard and fast rules apply as artists learn through observation.

The author is confident that new methods will be uncovered that will show users how to combine colors to achieve a pleasing and more organic outcome to the pictures than is already rendered through past methods of layering them which is a cruder and less refined way.

When coloring Daguerreotypes, the basic colors of the head are derived from bistre, combined with burnt sienna while adding in a combination of carmine and indigo.  Flesh tone is rendered with the use of light red, mixing in yellow ochre, blue and carmine while also combining indigo.  Warmer tones can be achieved by using an abundant amount of carmine or lake.  When rendering the mouth or neck, yellow ochre, blue and small amounts of carmine should be used and the effect can be enhanced with carmine and light red.  The red should be used on the upper lip while carmine should be applied to the lower lip.  Burnt sienna can be used with carmine at the corners of the mouth.

Different techniques should be used when coloring mens and women's eyes.  With women, warmer colors should be applied as this provides a transparency that is more flattering to women and it can be combined with a little white also.  This provides  more beauty and compliments the face in a positive manner.  Darker coloring should be used with men.  

Capturing women with light or auburn hair is quite challenging using the Daguerren method as the natural beauty of a face is diminished because light colored portions of the image isn't conveyed well by the camera.  Using propering coloring techniques after taking the picture may remedy this problem.  Adding burnt sienna to the shaded or dark parts of the image while using yellow ochre in lighter areas with a subtle use of burnt sienna is a proper technique.  In portions of the image that may show a blue impression, small amounts of purple can be added.  Blue can also be used at the roots of the hair while eyebrows should have a pinkish coloring.

When rendering a woman's chin, the coloring should match the glow of the cheeks.  With men, a bluish coloring can be used to render a shadowy effect that resembles a beard.
