Donia speciosa Don, Gen. Syst. vol. 2. p. 468.

Clianthus Dampieri Cunningham, loc. cit.

Colutea Novae Hollandiae, &c. Woodward in Dampier's Voy. vol. 3. p. 111. tab. 4. f. 2.

LOC. "In going up the Barrier Range near the Darling, approximately 500 feet above the river." D. Sturt.

OBS. In July, 1817, Mr. Allan Cunningham, who went along with Mr. Oxley when he first went to the Western Interior of New South Whales, found his Clianthus Oxleyi on the easternmost shore of Regent's Lake, on the River Lachlan. Mr. Eyre, in 1893, found an identical plant on the Gawler Range, which wasn't too far from the endpoint of Spencer's Gulf. It was also noticed not too long ago by Captain Sturt, on his Barrier Range close to Darling. All the species in these localities are one-and-the-same, I am quite sure of it.

Mr. Cunningham accompanied Captain King and they found a plant which seemed, to him, quite similar to the one that had previously been found at Regent's Lake. He recorded the plant's description in his journal:

"I found Kennedya speciosa (what he originally called the Clianthus Oxleyi) on a sterile bleak flats, near Regent's Lake, on Lachlan, the river I am currently on. The location is 33 degrees 13 minutes S and long 146 degrees 40 minutes E. There were not many of the plants, and only one was flowering. The French call this island "Isle Malus". Mr. Cunningham didn't realize from Dampier of the previously available figure and description. But in 1833, in a communication to the Horitcultural Society, that he had found a distinct species. This idea was probably imparted to him by the article in Don's System of Gardening and Botany vol. 2. p. 468, which describes a third genus. This third genus has a specimen in Mr. Lambert's possession, in his Herbarium, and is said to have been discovered by Captain King at Curlew River. It was called Clianthus Dampieri by the discoverer. The characteristics include leaves of a different form and racemes instead of umbels. He refers to Dampier's description, which indicate that the flowers as umbellate, when he is referring to the Clianthus Oxleyi. But he was wrong. The are not umbellate. I have encountered specimens that are corymbose, and I have examined both speicmens extensively and where they currently reside. However, they have gone missing. They have been bequeathed to relatives of the previous owners."

I have found several specimens since that description was written. One was at Sir William Hooker's Herbarium. There I saw two specimens of Clianthus, which Mr. Bynoe found, on the Northwest coast of Australia when he was in the beagle. These are identical to Dampier's, as they are similar in shape and leave structure, and in their subumbellate inflorescene with the plant of the Lachlan, Darling, and the Galwer Range. You will notice that when the pods are half ripe, they are more clearly visible as the intended plant. But it is sufficiently different when the pods have ripened to prove it is different from the original to be a new genus. I believe this genus should be the Eremocharis, based on its ornamentation of the desert region of inner Australia, and the sterile islands of the Northwest coast.
