The only shelf left for inspection is the upper-most one. There are three sepulchral tablets, as well as the fronts of two sarcophagi. Inside a wreath is the tablet from Crete, which contains an inscription describing an honour of a golden crown conferred by the inhabitants of Crete upon a man named Alexander. Once the visitor sees the front of the first sarcophagus, which depicts gay Cupids enacting Bacchanalians, they should pass on to the

SECOND DIVISION.

In this division, the visitor can see a strange square altar with Silvanus, in front of the pilaster. The altar is dedicated to Silvanus by the farm servant of Caius Coelius Heliodorus, Callistus. The visitor will also see a trophy which was discovered on the plains of Marathon.

There are some fine works grouped in this division, the first of which are two white marble Victories discovered in the ruins of the villa ofAntonius Pius, at Monte Cagnuolo. The first Victory is kneeling upon a bull, preparing to stab it, and is followed by a fine bust of a laughing satyr. The laughing satyr, in particular, will catch the attention of the visitor, who will then see a colossal foot in a sandal, under the front of a sarcophagus; then, the votive torso, apparently that of an athlete. Following the athletic torso is a red marble swan found in a vineyard near the Villa Pinciana, a terminal statue of  a satyr, a bust of Diogenes, and then a bust which could be part of the figure of a dying Amazon. Finishing the round is a bust of Atys. The visitor will notice that, on the upper shelf of this division, the front and ends of a sarcophagus are to be found, uponn which Baccus and Ariadne are represented in a chariot, heralded by Bacchanals and drawn by Centaurs; in other parts of the Sarcophagus, Pan is being castigated by a satyr and carried off by two Cupids, once more aided by another stayr. On the lower shelf, one will  see several antique busts; one may be that of Achilles, one is an old Hercules, one is a Bacchante, one is a bust of Aratus, one is a female head, and oone is a tragic mask from the lid of a sarcophagus. This ends the visual tour of the second division, and the visitor can move on to the

THIRD DIVISION.

The most notable work in this division is that of a celebrated copy of the statue of Praxiteles, of Cupid bending his bow, found in front of the third pilaster. The copy is four feet, three and a half inches tall, and arrived in this country originally as a present from Barry, the painter, to one Edmund Burke, from Rome. This copy, however, is not the best of the numerous that have existed.

In addition to the noted copy, this division includes several sepulchral urns with figures in relief. Amidst them are an altar inscribed by Annia Augustalis to the manes of M. Clodius, his brother Felix, and to Tyrannus; and a bas-reief discovered near the mausoleum of Agustus. This bas-relief represents a Muse standing before a dramatic poet. There is also an altar in the general vicinity, ornamented with other bas-reliefs, dedicated by Aurelius Timotheus to Diana. On the altar is also a small figure of Neptune from Athens, a veiled Ceres bearing a torch (also from Athens), a draped Muse in terra cotta holding a lyre, and a cippus with a representation of Silenus riding a panther. On the lower shelf are three Etruscan sarcophagi, two of alabaster and one in peperino, all three representations of recumbent female figures. On the first sarcophagus is the hunt of the Calydonian boar. On the second is Scylla. And on the third is a bas-relief representing Achilles dragging Penthesilea from her chariot. Also to be found on this lower sheelf are a bas-relief showing Luna encompassed by the signs of the Zodiac and a sun-dial supported by the claws and heads of lions. The visitor should then turn to the upper shelf, where he will find the bas-reliefs deposited there.
