The upper shelf now remains for inspection. Here
are three sepulchral tablets, and the fronts of two sarcophagi. The tablet from Crete, within
a wreath, contains an inscription descriptive of honour conferred by the inhabitants of Crete
upon an individual named Alexander, the gift to him being a golden crown. Having noticed the
gay Cupids enacting Bacchanalians upon the first front of a sarcophagus, the visitor should
pass on at once to the

SECOND DIVISION.

Here, in front of the pilaster, the visitor should remark a curious square altar, with Silvanus,
to whom the altar is dedicated by the farm servant of Caius Coelius Heliodorus, Callistus;
and a trophy discovered on the plains of Marathon.

Grouped in this division, are some fine works. First let the visitor remark two white marble
Victories discovered in the ruins of the villa of Antoninus Pius, at Monte Cagnuolo. The first
Victory is kneeling upon a bull which she is about to sacrifice; and the second also is kneeling
upon, and about to stab, a bull. Then a fine bust of a laughing satyr will arrest the attention
of the visitor; then a colossal foot in a sandal, under the front of a sarcophagus; then the
votive torso, supposed to be that of an Athelete; then a red marble swan found in a vineyard
near the Villa Pinciana; then a terminal statue of a satyr; then a bust of Diogenes; then a
bust, conjectured to be part of the figure of a dying Amazon; then a bust of Atys. Turning
to the upper shelf of this division, the visitor should notice the front and ends of a sarcophagus
deposited there. Upon these Bacchus and Ariadne are represented in a chariot, heralded by Bacchanals,
and drawn by Centaurs; and in other parts Pan is being castigated by a satyr, and carried off
by two Cupids aided by a satyr. Turning to the lower shelf the visitor should examine several
antique busts. First there is a bust, conjectured to be that of Achilles; then there is an
old Hercules; then a Bacchante; then a bust of Aratus; a female head; and a tragic mask from
the lid of a sarcophagus. With the examination of this shelf the visitor closes his inspection
of the second division, and should at once advance into the

THIRD DIVISION.

First, let the visitor notice, placed in front of the third pilaster, a celebrated copy of
the statue of Praxiteles, of Cupid bending his bow. This celebrated copy is four feet, three
and a half inches, in height. It arrived in this country originally as a present to Edmund
Burke, from Rome, by Barry, the painter. Numerous copies of this Cupid exist, and the one before
the visitor is not the best.

In this compartment or division, the visitor should also remark several sepulchral urns with
figures in relief. Amid other sepulchral monuments are, an altar inscribed by Annia Augustalis,
to the manes of M. Clodius, his brother Felix, and to Tyrannus; and a bas-relief discovered
near the mausoleum of Augustus, representing a Muse standing before a dramatic poet. Hereabouts
also the visitor should notice an altar, ornamented with bas-reliefs, dedicated by Aurelius
Timotheus to Diana; a small figure of Neptune from Athens; a veiled Ceres bearing a torch,
from Athens; a draped Muse in terra cotta holding a lyre; and a cippus, with a representation
of Silenus riding a panther. On turning to the lower shelf, the visitor will at once be struck
with the sarcophagi. Here are three Etruscan sarcophagi, two of alabaster, and one in peperino.
On all three are recumbent female figures, and in front of the first the hunt of the Calydonian
boar; of the second, Scylla; and of the third, a bas-relief representing Achilles dragging
Penthesilea from her chariot. On this shelf also are, a bas-relief showing Luna encompassed
by the signs of the Zodiac, and a sun-dial supported by the claws and heads of lions. Turning
now to the upper shelf, the visitor should examine the bas-reliefs deposited thereon.
