Still there are no answer to find the size of the room in terms of vapor or kill the bacteria in atomsphere.however there are few experiments which is helpful to prove that the bacteria can be killed.for example;
when we use the copper boiler and boil a mixture we can see the small jet of steam for some hours with no existence of bacteria in the vapour.
If we are using a meat in a test tube and we boil it by holding the mouth of its vapour. once it is getting cool use the cotton wool and close the mouth of the tube and keep it a warm place and after some days again there is no bacteria or trace of decompostion.
    However when we we do the same task with the water decompostion shows itself.in this way the carbolic acid can be used for tests.
  
methods of disinfecting the atmospher can be done by burining of sulphur which can be looked later.

The lecturer has given causes and precaution to be taken for air impurities.

*********


Staining Bacillus Tuberculosis
  By T.J. BURRILL, M.D., Champaign, Ill.

I have avoided the evaporation of the solvent.and from couple of months i have used the glycerine rather that the use if alcoholic solution. freedon from vexation s preceptions is secured and has good,steady results. 
 there are issue with the alcoholic mixture to creep.
     where as the glycerine mixture is free and compensating disadvantages.

Material used for staining Bacillus tuberculosis 
is glycerine, 20 parts; fuchsin, 3 parts; aniline oil, 2 parts; carbolic acid, 2 parts. 
 In this solution the task happens quickly without any side effects or risk.
to use it.
Take a pomatum pot which is better with full of water and and two drops of mixture and dont stir vigorously just do it gently .
once stain gets dissloved no further trouble however in case there a evaporation still it is the waterthat goes not the main solvent.
the colour should be trasparent.put it in the smeared cover glass and pass the flame on it  and leave it to go with the room temparature.
for immediate results boil little water in the test tube and add double of glycerine mixture moving it run down the other side of the tubeand shake it gently so that it can absorb and take out the hot liquid into the dish, once its done cover with the sputum.with further wait for the temperature the stain with be effected in minutes.however the outcome is not enough for 
permanent mounts due to slow process.

After staining add the cover into nitric (or hydrochloric) acid and water and one part to four, unless its decolorized for a minute; wash it in the water and then examine, or dry and mount in balsam.
