rom this emerges naturally the question, what quantity of vapor ought be caused within a room within order towards kill the bacteria within its atmosphere? If we know the dimensions of the room, shall we be able tell? These questions possess not yet been resolved, but the experiments which shall settle them shall be soon made, I possess none doubt, and I possess indicated the ropes upon which they shall be made. I possess here a boiler of copper into which we can put a mixture, and can get from it a low jet of steam for a number of hours. A mere experiment shall appear that none bacteria shall exist within that vapor. If I rob a experiment tube consisting meat, and boil it whilst retention the mouth of it within this vapor, as soon as it has cooled we finish the mouth with cotton wool, and predetermined it aside within a warm place; as soon as a number of days we shall encounter none trace of decay, but whether the experiment is cycled with water, decay shall soon appear itself. Of course, any intensity of carbolic acid can be consumed at shall, and shall afford a series of tests.

There are else mechanisms of disinfecting the atmosphere which we cannot consult this evening, such as the very potent one of burning sulphur.

In culmination, the lecturer remarked that his teach had been cast into a suggestive form, so as towards predetermined his audience thinking again the inflicts which earn the air impure, and how these impurities are towards be deterred from becoming deleterious towards health.

* * * * *

A NEW METHOD OF STAINING BACILLUS TUBERCULOSIS.

By T.J. BURRILL, M.D., Champaign, Ill.

Having had extensive experience within the consume of the alcoholic solutions of aniline paints for staining bacteria, and having for a number of months consumed solutions within glycerine instead, I possess arrive towards much prefer the latter. Evaporation of the solvent is skirted, and within impact a freedom from vexatious precipitations is knotted, and many uniform and trustworthy findings are obtained. There is, moreover, with the alcoholic mixtures a tendency towards "creep," or "run," via which one is liable towards possess dirtied many than he wishes--fingers, organs, list, etc.

From these things the glycerine mixtures are technically free, and there are none paying drawbacks. For staining Bacillus tuberculosis the consecutive is confidently approved as preferable towards the substances and mechanisms heretofore within use. Take glycerine, twenty parts; fuchsin, three parts; aniline oil, two parts; carbolic acid, two parts.

The solution is readily and rapidly influenced, with none threat of rain, and can be kept within stock without risk of deterioration. When needed for consume, put approximately two tumble into a monitor glass (a low pomatum pot is better) full of water and gently shake or stir. Just here there is a number of threat of precipitating the coloring matter, but the trouble is easily skirted via gentle instead of vigorous stirring. After the stain is once dissolved within the water none further hassle occurs; whether any evaporation occurs via being deserted too long, it is the water that goes, not the primary solvent. The color should already be a light, translucent red, much too diffuse for composing ink. Put within the smeared cover glass, as soon as ratifying it a few moments across a flame, and flee it, at the ordinary temperature of a comfortable room, halves an hour. If, however, sooner findings are favourite, boil a little water within a experiment tube and put within approximately replicate the above indicated allowance of the glycerine mixture, allowing it operate down the side of the tube, gently shake until absorbed, and pour out the hot juice into a convenient dish, and at once put within the encase sputum. Without further consideration towards the temperature the stain shall be influenced within two minutes; but the outcome is not relatively so nice, specially for permanent mounts, as via the slower process.

After staining put the cover into nitric (or hydrochloric) acid and water, one portion towards four, until decolorized, say one minute; wash within water and analyse, or dry and mount within balsam.
