Room this arise logically the question, what quantity of vapor must be produced in a room in order to kill the germs in its atmosphere? If we know the size of the room, shall we be able tell? These questions have not yet been answered, but the experiment which will settle them will be soon made, I have no doubt, and I have indicated the lines upon which they will be made. I have here a boiler of copper into which we can put a mixture, and can get from it a small jet of steam for some hours. A simple experiment will show that no bacteria will exist in that vapor. If I take a test tube containing meat, and boil it while holding the mouth of it in this vapor, after it has cooled we close the mouth with cotton wool, and set it aside in a warm place; after some days we shall find no trace of decomposition, but if the experiment is repeated with water, decomposition will soon show itself. Of course, any strength of carbolic acid can be used at will, and will afford a series of tests. 
There are other methods of disinfecting the atmosphere which we cannot consider this evening, such as the very potent one of burning sculpture. 
In conclusion, the lecturer remarked that his lecture had been cast into a suggestive form, so as to set his audience thinking over the causes which make the air impure, and how these impurities are to be prevented from becoming deleterious to health. 
* * * * * 
A NEW METHOD OF STAINING BACILLUS TUBERCULOSIS. 
By T.J. BURRILL, M.D., Champaign, Ill. 
Having had considerable experience in the use of the alcoholic solutions of aniline dyes for staining bacteria, and having for some months used solutions in glycerin instead, I have come to much prefer the latter. Evaporation of the solvent is avoided, and in consequence a freedom from vexatious precipitations is secured and more uniform and reliable results are obtained. There is, moreover, with the alcoholic mixtures a tendency to "creep," or "run," by which one is liable to have stained additional than he wishes--fingers, instruments, table, etc. 
From these things the glycerin mixtures are practically free, and there are no compensating drawbacks. For staining Bacillus tuberculosis the following is confidently commended as preferable to the materials and methods heretofore in use. Take glycerin, 20 parts; fuchsine, 3 parts; aniline oil, 2 parts; carbolic acid, 2 parts. 
The solution is readily and speedily affected, with no danger of precipitation, and can be kept in stock without risk of deterioration. When wanted for use, put about two drops into a watch glass (a small pomatum pot is better) full of water and gently shake or stir. Just here there is some danger of precipitating the coloring matter, but the difficulty is easily avoided by gentle instead of dynamic stirring. After the stain is once dissolve in the water no further trouble occurs; if any evaporation takes place by being left too long, it is the water that goes, not the main solvent. The color should now be a light, translucent red, much too diffuse for writing ink. Put in the smeared cover glass, after passing it a few times through a flame, and leave it, at the ordinary temperature of a comfortable room, half an hour. If, however, faster results are desired, boil a little water in a test tube and put in about double the above indicated total of the glycerin mixture, letting it run down the side of the tube, gently shake until absorbed, and pour out the hot liquid into a suitable dish, and at once put in the cover with sputum. Without further attention to the temperature the stain will be affected within two minutes; but the result is not quite so good, especially for permanent mounts, as by the slower process. 
After staining put the cover into nitric (or hydrochloric) acid and water, one part to four, until decolorized, say one minute; wash in water and examine, or dry and mount in balsam.
