These drain pipes are made of wood in short lengths, reinforced tested by a metal spiral strip layout, and at a pressure of 40 pounds per square inch
The corners are turned and assembled in classes 4 - and 6-in. square head.

The entire building is ventilated by a character or a fan in the basement, and a fan in the attic of a capacity sufficient for the complete renovation of the air in each laboratory once in 20 min.

The fan is in the middle of the building placed on the ground floor and 100 mm in diameter. Its capacity is 30,000 cubic meters. Feet of air per minute. And forces the air through a series of tubes, placed in folders in each laboratory.

The hood in the middle of the attic, is determined to 550 rev. per min. and has a capacity of 22 600 cubic meters. Feet of air per minute. The air is extracted from each of the rooms below, as well as bells, a main line, 48 inches in diameter.

Steam and internal combustion tests .-- The studies included under the term of fuel consumption, related to the use of different types of fuels from coal and oil, and relate mainly to the combustion of these fuels in producing gas in furnaces of steam boilers, engines, etc . and with the efficiency and the use of oil, kerosene, gasoline, etc., in internal combustion engines. This work is under the general direction of Mr. RL
Fernald and is mainly produced in the building No. 13 (Plate XVII) and 21

bought to test the combustion of fuels by the government, is the team of two boilers with water tubes Heine, each composed of 210 hp, a system in the building No. 13. One of these is a boiler plate or a fireman equipped and Jones combined on a regular basis. At four points in the configuration of the large pipes were in the brick wall, the explanations can build on the temperature of the gas and gas samples for chemical analysis.

The other boiler grid is set with a hand plane fired. It amazed step for the gas (Fig. 15). Thanks to this portion of the caldera in the back, remove the gas, the length of the combustion chamber (Plate XVIII) and the same course as the hand-fire grill. Both run the grid and the manual feed combustion chamber for a long period in parallel, but it is expected that typically only one is running. A forced draft fan is on one side of the boiler feed water source will be installed to provide air when coal is burned to its maximum capacity. This fan is also connected to supply air into the combustion chamber at any length. A more detailed description of the boiler is in vocational No 
Because of the distance from the building No. 21 of the main group of buildings, it was appropriate to try to steam the construction of Building No. 13 No. 21 to make, whether for heating or electricity. Taking into account also the need for different types and sizes of boilers for heating at home because of evidence that have been through this in the context of these investigations made to install, it was decided to install this boiler on the ground floor of the building No. 21, where they could be used not just to make the necessary evidence, but are in the heat and steam for the construction and chemical laboratories.

In addition to the physics lab on the ground floor of the building No. 21 in the boiler and heating with coal storage requirements, there are rooms dedicated to storage of supplies heavy samples fuels and oils and various commercial aircraft. One room is occupied by the fan and used a chopper to be necessary, roll, screen, etc., necessary, as part of the coal sample prior to analysis.
