With a grin and a shiver I turned from the boundary and its recollections to the doorway in the partition premier to the kitchen flower bed, in a corner of which my own little flower bed utilised to be. The doorway was open, and I stood still a instant before going through, to contain my wind and listen. The quiet was as deep as before. The location appeared deserted; and I should have considered the dwelling empty and closed up but for the mindfully tended radishes and the latest footmarks on the green of the path. They were the footmarks of a child. I was stooping down to analyze a particularly clear one, when the blaring caw of a very uninterested looking crow seated on the partition just overhead my head made me leap as I have seldom in my life leapt, and recalled me that I was trespassing. Clearly my nerves were all to parts, for I accumulated up my dresses and escaped through the doorway as though a entire armed detachment of ghosts and kin were at my heels, neither did I halt till I had come to the isolated corner where my flower bed was. "Are you enjoying yourself, Elizabeth-" inquired the mocking sprite that calls itself my soul: but I was too much out of wind to answer. 

This was actually a very protected corner. It was divided from the major flower bed and the dwelling by the partition, and closed in on the north edge by an orchard, and it was to the last stage improbable that any one would arrive there on such an afternoon. This contrive of ground, turned now as I glimpsed into a rockery, had been the view of my most untiring labours. Into the freezing soil of this north boundary on which the sun not ever glowed I had cut into my brightest hopes. All my pouch cash had been expended on it, and as bulbs were costly and my every week share little, in a mortal hour I had scrounged from Fraulein Wundermacher, trading her my self-reliance, transient utterly into her power, compelled as a outcome till my next anniversary should arrive around to an unnatural suavity of talk and kind in her business, contrary to which my very soul revolted. And after all, not anything came up. The work of cutting into and watering, the troubled zeal with which I pounced on weeds, the poring over gardening publications, the designs made as I sat on the little chair in the middle looking admiringly and with the eye of belief on the trim exterior so shortly to be gemmed with a 1000 blossoms, the reckless expenditure of pfennings, the humiliation of my place in consider to Fraulein Wundermacher,--all, all had been in vain. No sun glowed there, and not anything grew. The gardener who reigned supreme in those days had granted me this large-scale part for that sole cause, because he could manage not anything with it himself. He was no question of attitude that it was rather good sufficient for a progeny to trial upon, and went his way, when I had thanked him with a profuseness of thankfulness I still recall, with an unmoved countenance. For more than a year I worked and remained, and observed the vocation of the flourishing orchard converse with mystified feelings. The orchard was only a couple of backyards away, and yet, whereas my flower bed was full of manure, and water, and attentions that were not ever bestowed on the orchard, all it could display and ever did display were a couple of sad beginnings of development that either stayed stationary and did not accomplish blossoms, or dwindled down afresh and vanished. Once I timidly inquired the gardener if he could interpret these indications and wonders, but he was a engaged man with no time for responding inquiries, and notified me soon that gardening was not wise in a day. How well I recall that after noon, and the very form of the slovenly clouds, and the stink of jump things, and myself going away abashed and seated on the shaky bench in my domain and marvelling for the hundredth time what it was that made the distinction between my bit and the bit of orchard in front of me. The crop trees, far sufficient away from the partition to be after the come to of its freezing shadow, were tossing their flower-laden heads in the sunshine in a heedlessly well-satisfied latest tendency that topped up my heart with envy.
