With a grin and a tremble I moved around from the border and its memories to the doorway in the wall leading to the vegetable garden, in a nook of which my own small garden used to be. The door was open, and I stood still a minute prior to going through, to arrest my breath and listen. The muteness was as profound as earlier. The place appeared abandoned; and I should have believed the household empty and shut up merely for the cautiously leant radishes and the new footprints on the greenness of the path. They were the footmarks of a youngster. I was bending down to analyse a specially clear one, when the loud caw of a very bored looking crow seated on the wall just above my head made me leap because I have rarely in my life jumped, and reminded me that I was intruding. Distinctly my nerves were totally to pieces, for I gathered up my skirts and took flight through the doorway as tho' an entire army of ghosts and cousins were at my bounders, nor did I cease till I had reached the distant niche where my garden was. "Are you enjoying yourself, Elizabeth?" asked the bemocking fairy that calls itself my soulfulness: but I was a bit much out of breath to reply.

This was actually a very secure niche. It was detached from the primary garden and the household aside the wall, and closed inwards on the north side by a grove, and it was to the last degree unlikely that anybody would come at that place on such an good afternoon. This patch, became now as I saw into a rock garden, had been the panorama of my most tireless labours. Into the cold ground of this north border on which the sun never fell I had cut into my most lustrous hopes. All my spending money had been exhausted on it, and as bulbs were dear and my every week allowance little, in a fatal hour I had borrowed from Fraulein Wundermacher, selling her my independency, passing absolutely into her great power, forced as a consequence till my next natal day should come around to a monstrous blandness of speech and personal manner in her companionship, against which my real soulfulness repelled. And after all, nothing came up. The toil of excavating and irrigating, the apprehensive ardour with which I swooped on weeds, the poring over horticulture books, the plans created as I sat on the little seat in the midst staring admiringly and with the eye of trust on the clean-cut Earth's surface so before long to be beaded with a thousand blooms, the foolhardy expending of pfennings, the mortification of my position in relation to Fraulein Wundermacher,--entirely, altogether had been in vain. No sun beamed at that place, and nothing grew. The gardener who prevailed dominant in those days had given me this big piece for that exclusive reason, because he could do nothing with it himself. He was without doubt of belief that it was quite good enough for a kid to experiment upon, and went his way, when I had thanked him with a richness of gratitude I still recollect, with an unemotional countenance. For more than a year I did work and awaited, and ascertained the vocation of the successful grove opposite with baffled notions. The grove was only a couple of yards away, and all the same, tho' my garden was full of muck, and water, and attentions that personified ne'er bestowed on the grove, all it could demonstrate and ever so did demonstrate comprised a few unhappy commencements of development that either persisted fixed and did not accomplish blooms, or dwindled away once again and disappeared. Once I bashfully asked the nurseryman if he could explain these signs and wonders, but he was a busybodied gentleman without any time for replying enquiries, and assured me shortly that horticulture wasn't learned in a day. How advantageously I recollect that good afternoon, and the very shape of the fainéant clouds, and the aroma of natural spring things, and myself departing chagrined and sitting on the precarious bench in my area and marveling for the hundredth time what it was that made the difference 'tween my bit and the bit of grove ahead of me. The fruit trees, far enough away from the wall to be on the far side the ambit of its frigid shade, were discarding their flower-laden heads in the sunlight in a heedlessly well-satisfied manner that fulfilled my heart with enviousness.
