
With a smile and a shiver I turned from the border and its memories to the door in the wall
leading to the kitchen garden, in a corner of which my own little garden used to be. The door
was open, and I stood still a moment before going through, to hold my breath and listen. The
silence was as profound as before. The place seemed deserted; and I should have thought the
house empty and shut up but for the carefully tended radishes and the recent footmarks on the
green of the path. They were the footmarks of a child. I was stooping down to examine a specially
clear one, when the loud caw of a very bored looking crow sitting on the wall just above my
head made me jump as I have seldom in my life jumped, and reminded me that I was trespassing.
Clearly my nerves were all to pieces, for I gathered up my skirts and fled through the door
as though a whole army of ghosts and cousins were at my heels, nor did I stop till I had reached
the remote corner where my garden was. "Are you enjoying yourself, Elizabeth?" asked the mocking
sprite that calls itself my soul: but I was too much out of breath to answer.

This was really a very safe corner. It was separated from the main garden and the house by
the wall, and shut in on the north side by an orchard, and it was to the last degree unlikely
that any one would come there on such an afternoon. This plot of ground, turned now as I saw
into a rockery, had been the scene of my most untiring labours. Into the cold earth of this
north border on which the sun never shone I had dug my brightest hopes. All my pocket money
had been spent on it, and as bulbs were dear and my weekly allowance small, in a fatal hour
I had borrowed from Fraulein Wundermacher, selling her my independence, passing utterly into
her power, forced as a result till my next birthday should come round to an unnatural suavity
of speech and manner in her company, against which my very soul revolted. And after all, nothing
came up. The labour of digging and watering, the anxious zeal with which I pounced on weeds,
the poring over gardening books, the plans made as I sat on the little seat in the middle gazing
admiringly and with the eye of faith on the trim surface so soon to be gemmed with a thousand
flowers, the reckless expenditure of pfennings, the humiliation of my position in regard to
Fraulein Wundermacher,--all, all had been in vain. No sun shone there, and nothing grew. The
gardener who reigned supreme in those days had given me this big piece for that sole reason,
because he could do nothing with it himself. He was no doubt of opinion that it was quite good
enough for a child to experiment upon, and went his way, when I had thanked him with a profuseness
of gratitude I still remember, with an unmoved countenance. For more than a year I worked and
waited, and watched the career of the flourishing orchard opposite with puzzled feelings. The
orchard was only a few yards away, and yet, although my garden was full of manure, and water,
and attentions that were never bestowed on the orchard, all it could show and ever did show
were a few unhappy beginnings of growth that either remained stationary and did not achieve
flowers, or dwindled down again and vanished. Once I timidly asked the gardener if he could
explain these signs and wonders, but he was a busy man with no time for answering questions,
and told me shortly that gardening was not learned in a day. How well I remember that afternoon,
and the very shape of the lazy clouds, and the smell of spring things, and myself going away
abashed and sitting on the shaky bench in my domain and wondering for the hundredth time what
it was that made the difference between my bit and the bit of orchard in front of me. The fruit
trees, far enough away from the wall to be beyond the reach of its cold shade, were tossing
their flower-laden heads in the sunshine in a carelessly well-satisfied fashion that filled
my heart with envy.
