
ARTICLE V: DUES

Sec. 1.--The annual dues from each constituent Society shall be five dollars, which shall be
paid to the Treasurer before the first meeting of the Administrative Council.

Sec. 2.--If a Society be admitted into membership after such date, its dues shall be paid upon
admission.

Sec. 3.--Societies whose dues remain unpaid after the time set shall lose their vote in the
Administrative Council until payment is made. Neglect to pay for two years may be a cause for
dismissal from the Association by the Administrative Council.

ARTICLE VI: DATE OF EFFECT

This Constitution shall take effect January 2, 1913.

ARTICLE VII: AMENDMENTS

An amendment to this Constitution may be adopted by a two-thirds vote of the Administrative
Council.

FOOTNOTES:

[G] See Prof. Sharfman's address, page 124, and Dr. Kohler's remarks at the Convention luncheon,
page 128.

[H] The Association of Cosmopolitan Clubs, at its Convention at Ohio State University on Dec.
26-30, 1914, passed a resolution of greeting and welcome to the Intercollegiate Menorah Association.

[I] How, and to what extent, a Deputy shall be instructed, depends upon the will of the Society
which accredits him. (This was the sense of the Constituent Convention.)

Notes

Of the Intercollegiate Menorah Association

Brown Menorah Dedication Exercises

The Brown Menorah Society held its dedication exercises in the auditorium of the Brown Union
on January 16, 1915. The Chairman was Maurice J. Siff, '15, President of the Society. Morris
J. Wessel, '11, spoke of the need of the Menorah from the graduate's point of view. Chancellor
Henry Hurwitz brought the greetings of the Intercollegiate Menorah Association and explained
the purposes of the Menorah movement. President W. H. P. Faunce of the University, in his response,
welcomed the Menorah Society to Brown. Rabbi Nathan Stern, of Providence, spoke upon the significance
of the Menorah, and unveiled and lit a brass Menorah which he presented to the Society. Dean
Otis E. Randall spoke upon "The Educational Value of College Organizations," and expressed
the hope that the new Menorah Society would contribute to the uplift of the student body.

President Faunce said, in part: "This Society must justify itself by making better Brown men
than ever before. Most especially among its duties it must strive for a type of Brown man that
cultivates the best there is in himself, a man who respects himself, soul, body and spirit,
the type of man who flings himself gladly into whatever he believes in. And so I hope to-night
that every member of this Society will cherish the finest things in the history of his own
people if he is a member of the Jewish nation--that he will cultivate everything that is worthy
and noble and try to help his brethren throughout the world."

The Thirty-Sixth Menorah Society

A Menorah Society has recently been organized at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology,
in Boston. The meeting preliminary to definite organization was held in the Technology Union
on March 9. Isadore Levin of the Harvard Menorah Society, First Vice-President of the Intercollegiate
Menorah Association, brought the greetings of the Association and explained the Menorah purposes
and procedure. Leo I. Dana, '16, was elected President.

In a communication to the Chancellor of the Menorah Association, Dean Alfred E. Burton of the
Institute writes: "I take pleasure in stating that we shall be glad to have a branch of the
Menorah Society formed among our undergraduates, and I can endorse the names of the officers
who have been chosen. They are all earnest students in good standing at the Institute and I
am sure they will be able to establish a branch of the Menorah Society that will be a credit
to the general intercollegiate organization."

The first lecture before the Society was delivered on April 5 by Dr. H. M. Kallen of the University
of Wisconsin. The subject was "Hebraism and Nationality."
