ARTICLE V: DUES

Sec. 1--Before the first meeting of the Administrative Council, the annual dues from each constituent Society shall be five dollars, which shall be paid to the Treasurer. 

Sec. 2.--Its dues shall be paid upon admission,if a Society be admitted into membership after such date. 

Sec. 3.--Neglect to pay for two years may be a cause for dismissal from the Association by the Administrative Council. Societies who rejects the dues  and remain unpaid after the time set shall lose their vote in the Administrative Council until payment is made.

ARTICLE VI: DATE OF EFFECT

This Constitution shall take effect January 2, 1913.

ARTICLE VII: AMENDMENTS

An amendment to this Constitution may be adopted by a two-thirds vote of the Administrative Council.

FOOTNOTES:

[G] See Prof. Sharfman's address, page 124and  page 128, Dr. Kohler's remarks at the Convention luncheon.

[H] The Association of Cosmopolitan Clubs, passed a resolution of greeting and welcome to the Intercollegiate Menorah Association, at its Convention at Ohio State University on Dec. 26-30, 1914. 

[I] Depends upon the will of the Society which accredits him. How, and to what extent, a Deputy shall be instructed (This was the sense of the Constituent Convention.)

Notes

Menorah Association of the Intercollegiate 

Dedication Exercises of Brown Menorah 

On January 16, 1915, the Brown Menorah Society held its dedication exercises in the auditorium of the Brown Union . The Chairman was Maurice J. Siff, '15, President of the Society. Morris J. Wessel, '11, spoke of the need of the Menorah from the graduate's point of view. Chancellor Henry Hurwitz, explained the purposes of the Menorah movement, brought the greetings of the Intercollegiate Menorah Association. President W. H. P. Faunce of the University,welcomed the Menorah Society to Brown. Rabbi Nathan Stern in his response, of Providence, spoke upon the significance of the Menorah, and unveiled and lit a brass Menorah which he presented to the Society. "The Educational Value of College Organizations," was presented by Dean Otis E. Randall, spoke upon that the new Menorah Society would contribute to the uplift of the student body.

President Faunce said, in part: "This Society must justify itself by making better Brown men than ever before.  A man who respects himself, soul, body and spirit, the type of man who flings himself gladly into whatever he believes in.  I hope to-night that every member of this Society will cherish the finest things in the history of his own people and will cultivate everything that is worthy and noble and try to help his brethren throughout the world."

The Thirty-Sixth Menorah Society

The meeting preliminary to definite organization was held in the Technology Union on March 9. 
A Menorah Society has recently  organized at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, in Boston. 

In a communication to the Chancellor of the Menorah Association, Dean Alfred E. Burton of the Institute writes: 

"I take pleasure in stating that we shall be glad to have a branch of the Menorah Society formed among our undergraduates. They are all earnest students in good standing at the Institute and I am sure they will be able to establish a branch of the Menorah Society that will be a credit to the general intercollegiate organization."The first lecture before the Society was delivered on April 5 by Dr. H. M. Kallen of the University of Wisconsin. The subject was "Hebraism and Nationality."
