Article V:dueds

Seconds. 1 .-- The annual membership fee from each component society has five dollars, payable to the Treasurer before the first meeting of the Administrative Board.

Seconds. 2 .-- If a society shall be admitted into membership thereafter, their fee is paid on importation.

Seconds. 3rd .-- companies whose fees remain unpaid after the time limit set lose their vote on the Administrative Board until payment. Neglect to pay for two years may be cause for dismissal from the Association of Governing Council.

Article VI: Date EFFECT

This Constitution shall enter into force on January 2, 1913

Article VII: AMENDMENTS

Amendment of this Constitution may be adopted by two-thirds vote of the Administrative Council.

Footnotes:

[G] Look at Professor Sharfman, p. 124, and remarks by Dr. Kohler at lunch Convention, p. 128.

[H] Association of Cosmopolitan Clubs, the Convention in Ohio State University for December 26-30, 1914 adopted a resolution to greet and welcome the menorah Intercollegiate Association.

[I] How and in what manner, deputy should be instructed depends on the will of society that accredits him. (This is the meaning of the Constituent Convention.)

Notes

Association of Intercollegiate menorah

Brown menorah Dedication Exercises

Brown menorah society dedication exercises held in the gym of the Union of Brown January 16, 1915. The chairman is Maurice J. Siff, 15, chairman of the company. Merry J. Morris, 11, spoke about the need for a menorah from the perspective of students from the screen. Chancellor Henry Hurwitz brought the greetings of the Intercollegiate Association menorah and explain the purpose of the menorah movement. President WHP Faunce the university in its response, welcomed menorah Society for Brown. Rabbi Nathan Stern of Providence, speaks of the importance of the menorah and lit the menorah and provide brass, which he submitted to the public. Dean Otis E. Randall speaks of "the educational value of college organizations and expressed hope that the new menorah society will contribute to charging the students.

President Faunce said in part: "This society must be justified by better men than ever before Brown. Especially among his duties should strive for a kind man Brown that grow best there is in himself, man that respect, soul, mind and body, the type of man who delighted in throwing whatever to believe in. And so I hope tonight that every member of this society will take care of the best things ever of their own people if he is a member of the Jewish people - that he will cultivate everything that is decent and noble and try to help their brethren around the world. "

Thirty-six community menorah

A menorah society has recently been organized at MIT in Boston. Predetermined meeting place in the organization of Technology Union on 9 March. Isadore Levin from Harvard menorah Society, First Vice-President of the Intercollegiate Association menorah, brought greetings to the association and explain the objectives and procedures menorah. Leo I. Dana "16, was elected President.

In a message to Chancellor of the menorah Association, Dean Alfred E. Burton of the Institute wrote: "I enjoy indicates that we will be happy to have a branch of the menorah society formed among our students, and I can approve the names of employees who are selected. All these are serious students in good standing of the Institute and I am sure they will be able to establish a branch of the menorah society will loan a total intercollegiate organization. "

The first lecture was delivered to the Company on 05 April by Dr. HM Kallen of the University of Wisconsin. The subject was "Hebraism and nationality."
