But this was not the worst. My dress, which suffered inevitably from this menial
employment, began in no long time to bear witness to the change in my circumstances; so that
on the day of the King of Navarre's entrance into St. Jean I dared not face the crowd, always
quick to remark the poverty of those above them, but was fain to keep within doors and wear
out my patience in the garret of the cutler's house in the Rue de la Coutellerie, which was
all the lodging I could now afford.

Pardieu, 'tis a strange world! Strange that time seems to me; more strange compared with this.
My reflections on that day, I remember, were of the most melancholy. Look at it how I would,
I could not but see that my life's spring was over. The crows' feet were gathering about my
eyes, and my moustachios, which seemed with each day of ill-fortune to stand out more fiercely
in proportion as my face grew leaner, were already grey. I was out at elbows, with empty pockets,
and a sword which peered through the sheath. The meanest ruffler who, with broken feather and
tarnished lace, swaggered at the heels of Turenne, was scarcely to be distinguished from me.
I had still, it is true, a rock and a few barren acres in Brittany, the last remains of the
family property; but the small small sums which the peasants could afford to pay were sent
annually to Paris, to my mother, who had no other dower. And this I would not touch, being
minded to die a gentleman, even if I could not live in that estate.

Small as were my expectations of success, since I had no one at the king's side to push my
business, nor any friend at Court, I nevertheless did all I could, in the only way that occurred
to me. I drew up a petition, and lying in wait one day for M. Forget, the King of Navarre's
secretary, placed it in his hand, begging him to lay it before that prince. He took it, and
promised to do so, smoothly, and with as much lip-civility as I had a right to expect. But
the careless manner in which he doubled up and thrust away the paper on which I had spent so
much labour, no less than the covert sneer of his valet, who ran after me to get the customary
present--and ran, as I still blush to remember, in vain--warned me to refrain from hope.

In this, however, having little save hope left, I failed so signally as to spend the next day
and the day after in a fever of alternate confidence and despair, the cold fit following the
hot with perfect regularity. At length, on the morning of the third day--I remember it lacked
but three of Christmas--I heard a step on the stairs. My landlord living in his shop, and the
two intervening floors being empty, I had no doubt the message was for me, and went outside
the door to receive it, my first glance at the messenger confirming me in my highest hopes,
as well as in all I had ever heard of the generosity of the King of Navarre. For by chance
I knew the youth to be one of the royal pages; a saucy fellow who had a day or two before cried
'Old Clothes' after me in the street. I was very far from resenting this now, however, nor
did he appear to recall it; so that I drew the happiest augury as to the contents of the note
he bore from the politeness with which he presented it to me.

I would not, however, run the risk of a mistake, and before holding out my hand, I asked him
directly and with formality if it was for me.

He answered, with the utmost respect, that it was for the Sieur de Marsac, and for me if I were he.

'There is an answer, perhaps?' I said, seeing that he lingered.

'The King of Navarre, sir,' he replied, with a low bow, 'will receive your answer in person,
I believe.' And with that, replacing the hat which he had doffed out of respect to me, he turned
and went down the stairs.

Returning to my room, and locking the door, I hastily opened the missive, which was sealed
with a large seal, and wore every appearance of importance. I found its contents to exceed
all my expectations.
