Oh, it was not the worst. Being stuck in a menial job did improve my circumstances. When the King of Navarre entered St. Jean I did now want to face the people below who were so poor in moral and virtue. I wanted to stay indoors and wear out my welcome in the hostel I could afford.

So sorry, the world is strange. My reflections on that day, I remember, were of the most melancholy. I grow old, I shall wear my trousers rolled and my pockets were empty and my mustache betrayed my own poverty. You could not misake me for the meanest ruffler. 

I had still a rock and a few barren acres in Brittany, the last remains of the family property; but the small small sums which the peasants could afford to pay were sent annually to Paris, to my mother, who had no other dower. I could not betray her and a die a proper man.

I nevertheless did all I could, in the only way that occurred to me. I drew up a petition, and lying in wait one day for M. Forget, the King of Navarre's secretary, placed it in his hand, begging him to lay it before that prince. But he was careless with thrust away the paper on which I had spent so much labour. His valet, who ran after me to get the customary present--and ran, as I still blush to remember, in vain--warned me to refrain from hope. 

At length, on the morning of the third day--I remember it lacked but three of Christmas--I heard a step on the stairs. I would not, however, run the risk of a mistake, and before holding out my hand, I asked him directly and with formality if it was for me. My first glance at the messenger confirmed me in my highest hopes, as well as in all I had ever heard of the generosity of the King of Navarre. The messanger was a page, a young man who had pestered me in the street the day prior.

;The King of Navarre, sir,' he said, with a low bow, 'will receive your answer in person, I believe.' And with that, replacing the hat which he had doffed out of respect to me, he turned and went down the stairs.  Once he left, I opened the letter and the hope I found exceeded all of my greatest expectations.
