
No one of the libraries of the first class now in existence dates beyond the fifteenth century.
The Vatican, the origin of which has been frequently carried back to the days of St. Hilarius
in 465, cannot with any propriety be said to have deserved the name of library before the reign
of Pope Martin V., by whose order it was removed in 1417 from Avignon to Rome. And even then
a strict attention to exactitude would require us to withhold from it this title until the
period of its final organization by Nicholas V. in 1447. It is difficult to speak with certainty
concerning the libraries, whether public or private, supposed to have existed previous to the
fifteenth century, both on account of the doubtful authority and indefiniteness of the passages
in which they are mentioned, and the custom which so readily obtained in those dark ages of
dignifying with the name of library every petty collection of insignificant codices. But many
libraries of the fifteenth century being in existence, and others having been preserved long
enough to make them the subject of historical inquiry before their dissolution, it becomes
easier to fix with satisfactory accuracy the date of their foundation. We find, accordingly,
that during the fifteenth century ten libraries were formed: the Vatican at Rome, the Laurentian
at Florence, the Imperial of Vienna and Ratisbon, the University at Turin, the Malatestiana
at Cesena, the Marciana at Venice, the Bodleian at Oxford, the University at Copenhagen, and
the City at Frankfort on the Maine. The Palatine of Heidelberg was founded in 1390, dispersed
in 1623, restored in 1652, and augmented in 1816.

The increase of the libraries of Europe has generally been slowly progressive, although there
have been periods of sudden augmentation in nearly all of them. They began with a small number
of manuscripts; sometimes with a few, and often without any printed works. To these gradual
accessions were made from the different sources which have always been more or less at the
command of sovereigns and nobles. In 1455 the Vatican contained 5000 manuscripts. In 1685,
after an interval of more than two centuries, the number of its manuscripts had only risen
to 16,000, and that of the printed volumes did not exceed 25,000. In 1789, but little more
than a century later, the number of manuscripts had been doubled, and the printed volumes amounted
to 40,000.

Far different was the progress of the Royal, or as it is now called, the National Library of
Paris. The origin of this institution is placed in the year 1595--the date of its removal from
Fontainebleau to Paris by order of Henry IV. In 1660 it contained only 1435 printed volumes.
In the course of the following year this number was raised to 16,746, both printed volumes
and manuscripts. During the ensuing eight years the library was nearly doubled; and before
the close of the subsequent century, it was supposed to have been augmented by upwards of 100,000
volumes.

In most cases the chief sources of these augmentations have been individual legacies and the
purchase of private collections. Private libraries, as our readers are doubtless well aware,
began to be formed long before public ones were thought of. Like these, they have their origin
in the taste, or caprice, or necessities of their founders, and are of more or less value,
as one or the other of these motives has presided over their formation. But when formed by
private students with a view to bring together all that has been written upon some single branch
of science, or by amateurs skilled in the principles of bibliography, they become more satisfactory
and complete than they could possibly be made under any other circumstances. Few of them, however,
are preserved long after the death of the original collector; but falling into the hands of
heirs possessed of different tastes and feelings, are either sold off by auction, or restored
to the shelves of the bookseller.
