None of the libraries in existence today date beyond the 15th century. In the days of St. Hilarius during the year 465, the Vatican was relocated from Avignon to Rome. Even then, a direct attention to being exact would withhold us from the title. That is, until the period of its final organization of it by Nichlas V. in the year 1447. Doubtful authority, indefiniteness of passages, and the way people named libraries in the past is speculated. andIt's hard to know whether libraries did indeed exist in the 15th century, whether they were public or private. Many libraries from the 15th century are easy to date their foundations because of their preservation. Ten libraries were created during the 15th century. They are the Laurentian at Florence, the University at Turin, the Vatican at Rome, the Imperial of Vienna and Ratisbon, the Marciana at Venice, the Malatestiana at Cesena, the University at Copenhagen, the City at Frankfort on the Maine, and finally the Bodleian at Oxford. Another library, the Palatine of Heidelberg, founded in 1390, was dispersed in 1623, restored in 1652, and augmented in 1816.

There has not been much progress with the increase of libraries in Europe, though there have been periods of sudden augmentations in almost all of them. They started with a few manuscripts-sometimes with a few and rarely with any printed works. The gradual inclinations were created by various different places which have been more or less at the heel of the nobles or sovereigns. In 1455 the Vatican had almost 5000 manuscripts, and, in 1685, after 2 centuries, the number of its manuscripts had only risen to 16,000. As well as this, its printed volumes did not exceed 25,000. However, in 1789, the number of manuscripts in the Vatican had doubled and its printed volumes had risen to in 40,000.

The progress of the Royal, or now known as the National Library of Paris today, was very different. The origin was 1595, which was the date of its relocation from Fontainbleau to Paris, was dictated by the edict of King Henry IV. In 1660, it only containedd 1,435 printed volumes. In the following year, the number rose to 16,746-both printed volumes and manuscripts combined. Within the next eight years, the library content had doubled, and, before the end of the century, it was supposed to have contained about 100,000 volumes.

In many cases, chief sources of the augmentations were individual legacies and the purchase of privately owned collections. Private libraries, as some peoplea are unaware of, were formed many years before public libraries were. They have their origins in the taste or necessities of their "founding fathers" and are of more or less value. One or the other of the motives had prevailed over their formation. However, if formed by private scholars who want to bring together all that has been written on one solitary branch of science, or by some amateurs that are talented in the field of biology, they will become more satisfactory and complete than they would ever be if made under different circumstances. A few of them, though, are retained years after the death of the founding collector. Though, if these libraries are in possession of heirs who have other ideas may either be sold during an auction or returned to the shelves of the orignal bookseller.
