Lamps, always burning at the portals, were
a sign and a perpetual invitation unto all to enter; and, like the gates of the Inferno, they
were ever open to daily and nightly visitants; but, unlike the latter, they permitted EXIT
to all who entered--some exulting with golden spoil,--others with their hands in empty pockets,--some
led by her half-witted son Duelling,--others escorted by her malignant monster Suicide, and
his mate, the demon Despair.

'Religion, morals, virtue, all give way, And conscience dies, the prostitute of play. Eternity
ne'er steals one thought between, Till suicide completes the fatal scene.'

Such is the ALLEGORY;(2) and it may serve well enough to represent the thing in accordance
with the usages of civilized or modern life; but Gaming is a UNIVERSAL thing--the characteristic
of the human biped all the world over.

(2) It appeared originally, I think, in the Harleian Miscellany. I have taken the liberty to
re-touch it here and there, with the view to improvement.

The determination of events by 'lot' was a practice frequently resorted to by the Israelites;
as, by lot it was determined which of the goats should be offered by Aaron; by lot the land
of Canaan was divided; by lot Saul was marked out for the Hebrew kingdom; by lot Jonah was
discovered to be the cause of the storm. It was considered an appeal to Heaven to determine
the points, and was thought not to depend on blind chance, or that imaginary being called Fortune,
who,

     '----With malicious joy,
     Promotes, degrades, delights in strife,
     And makes a LOTTERY of life.'

The Hindoo Code--a promulgation of very high antiquity--denounces gambling, which proves that
there were desperate gamesters among the Hindoos in the earliest times. Men gamed, too, it
would appear, after the example set them by the gods, who had gamesters among them. The priests
of Egypt assured Herodotus that one of their kings visited alive the lower regions called infernal,
and that he there joined a gaming party, at which he both lost and won.(3) Plutarch tells a
pretty Egyptian story to the effect, that Mercury having fallen in love with Rhea, or the Earth,
and wishing to do her a favour, gambled with the Moon, and won from her every seventieth part
of the time she illumined the horizon--all which parts he united together, making up FIVE DAYS,
and added them to the Earth's year, which had previously consisted of only 360 days.(4)

(3) Herod. 1. ii.

(4) Plutarch, De Isid. et Osirid.

But not only did the gods play among themselves on Olympus, but they gambled with mortals.
According to Plutarch, the priest of the temple of Hercules amused himself with playing at
dice with the god, the stake or conditions being that if he won he should obtain some signal
favour, but if he lost he would procure a beautiful courtesan for Hercules.(5)

(5) In Vita Romuli.

By the numerous nations of the East dice, and that pugnacious little bird the cock, have been
and are the chief instruments employed to produce a sensation--to agitate their minds and to
ruin their fortunes. The Chinese have in all times, we suppose, had cards--hence the absurdity
of the notion that they were 'invented' for the amusement of Charles VI. of France, in his
'lucid intervals,' as is constantly asserted in every collection of historic facts. The Chinese
invented cards, as they invented almost everything else that administers to our social and
domestic comfort.(6)

(6) Observations on Cards, by Mr Gough, in Archaeologia, vol. viii. 1787.

The Asiatic gambler is desperate. When all other property is played away, he scruples not to
stake his wife, his child, on the cast of a die or on the courage of the martial bird before
mentioned. Nay more, if still unsuccessful, the last venture he makes is that of his limbs--his
personal liberty--his life--which he hazards on the caprice of chance, and agrees to be at
the mercy, or to become the slave, of his fortunate antagonist.
