Like the gates of the inferno lamps always burning at the portalsthey were always open to day and night visitors,  a sign and a continuous invitation to all to enter but permitted EXIT to all who entered.  few rejoiced with luxury, others poverty stricken, some fighting, few by attempting suicide and its counter part of chronically unsuccessful. 

Till suicide completes  when all morals of religious teachings  give way, character trait and conscience fade away. Eternity never steals one thought between,   suicide completes the fatal scene.

(2)The dramatic scenes  may serve to represent the usage of civilized life. Gambling is a universal truth for the two footed human animal through out the world. 

(2)In the collection of scarce, curious, and entertaining pamphlets and tracts, it appeared originally. With freedom retouched it for improving.

The Israelites often used a counter in determining a question by chance for determining the event, by this way determined which goat be offered to Aaron  and the land of Canaan was divided. Similarly  Saul was marked out for the Hebrew kingdom; Jonah was discovered to be the cause of the storm. This was considered as an appeal to Heaven to determine the points and did not  depend on blind chance or Fortune, the imaginary being.

A LOTTERY of life of malicious joy promotes, degrades, delights in bitter conflict.

There were desperate comedians and magicians  among the Hindoos in the ancient times, proved by the fact that the ancient Hindoo Code do not promote gambling.  Gods had gamesters among them, learning from this Men also gamed and had gamesters. The priests of Egypt made Herodotus believe that one of their kings visited alive the infernal, the lower regions,joined a gaming party, at which he has lost and won. Mercury fell in  in love with Earth, and to do her a favor gambled with the Moon,  Earth's year had previously  only 360 days, Mercury won five days by gambling and added with earths year making it 365
Plutarch tells the  Egyptian story.(4)

(3) Herod. 1. ii.

(4) Plutarch, De Isid. et Osirid.

Gods gambled with mortals, also  play among themselves on Olympus.  According to Plutarch, the priest of the temple of Hercules amused himself with playing at dice with the god, the stake is if won he should obtain some signal favour, if he lost he would procure a beautiful courtesan for Hercules.(5)

(5) In Vita Romuli

The cock with combative nature are the chief instruments  to agitate the minds and ruin the fortunes that it produces a sensation to the effect, believed by the nations of the East dice. 

Assumption that of Charles VI. of France, for merriment invented card is wrong, ascertained by  historical facts is a wrong notion. Chinese not only invented cards but almost every thing for our social and domestic comfort.(6)

(6) Observations on Cards, by Mr Gough, in Archaeologia, vol. viii. 1787

When all other property is played away the Asiatic gambler hesitates not to stake his wife, his child, on the cast of a die or on the courage of the martial bird before mentioned. If  still defeated,  venture  his limbs, personal liberty or life--which he hazards on the unpredictable desire of chance,  at the mercy even to become the slave. A rival of his fortunate.
