But if it was made a lot of direction to satisfy man's zeal and thirsty mind, and his aspirations for knowledge particularly of physical matters as the main information, it is never laughed at his runy efforts to deprive the great secrets of Infinitude allowing only a mechanical device. Although the spectroscope has presented probable resemblance of the terrestrial substance and to the stellar, chemical-specific mixtures proceeded globes in space has not been found, and proved to be the same as those observed in our own planet. In this regard Esoteric psychology can be helpful. But who are the sceince men would agree to face it on their own work? Who of them recognize the superiority and greater reliability Adept's knowledge of their own assumptions, because in their case they may require the mathematical accuracy of the deducible reasonings based on the supposed infallible precision of modern instruments, Though Adepts claim, but the knowledge relating to the ultimate nature of the matter they have been working long and the resulting phenomena are produced . How much can he insisted that the deductive argument is not only imperfect syllogistic form, it may often be conflicted with the fact that their major proposals may not be correct always, even if the predicates of their conclusions seem to correctly done - spectrum analysis would not be recognized as inferior to the purely spiritual research. Similarly, before developing his sixth sense, will the scientists acknowledges the error of his hypothesis of the sun's spectrum, unless he resile, to some extent, at least in his major weakness of probation and an alternative ending syllogisms eternal problems. At the moment, "Adepts" can see no help for it. Were these invisible and unknown profanes intervene - not to say openly conflict - such as to ensure the Royal Society, ridicule and contempt, after which the charges abysmal ignorance of the preliminary basic modern science principles would be their only reward, while those who lend ear to their "whims" would immediately characterize them as types of "mild crazyiness" of the period. If not the size that August body, should begin at once the great Mysteries, and without further ado, or preliminary, and common preparations and training, the FRS's should be miraculously with the necessary sixth sense, Adepts afraid that the task may be useless. The second one quite enough, though it may seem, for the first trial. Order of the martyrs great universal truths were never broken, and a long list of unknown and as well as known sufferers, the title is the name of Galileo, now closes as Zollner. Does the science world to know the real reason for the premature death of Zollner? After the space's fourth dimension becomes a scientific fact, as matter's fourth state, he might have a statue erected to him grateful furture generations. But this does not remind him of life, and it covers many months of mental pain and disruption of this intuitional soul, long-sighted, modest genius, made also after his death to get a donkey kick to mislead the public is accused of madness. 

Until now, astronomy could fumble inbetween darkness and light with only uncertain guidance accordingly. It has fallen and the mathematical precision of physical movement and the tracks of heavenly bodies, and - not anymore. It has not been able to find any approach to the security structure of the body so far, either the sun, or stars, or even the cometary matter. Among the latter, it seems not known for more than 5000 years ago, was tought by the official astronomers belonging to old Chaldea and Egypt - to say that it is foggy, because it conveys the rays from stars and planets without anykind of obstruction.
