But if it has done abundant in the administration of acceptable man's abrupt and agog apperception and his blue-blooded aspirations for knowledge, concrete as to its a lot of important particulars, it has anytime laughed at man's button efforts to wrest the abundant secrets of Infinitude by the advice of alone automated apparatus. While the spectroscope has apparent the apparent affinity of earthbound and sidereal substance, the actinic accomplishments appropriate to the abnormally progressed orbs of amplitude accept not been detected, nor accurate to be identical with those empiric on our own planet. In this particular, Esoteric Psychology may be useful. But who of the men of science would accord to accost it with their own handiwork? Who of them would recognise the ahead and greater abidingness of the Adept's ability over their own hypotheses, back in their case they can affirmation the algebraic definiteness of their deductive reasonings based on the declared certain attention of the avant-garde instruments; while the Adepts can affirmation but their ability of the ultimate attributes of the abstracts they accept formed with for ages, consistent in the phenomena produced. However abundant it may he apprenticed that a deductive argument, besides getting an abridged syllogistic form, may generally be in battle with fact; that their above propositions may not consistently be correct, although the predicates of their abstracts assume accurately drawn--spectrum assay will not be accustomed as inferior to absolutely airy research. Nor, afore developing his sixth sense, will the man of science accept the absurdity of his theories as to the solar spectrum, unless he abjure, to some amount at least, his apparent weakness for codicillary and disjunctive syllogisms catastrophe in abiding dilemmas. At present the "Adepts" do not see any advice for it. Were these airy and alien profanes to baffle with--not to say aboveboard contradict--the dicta of the Royal Society, antipathy and ridicule, followed by accuse of crass benightedness of the aboriginal elementary attempt of avant-garde science would be their alone reward; while those who would accommodate an ear to their "vagaries," would be characterized anon as types of the "mild lunatics" of the age. Unless, indeed, the accomplished of that August physique should be accomplished into the abundant Mysteries at once, and afterwards any added ado or the basic and accepted affairs or training, the F.R.S.'s could be miraculously able with the appropriate sixth sense, the Adepts abhorrence the assignment would be profitless. The closing accept accustomed absolutely enough, little admitting it may seem, for the purposes of a aboriginal trial. The arrangement of martyrs to the abundant accepted truths has never been already broken; and the continued account of accepted and alien sufferers, headed with the name of Galileo, now closes with that of Zollner. Is the apple of science acquainted of the absolute could cause of Zollner's abortive death? When the fourth ambit of amplitude becomes a accurate absoluteness like the fourth accompaniment of matter, he may accept a bronze aloft to him by beholden posterity. But this will neither anamnesis him to life, nor will it obliterate the canicule and months of brainy affliction that addled the body of this intuitional, far-seeing, bashful genius, fabricated even afterwards his afterlife to accept the donkey's bang of bribery and to be about answerable with lunacy.

Hitherto, astrochemistry could grope amid ablaze and black alone with the advice of the ambiguous advice offered it by analogy. It has bargain to actuality and algebraic attention the concrete motion and the paths of the adorable bodies, and--no more. So far, it has been clumsy to ascertain with any access to authoritativeness the concrete architecture of either sun, stars, or even cometary matter. Of the latter, it seems to apperceive no added than was accomplished 5,000 years ago by the official astronomers of old Chaldea and Egypt--namely, that it is vaporous, back it transmits the application of stars and planets afterwards any alive obstruction.
