But if it has done much in the direction of satisfying man's straining and
thirsting mind and his noble aspirations for knowledge, physical as to its most important particulars,
it has ever laughed at man's puny efforts to wrest the great secrets of Infinitude by the help
of only mechanical apparatus. While the spectroscope has shown the probable similarity of terrestrial
and sidereal substance, the chemical actions peculiar to the variously progressed orbs of space
have not been detected, nor proven to be identical with those observed on our own planet. 
In this particular, Esoteric Psychology may be useful.  But who of the men of science would
consent to confront it with their own handiwork? Who of them would recognise the superiority
and greater trustworthiness of the Adept's knowledge over their own hypotheses, since in their
case they can claim the mathematical correctness of their deductive reasonings based on the
alleged unerring precision of the modern instruments;  while the Adepts can claim but their
knowledge of the ultimate nature of the materials they have worked with for ages, resulting
in the phenomena produced. However much it may he urged that a deductive argument, besides
being an incomplete syllogistic form, may often be in conflict with fact;  that their major
propositions may not always be correct, although the predicates of their conclusions seem correctly
drawn--spectrum analysis will not be acknowledged as inferior to purely spiritual research.
Nor, before developing his sixth sense, will the man of science concede the error of his theories
as to the solar spectrum, unless he abjure, to some degree at least, his marked weakness for
conditional and disjunctive syllogisms ending in eternal dilemmas.  At present the "Adepts"
do not see any help for it.  Were these invisible and unknown profanes to interfere with--not
to say openly contradict--the dicta of the Royal Society, contempt and ridicule, followed by
charges of crass ignorance of the first elementary principles of modern science would be their
only reward;  while those who would lend an ear to their "vagaries," would be characterized
immediately as types of the "mild lunatics" of the age.  Unless, indeed, the whole of that
August body should be initiated into the great Mysteries at once, and without any further ado
or the preliminary and usual preparations or training, the F.R.S.'s could be miraculously endowed
with the required sixth sense, the Adepts fear the task would be profitless.  The latter have
given quite enough, little though it may seem, for the purposes of a first trial.  The sequence
of martyrs to the great universal truths has never been once broken;  and the long list of
known and unknown sufferers, headed with the name of Galileo, now closes with that of Zollner.
Is the world of science aware of the real cause of Zollner's premature death? When the fourth
dimension of space becomes a scientific reality like the fourth state of matter, he may have
a statue raised to him by grateful posterity.  But this will neither recall him to life, nor
will it obliterate the days and months of mental agony that harassed the soul of this intuitional,
far-seeing, modest genius, made even after his death to receive the donkey's kick of misrepresentation
and to be publicly charged with lunacy.

Hitherto, astronomy could grope between light and darkness only with the help of the uncertain
guidance offered it by analogy. It has reduced to fact and mathematical precision the physical
motion and the paths of the heavenly bodies, and--no more.  So far, it has been unable to discover
with any approach to certainty the physical constitution of either sun, stars, or even cometary
matter.  Of the latter, it seems to know no more than was taught 5,000 years ago by the official
astronomers of old Chaldea and Egypt--namely, that it is vaporous, since it transmits the rays
of stars and planets without any sensible obstruction.
