When the skeleton raised its arm  and shook its fist angrily at Tom shouted with excitement at perceiving the ginglymoid movement.
          The skeleton, was astonished at this sight because he thought Tom will be terrified  with this sight. Seeing the anatamist was not all panic-struck at its sight the skeleton tried to run away from him through the tomb-stones. As Tom was too anxious to pursue his studies held the skeleton tightly and they began to talk with each other. The skeleton narrated its story to Tom that he was Grindstone and he had buried a quantity of money underground and he cannot rest till the money was dug up and distributed among the creditors. He asked Tom to perform this duty.
      Tom said to him that he is not interested in doing such things but he will do it if he allow him to come and study him every night for the next month. After that the skeleton can rest as it wishes.
    He agreed with Tom, and after recovering from his alarm he shook hands with Tom for the formal approval of the agreement. 
   Tom found the money and distributed it among the creditors and in return for that every night went inside the churchyard, studying the skeleton which assumed any position Tom desired so as to give him an opportunity to study the motion of the bones, which no other anatomist can enjoy.
   It would  have been a delightful sight to anyone who have enough courage to stop and view this sight. When the month expired they parted with great regret. Thus Tom recollected all he had seen and laid foundation for the anatamical science for what he was famous afterwards.
      This is the true story of the famous Dr.----, and all other stories are fabricated ones.
 GEORGE MCDONALD THE LEGEND OF THE LITTLE WEAVER
       Once upon a time there lived a weaver who was hard in nature but was a very honest and industrious man. He had a wife and plenty of childeren. So the poor little weaver have to work very hard to give them something for their survival. As he was such an industrious man he worked day and night and his loom have to work early in the morning till very late at night.
  one morning his wife called him to have his breakfast many times but he refused to have his breakfast and said that he is busy in making a pattern and until he complete and master in it he won't quit.His wife pittied about the stairabot and he cursed the stairabot
