he skeleton lost all patience, and raise his arm, shook his fist angrily at Tom, who with his eyes fixed on his elbow, just shouted his joy at perceiving the "ginglymoid" movement.

Skeleton that had been used to terrify other people were quite amazed at the scientific attitude that young anatomist. Actually most extraordinary the scene that can be viewed at the moment occurred, the ghost, feeling panic-stricken Tom's coolness and scientific spirit, rushed away from him and tried to escape by dodging among the tomb-stones. Tom was eager to continue her studies to let themselves become confused in this way, and putting forth all his strength, soon overtook the skeleton, and held him fast, a conversation followed, during which the skeleton explained that he was old Grindstone himself who had buried a quantity of money under ground, and could not rest in peace until it was dug up and distributed among creditors. This office he asked Tom to do.

"It will be some problems," said Tom, "and the matter is none of mine - but lookye - I'm willing to comply with your request if, as a reward, you will allow me to come and study you every night for the next month. You can then retire to rest, so long a time as you like. "

"Agreed," said the skeleton, and completely recovered from his alarm, he shook hands with Tom in the ratification of the agreement.

Tom took the money, divided it among the creditors, and has passed every night for the next month in the old cemetery, observing his beloved skeleton, as it moved into any position he wanted, gave him an opportunity to study the proposal in the bone in a way that was not applicable to all other anatomist.

The young enthusiast, sitting at midnight with the strange assistant to his quest would have been a lovely sight, had someone had the courage to stop and look at the party. When the month had ended, Tom and his good friend shook hands and parted with great regret, but Tom had entirely preserved in his mind everything he had seen and laid the foundation for the deep anatomical science, which he later became so very prominent.

It is unnecessary to add that this is the true reason of the early career of the famous Dr. ----,, and that all others are baseless fabrications.

JOHN OXENFORD.

"" Well? "She said without looking round. The others quickly followed.

George MacDonald.

Legend of the LITTLE Weaver.

You see that there was a Waiver lived wanst at some point in Duleek here, hard by the gate, and a very honest, industherous man he was, by all accounts. He had a wife and coorse they had childhre, and small blame to them, and lots of them, so the poor little Waiver was obleeged to work his fingers to the bone a'most to get them a bit and sup, but he did 'nt begridge that he was a industherous crayther, as I said before, and it was up and down airly late wid him, and the loom was never standin' still. Well, it was one morning that his wife phoned him and he Sittin 'very busy throwin' shuttle, and she says, "Come here," she says, "jewel, and ate breakfast quest, now it's ready." But he niver minded her, but went on working ': So in a Minit or two more, she says, Callin' out to him again, "Arrah! Fix off Slavin 'you, my darlin', and ate your bite of breakfast quest while it is hot. "

"Lave me alone," he says, and he Dhruv shuttle faster or earlier.

Well, in a little more time, she goes to him where he Sot, and she says, coaxin 'him, "Thady, dear," she says, "it will be stirabout stone cowld if you do not give over that weary work and came and ate it on wanst. "

"I am busy with a patthern here as brakin my heart." says Waiver "and until in my complate it and masther it intirely, I will not quit."

"Oh, think of illigant stirabout that'll be spilled intirely."

"To the divil with stirabout," he says.
