The skeleton lost all patience, and, raising its arm, shook its fist angrily at Tom, who, with
his eyes fixed on the elbow, merely shouted his joy, at perceiving the "ginglymoid" movement.

The skeleton, who had been accustomed to terrify other people, was completely amazed at the
scientific position taken by the young anatomist. In fact, the most extraordinary scene that
can be conceived presently occurred; for the apparition, feeling panic-struck at Tom's coolness
and scientific spirit, darted away from him, and endeavored to escape by dodging among the
tomb-stones. Tom was too anxious to pursue his studies to allow himself to be baffled in this
way; and putting forth all his strength, soon overtook the skeleton, and held him tight, a
conversation ensued, in the course of which the skeleton explained that he was old Grindstone
himself, who had buried a quantity of money underground, and could not rest in peace till it
was dug up and distributed among the creditors. This office he requested Tom to perform.

"It will be some trouble," said Tom, "and the affair is none of mine-- but lookye--I'm willing
to comply with your request, if, as a reward, you will allow me to come and study you every
night for the next month. You may then retire to rest for as long a time as you please."

"Agreed," said the skeleton; and, quite recovered from his alarm, he shook hands with Tom in
ratification of the bargain.

Tom found the money, distributed it among the creditors, and passed every night for the next
month in the old churchyard, observing his beloved skeleton, which as it moved into any position
he desired, gave him an opportunity of studying the motion of the bones, in a way that had
not been enjoyed by any other anatomist.

The young enthusiast, sitting at midnight with the strange assistant to his pursuits, would
have been a delightful sight, had any one possessed the courage to stop and look at the party.
When the month had expired, Tom and his good friend shook hands and parted with great regret;
but Tom had completely retained in his mind all he had seen and laid the foundation of that
profound anatomical science by which he was afterwards so much distinguished.

It is needless to add that this is the true account of the early career of the celebrated Dr.----,
and that all others are baseless fabrications.

JOHN OXENFORD.

"'Well?' said she, without once looking around. The other hastily followed.

GEORGE MACDONALD.

THE LEGEND OF THE LITTLE WEAVER.

You see, there was a Waiver lived, wanst upon a time, in Duleek here, hard by the gate, and
a very honest, industherous man he was, by all accounts. He had a wife, and of coorse they
had childhre, and small blame to them, and plenty of them, so that the poor little Waiver was
obleeged to work his fingers to the bone a'most, to get them the bit and the sup; but he did'nt
begridge that, for he was an industherous crayther, as I said before, and it was up airly and
down late wid him, and the loom was never standin' still. Well, it was one mornin' that his
wife called to him, and he sittin' very busy throwin' the shuttle, and, says she, "Come here,"
says she, "jewel, and ate the breakquest, now that it's ready." But he niver minded her, but
went on workin': So in a minit or two more says she, callin' out to him again, 'Arrah! lave
off slavin' yourself, my darlin', and ate your bit of breakquest while it is hot."

"Lave me alone," says he, and he dhruv the shuttle faster nor before.

Well, in a little time more, she goes over to him where he sot, and, says she, coaxin' him
like, "Thady, dear," says she, "the stirabout will be stone cowld, if you don't give over that
weary work and come and ate it at wanst."

"I'm busy with a patthern here that is brakin my heart." says the Waiver, "and intil I complate
it, and masther it intirely, I won't quit."

"Oh, think of the illigant stirabout, that'll be spilte intirely."

"To the divil with the stirabout," says he.
