4. Another at the Cape, and considered sacred by the Hottentots.
The cut represents the third of these varieties.

    [1] Manual, translated by Gore.

It mostly goes on four legs, holding up two shorter ones. The hind legs are very long; the
middle ones shorter. It is sometimes called the Dried and Walking Leaf, from the resemblance
of its wing covering, in form and colour to a dry willow leaf; it is found in China and South
America, and in the latter country many of the Indians believe that Mantes grow on trees like
leaves, and that having arrived at maturity, they loosen themselves, and crawl or fly away.

Mr. T. Carpenter[2] has recently dissected the head of this species, in which he found large
and sharp cutting teeth; also strong grinding ones, similar to those in the heads of locusts:
the balls at the ends fit into sockets in the jaw. The whole length of the insect is nearly
three inches; it is of slender shape, and in its sitting posture is observed to hold up the
two fore-legs slightly bent, as if in an attitude of prayer, whence its name; for this reason
vulgar superstition has held it as a sacred insect; and a popular notion has often prevailed,
that a child, or a traveller having lost its way, would be safely directed, by observing the
quarter to which the animal pointed, when taken into the hand.

    [2] Gill's Technological Repository, vol. iv. p. 208.

Its real disposition is, however, very far from peaceable: it preys with great rapacity on
smaller insects, for which it lies in wait, in the first mentioned posture, till it siezes
them with a sudden spring, and devours them. It is, in fact, of a very ferocious nature; and
when kept with another of its own species, in a state of captivity, will attack its fellow
with the utmost violence, and persevere till it has killed its antagonist. Roësal, a naturalist,
who kept some of these insects, observes, that in their mutual conflicts, their manoeuvres
very much resemble those of hussars fighting with sabres; and sometimes the one cleaves the
other through, or severs the head from its body with a single stroke. During these engagements
the wings are generally expanded, and when the battle is over, the conqueror devours his vanquished
foe.

The country people in many parts of the continent, look upon the religious Mantis as a divine
insect, and would not on any account injure it. Dr. Smith, however, informs us, that he received
an account of this Mantis, that seemed to savour little indeed of divinity. A gentleman caught
a male and female, and put them together in a glass vessel. The female, which in this, as in
most other insects, is the largest, after a while, devoured, first the head and upper parts
of her companion, and afterwards the remainder of the body.[4] Roësel, wishing to observe the
gradual progress of these creatures to the winged state, placed the bag containing the eggs
in a large enclosed glass. From the time they were hatched they were very savage. He put various
plants into the glass, but they refused them, in order to prey upon each other. He next tried
insect food, and put several ants into the glass to them, but they then betrayed as much cowardice
as they had before done of barbarity; for the instant the Mantes saw the ants, they attempted
to escape in every direction. He next gave them some common house flies, which they seized
with eagerness in their fore claws, and tore in pieces; notwithstanding this apparent fondness
for flies, they continued to destroy each other. Despairing at last, from their daily decrease,
of rearing any to the winged state, he separated them into small numbers, in different glasses;
but here, as before, the strongest of each community destroyed the rest. He afterwards received
several pair of Mantes in the winged state, which he separated, a male and female together,
into different glasses; but they still showed a rooted enmity towards each other, which neither
age nor sex could mitigate.
