It seems as if it might have been built by the same hands. Possibly in the earlier days Santa
Margarita was a vista of San Luis, rather than of San Miguel, though it is generally believed
that it was under the jurisdiction of the latter.

CHAPTER XV

SAN FRANCISCO DE ASIS

The story of Bucareli's determination to found a presidio at San Francisco, and Anza's march
with the colonists for it from Sonora, has already been recounted. When Serra and Galvez were
making their original plans for the establishment of the three first Missions of Alta California,
Serra expressed his disappointment that St. Francis was neglected by asking: "And for our founder
St. Francis there is no Mission?" To which Galvez replied: "If St. Francis desires a Mission,
let him show us his harbor and he shall have one." It therefore seemed providential that when
Portolá, Pages, and Crespí, in 1769, saw the Bay of Monterey they did not recognize it, and
were thus led on further north, where the great Bay of San Francisco was soon afterwards discovered
and reasonably well surveyed.

Palou eventually established the Mission October 9, 1776. None of the Indians were present
to witness the ceremony, as they had fled, the preceding month, from the attacks of certain
of their enemies. When they returned in December they brought trouble with them. They stole
all in their reach; one party discharged arrows at the corporal of the guard; another insulted
a soldier's wife; and an attempt was made to kill the San Carlos neophyte who had been brought
here. The officers shut up one of these hostiles, whereat a party of his comrades rushed to
the rescue, fired their arrows at the Mission, and were only driven back when the soldiers
arrived and fired their muskets in the air. Next day the sergeant went out to make arrests
and another struggle ensued, in which one was killed and one wounded. All now sued for peace,
which, with sundry floggings, was granted. For three months they now kept away from the Mission.

In 1777 they began to return, and on October 4, Padre Serra, on his first visit, was able to
say mass in the presence of seventeen adult native converts. Then, passing over to the presidio
on October 10, as he stood gazing on the waters flowing out to the setting sun through the
purple walls of the Golden Gate, he exclaimed with a heart too full of thanksgiving to be longer
restrained: "Thanks be to God that now our father St. Francis with the Holy Cross of the Procession
of Missions, has reached the last limit of the Californian continent. To go farther he must
have boats."

In 1782, April 25, the corner-stone of a new church was laid at San Francisco. Three padres
were present, together with the Mission guard and a body of troops from the presidio. In the
Mission records it says: "There was enclosed in the cavity of said corner-stone the image of
our Holy Father St. Francis, some relics in the form of bones of St. Pius and other holy martyrs,
five medals of various saints, and a goodly portion of silver coin."

In 1785 Governor Pages complained to the viceroy, among other things, that the presidio of
San Francisco had been deprived of mass for three years, notwithstanding the obligation of
the friars to serve as chaplains. Palou replied that the padres were under no obligation to
serve gratuitously, and that they were always ready to attend the soldiers when their other
duties allowed.

In November, 1787, Captain Soler, who for a brief time acted as temporary governor and inspector,
suggested that the presidio of San Francisco be abandoned and its company transferred to Santa
Barbara. Later, as I have shown elsewhere, a proposition was again made for the abandonment
of San Francisco; so it is apparent that Fate herself was protecting it for its future great
and wonderful history.

In 1790 San Francisco reported 551 baptisms and 205 deaths, with a present neophyte population
of 438. Large stock had increased to 2000 head and small to 1700.
