It is generally believed that Santa Margarita was under the jurisdiction of San Miguel, in the earlier days this could have been under San Luis.  seems this have been built by the same hands. 

CHAPTER XV

SAN FRANCISCO DE ASIS

Considering that Anza marched with the colonists  from Sonora for San Francisco, Bucareli's determined to make a military post there. Serra asked there is no Mission  our founder St. Francis  He expressed his disappointment that St. Francis was neglected, when Serra and Galvez were making their plans for the establishment of  three first Missions of Alta California.  Galvez's reply was that let the harbor be shown that the  Mission will be atSt. Francis. It seemed divine that in 1769 when Portolá, Pages, and Crespí saw the Bay of Monterey they did not recognize it and was led to north to Bay of San Francisco, which was soon discovered add reasonably well surveyed.

In October 9, 1776 Palou established the Mission October 9, 1776,eventually. as the Indians has fled none of them witnessed this. But in December they came back with trouble.  They looted, killed the guard with arrows, tried to insult wife of a soldier and tried to kill  San Carlos the neophyte who was brought there.When one of them was taken and shut up  as hostile, his comrades rushed to the rescue and  fired  arrows at the Mission. They were  driven back when the soldiers arrived and fired  in the air.  Next day a sergeant tried to make arrests and another struggle opened in which one was killed and one wounded. Many were punished with whippings in sundry, that for three months they kept away. 

They began to return  on 1777, Padra Serra on October 4 converted 17 natives to Christianity. At the fort base on October 10 he thanked God and exclaimed that with the Holy Cross of the Procession of Mission St.Francis reached the limit of Californian continent, to proceed further in the sea may not possible. 



The corner-stone of a new church was laid at San Francisco In 1782, April 25.  A body of troops from the presidio with three padres were present.  as per the Mission records in the cavity of the corner-stone image of St. Francis, some relics in the form of bones of St. Pius and other holy martyrs, five medals of various saints, and a good portion of silver coin were enclosed.

In 1785 Governor Pages complained to the viceroy that presidio of San Fransisco was denied of mass for three years, inspite of evangelical counselling  obligation of the guards. Paulo replied that padres were always ready to attend the soldiers when their other duties allowed. 
  
in November, 1787, Captain Soler,temporary governor and inspector suggested the presidio of San Francisco be abandoned and its company transferred to Santa Barbara. Later another  proposition was made for the abandonment of San Francisco.  It is apparent that only Fate  was protecting it for its future great and wonderful history.


San Francisco reported 551 baptisms and 205 deaths, with a present neophyte population of 438 in 1790 . Large stock had increased to 2000 head and small to 1700.
