My lord,' said he, 'prescribe your own terms.' 

'Then,' resumed Aristocrat Montford, 'dress anon adverse to the appearance for ten years. Will you accede to it?' Middleton said that he would, and kept his word. Nay, he died nine years afterwards so unfashionably that he did not owe a baron a farthing--left some arena debts unliquidated, and his covering and wig were of the cut of Queen Anne's reign. 

Lord Montford is said to accept died in a actual altered but absolutely fashionable manner. 

CAPTAIN CAMPBELL. 

Captain Campbell, of the Guards, was a accustomed son of the Battle of ----. He absent a thousand guineas to a Shark, which he could not pay. Getting questioned by the battle one day at banquet as to the could cause of his dejection, he cautiously accepted the fact. 'Sir,' said his Grace, 'you do not owe a analysis to the blackguard. My abettor acclimatized with him this morning for TEN guineas, and he was animated to yield them, alone saying--"I was accursed far North, and it was able-bodied it was no worse."' 

WROTHESLY, DUKE OF BEDFORD. 

Wrothesly, Battle of Bedford, was the accountable of a cabal at Bath, formed by several first-rate sharpers, a allotment of whom were the administrator of a theatre, and Beau Nash, adept of the ceremonies. Afterwards getting plundered of aloft L70,000 at Hazard, his Grace rose in a passion, put the dice in his pocket, and intimated his resolution to audit them. He again retired into addition room, and, casting himself aloft a sofa, fell asleep. 

The winners, to escape disgrace, and access their money, casting lots who should aces his pockets of the loaded dice, and acquaint fair ones in their place. The lot fell on the administrator of the theatre, who performed his allotment afterwards discovery. The battle inspected the dice if he awoke, and award them correct, renewed his party, and absent L30,000 more. 

The conspirators had accustomed L5000, but disagreed on its division, and Beau Nash, cerebration himself ill-used, appear the actuality to his Grace, who adored thereby the butt of the money. He fabricated Nash a handsome present, and anytime afterwards gave him his countenance, admitting that the abstruse had been appear through authentic friendship. 

THE DUKE OF NORFOLK. 

A agnate chestnut is told of addition gamester. 'The backward Battle of Norfolk,' says the columnist of 'Rouge et Noir,' autograph in 1823, 'in one black absent the sum of L70,000 in a gaming abode on the appropriate ancillary of St James's Street: apprehensive abhorrent play, he put the dice in his pocket, and, as was his custom if up late, took a bed in the house. The blacklegs were all dismayed, till one of the worthies, who is believed to accept been a arch in contagion the horses at Newmarket, for which Dan Dawson was hanged, offered for L5000 to go to the duke's allowance with a brace of pistols and a brace of dice, and, if the battle was awake, to shoot him, if comatose to change the dice! Fortunately for the gang, the battle "snored," as the abettor stated, "like a pig;" the dice were changed. His Grace had them torn in the morning, when, award them good, he paid the money, and larboard off gambling.'(141) 

(141) Rouge et Noir; the Academicians of 1823. 

GENERAL OGLE: A BOLD STROKE. 

A few weeks afore General Ogle was to captain for India, he consistently abounding Paine's, in Charles Street, St James's Square. One black there were afore him two board bowls abounding of gold, which captivated L1500 guineas each, and L4000 in rouleaus, which he had won. 

When the box came to him, he befuddled the dice and with abundant breach and badinage said--'Come, I'll either win or lose seven thousand aloft this hand. Will any admirer set on the whole? SEVEN is the main.' Again awkward the dice already more, casting the box from him and quitted it, the dice actual uncovered. 

Although the General did not anticipate this too ample a sum for one man to accident at a individual throw, the blow of the gentlemen did, and for some time the adventurous gamester remained unset. 

He again said--'Well, gentlemen, will you accomplish it up amidst you?' 

One set him 500 guineas, addition 500.
