My lord,' said he, 'prescribe your  have  terms.'

'Then,' resumed Lord Montford, 'dress straight away looking at to the fashion for ten years. Will you underscore it?' Middleton said that he would, and saved his word. Nay, he died nine years afterwards so unfashionably that he did not owe a tradesman a farthing--left numerous playing debts unliquidated, and his windcheater and wig were of the cut of Queen Anne's reign.

Lord Montford is said to have died in a very dissimilar but fairly fashionable manner.

CAPTAIN CAMPBELL.

Captain Campbell, of the Guards, was a natural son of the Duke of ----. He hidden a thousand guineas to a Shark, which he could not pay. Being suspected by the duke one day at dinner as to the start of his dejection, he grudgingly confessed the fact. 'Sir,' said his Grace, 'you do not owe a farthing to the blackguard. My steward answered with him this morning for TEN guineas, and he was glad to take them, simply saying--"I was damned far North, and it was well it was no worse."'

WROTHESLY, DUKE OF BEDFORD.

Wrothesly, Duke of Bedford, was the subject of a conspiracy at Bath, profiled by some first-rate sharpers, among whom were the overseer of a theatre, and Beau Nash, master of the ceremonies. After being plundered of above L70,000 at Hazard, his Grace rose in a passion, left the dice in his pocket, and intimated his resolution to inspect them. He afterward retired into another room, and, flinging himself upon a sofa, plunged asleep.

The winners, to departure embarrassment, and accept their currency, cast lots any person who ought pick his pockets of the loaded dice, and introduce pallid ones in their place. The lot plunged on the overseer of the theatre, any person who implemented his component without discovery. The duke inspected the dice after he awoke, and locating them appropriate, revived his party, and hidden L30,000 more.

The conspirators had received L5000, but opposed on its division, and Beau Nash, thinking himself ill-used, divulged the sighting to his Grace, any person who saved thereby the remnant of the money. He organised Nash a handsome prevailing, and ever later gave him his countenance, believing that the private had been divulged through pure friendship.

THE DUKE OF NORFOLK.

A interchangeable anecdote is conveyed of another gamester. 'The late Duke of Norfolk,' says the journalist of 'Rouge et Noir,' writing in 1823, 'in one after dark hidden the sum of L70,000 in a gaming lodging on the right side of St James's Street: suspecting foul play, he left the dice in his pocket, and, as was his behaviour after higher late, took a bed in the house. The blacklegs were all dismayed, till one of the worthies, any person who is considered to have been a principal in poisoning the horses at Newmarket, for which Dan Dawson was hanged, submitted for L5000 to go to the duke's room with a brace of pistols and a pair of dice, and, if the duke was awake, to shoot him, if asleep to modification the dice! Fortunately for the gang, the duke "snored," as the staff stated, "like a pig;" the dice were changed. His Grace had them contravened in the morning, after, locating them good, he compensated the currency, and withdrew off gambling.'(141)

(141) Rouge et Noir; the Academicians of 1823.

GENERAL OGLE: A BOLD STROKE.

A small proportion weeks in the past General Ogle was to sail for India, he repeatedly attended Paine's, in Charles Street, St James's Square. One after dark there were in the past him couple wooden containers full of gold, which held L1500 guineas each, and L4000 in rouleaus, which he had won.

When the box joined him, he shook the dice and with great coolness and pleasantry said--'Come, I'll either win or lose seven thousand upon this hand. Will any gentleman set on the whole? SEVEN is the main.' Then rattling the dice once more, cast the box from him and quitted it, the dice remaining uncovered.

Although the General did not think this too many a sum for one man to danger at a single lob, the unwind of the gentlemen did, and for numerous time the brash gamester stayed unset.

He afterward said--'Well, gentlemen, will you generate it higher amongst you?'

One set him 500 guineas, another 500.
