My lord,'
said he, 'prescribe your own terms.'

'Then,' resumed Lord Montford, 'dress directly opposite to the fashion for ten years. Will
you agree to it?' Middleton said that he would, and kept his word. Nay, he died nine years
afterwards so unfashionably that he did not owe a tradesman a farthing--left some playing debts
unliquidated, and his coat and wig were of the cut of Queen Anne's reign.

Lord Montford is said to have died in a very different but quite fashionable manner.

CAPTAIN CAMPBELL.

Captain Campbell, of the Guards, was a natural son of the Duke of ----. He lost a thousand
guineas to a Shark, which he could not pay. Being questioned by the duke one day at dinner
as to the cause of his dejection, he reluctantly confessed the fact. 'Sir,' said his Grace,
'you do not owe a farthing to the blackguard. My steward settled with him this morning for
TEN guineas, and he was glad to take them, only saying--"I was damned far North, and it was
well it was no worse."'

WROTHESLY, DUKE OF BEDFORD.

Wrothesly, Duke of Bedford, was the subject of a conspiracy at Bath, formed by several first-rate
sharpers, among whom were the manager of a theatre, and Beau Nash, master of the ceremonies.
After being plundered of above L70,000 at Hazard, his Grace rose in a passion, put the dice
in his pocket, and intimated his resolution to inspect them. He then retired into another room,
and, flinging himself upon a sofa, fell asleep.

The winners, to escape disgrace, and obtain their money, cast lots who should pick his pockets
of the loaded dice, and introduce fair ones in their place. The lot fell on the manager of
the theatre, who performed his part without discovery. The duke inspected the dice when he
awoke, and finding them correct, renewed his party, and lost L30,000 more.

The conspirators had received L5000, but disagreed on its division, and Beau Nash, thinking
himself ill-used, divulged the fact to his Grace, who saved thereby the remainder of the money.
He made Nash a handsome present, and ever after gave him his countenance, supposing that the
secret had been divulged through pure friendship.

THE DUKE OF NORFOLK.

A similar anecdote is told of another gamester. 'The late Duke of Norfolk,' says the author
of 'Rouge et Noir,' writing in 1823, 'in one evening lost the sum of L70,000 in a gaming house
on the right side of St James's Street: suspecting foul play, he put the dice in his pocket,
and, as was his custom when up late, took a bed in the house. The blacklegs were all dismayed,
till one of the worthies, who is believed to have been a principal in poisoning the horses
at Newmarket, for which Dan Dawson was hanged, offered for L5000 to go to the duke's room with
a brace of pistols and a pair of dice, and, if the duke was awake, to shoot him, if asleep
to change the dice! Fortunately for the gang, the duke "snored," as the agent stated, "like
a pig;" the dice were changed. His Grace had them broken in the morning, when, finding them
good, he paid the money, and left off gambling.'(141)

(141) Rouge et Noir; the Academicians of 1823.

GENERAL OGLE: A BOLD STROKE.

A few weeks before General Ogle was to sail for India, he constantly attended Paine's, in Charles
Street, St James's Square. One evening there were before him two wooden bowls full of gold,
which held L1500 guineas each, and L4000 in rouleaus, which he had won.

When the box came to him, he shook the dice and with great coolness and pleasantry said--'Come,
I'll either win or lose seven thousand upon this hand. Will any gentleman set on the whole?
SEVEN is the main.' Then rattling the dice once more, cast the box from him and quitted it,
the dice remaining uncovered.

Although the General did not think this too large a sum for one man to risk at a single throw,
the rest of the gentlemen did, and for some time the bold gamester remained unset.

He then said--'Well, gentlemen, will you make it up amongst you?'

One set him 500 guineas, another 500.
