"That's the way it should be; nobody should be betting on me," said Larry, "and I can't get a drag off this damn smoke!"

"I'd be fine admitting defeat," Barty continued, "if it could be believed that the church Ministers were being honest by us. Father Hogan and Father Sweeney stuck up for us, and Father Greer was definitely on your side from the beginning; but the Lord only knows what ideas they've all come up with since then. I have my doubts about them --" He gazed sadly at Larry with big brown puppy dog eyes. "And I'm certain they have no faith in you!"

"Well they'd be right about that," said Larry, "proves they have a brain in their heads! Father Greer and the rest of the Clergy call guys like you and I, phony Catholics who are damned to hell, and I'm sure they say that about us!" He stood up out of the broken down old chair that rocked back with a sad creaking sound. He reached his arms up in a long stretch and opened his mouth in a yawn that grew in volume until it became a wail. "Oh Dark Rosaleen, black haired beauty! - or Kathleen-ni-Houlihan - or whatever you like to be called - you have no idea how I worship you! I'm absolutely a one-pointed patriotic Irishman, but you doubt me, and so does everyone else other than this old Barty numskull! Barry, my good lad, I'm going to turn in! I'm exhausted! Let me sleep until you hear what has developed -" His mouth fell open in a second yawn, and sang out a mournful tune.

"Oh shut up that Godforsaken yowling, and get out of here!" Barty was on his last nerve. "I've just about had it."

As it happened, the day following the election coincided with the Broadwater Vale Hounds first Meet of the season; and the event was located at Cluhir Bridge. Larry was just sopping up the last of his poached eggs on toast at Hallinan's Hotel, when the music of the hunt that so delighted him could be heard in the near distance. He heard the whips snapping like gunshots, the clicking of horses' hooves, the ringing of the silver bits on the horses' gear, and the soft patter of the hunting dogs' paws as they trotted through the wet mud. He could also hear the barking and baying of the city mongrels, and the heavy running footfalls and cries from the boys who came out of the town and chased after the hunt along the narrow Cluhir streets. Larry strode to the window and pushed it open, only to find himself looking into the face of Georgy Talbot-Lowry, who was sitting astride Bill Kirby's horse.

Larry was too excited by the sight of the hunt and the hounds, to remember his vow to never again speak to any members of the Talbot-Lowry clan.

"Hey Georgy!" he bellowed, "When did you get home?"

Georgy glanced toward Larry, then averted his eyes and stared at the top of his horse's head. He rode on in silence. Larry might have thought Georgy hadn't seen or heard him, except for the fact that Georgy's face had turned the same crimson red as his hunting jacket.

Enraged, Larry slammed the window shut, and stood quivering. He didn't think he could put into words the way he felt and thought, and why even try? Dark Rosaleen was constantly creating divisions between men who seemed to share unbreakable bonds, such as Larry and this boy, his cousin Georgy. Brothers went to battle with each other over her at her bidding, to the tune of the lilting, changing melodies that came from her harp. No matter if a man were royalty or a commoner, she brought her sons together in the name of Christianity, and urged them to turn on each other in hatred, in the name of their devotion and love for God. This annoyance was just a bit of nonsense one might want to overlook, except it involved the paving of a rough wild road which, as commonly found in these passages, had been originally built using an elephant guided by an exotic handler.

It was six o'clock on a dark rainy evening when the information came to Cluhir. The votes had been tallied in another place, so the news was sent by wire. Barty and Larry, and opposition "Commy-tees" members, had waited all day, alternating between the post office, their places of work, and local pubs. They had put away a lot of liquor in the waiting, and had put together a betting pool. Larry had stated aloud his detachment from the outcome so often that his real feelings had become transparent to everyone around him. The long boring hours of that dismal, soggy afternoon, left him believing that a win in this enterprise was the only thing left of value for him. He longed for a secret victory over the religious sect who were secretly against him, and to be able to thumb his nose, publicly, at Georgy Talbot-Lowry's impertinence, and all the disdain and aggression suggested by his cousin's behavior.
