
"Quite right too; I'm a rotten proposition," said Larry, "and this dam' cigarette won't draw!"

"I could stand getting licked," went on Barty, too preoccupied to consider the plaints of his
principal, "if I thought the Clergy had played fair. Father Hogan and Father Sweeney stood
to us well, and I know Father Greer was for you at the first go-off; but God knows what way
he and the rest o' them went, after. I wouldn't trust them--" His dark and mournful eyes rested
dejectedly upon Larry. "And what's more, they don't trust you!"

"They're perfectly right," said Larry; "shows their sense! You and I are what Father Greer
and the rest of them would consider rotten bad Catholics, and I believe they know it!" He got
up from the limping old rocking-chair and stretched himself, with a yawn that prolonged itself
into a howl. "Oh Dark Rosaleen!--or Kathleen-ni-Houlihan--or anything else you like to call
yourself--if you only knew how really and sincerely devoted I am to you! I believe I'm a perfectly
single-minded Irish patriot, and ye you won't believe in me, and no more will any one else
except this bloody old fool of a Barty here! Barry my hearty, I'm going to bed! I'm done! Don't
wake me till the news comes in--" He gave vent to another heart-broken yawn.

"Well, for God's sake stop howling like a banshee, and go!" replied the hard-pressed Barty,
"I'm about done myself!"

The opening Meet of the Broadwater Vale Hounds chanced to take place at Cluhir Bridge, on the
day after the election. Larry, finishing a late breakfast at Hallinan's Hotel, heard the beloved
sounds of the hunt, the pistol-cracks of the whips, the clatter of horse-hoofs, the jingle
of bits, and the steady paddling of hounds' feet in the muddy street. Joined with these was
the clamour of the town curs and the thunder of the following rush of town boys along Cluhir's
narrow pavements. Larry ran to the window, and opening it, found himself practically face to
face with young Georgy Talbot-Lowry, riding a horse of Bill Kirby's.

The sight of the hounds drove from his mind the resolve to have no dealings more with the house
of Talbot-Lowry.

"Hullo, Georgy!" he shouted: "I didn't know you were home--"

Georgy gave a quick look at the window, and directed his gaze between his horse's ears; save
that his face had turned as red as his coat, there was nothing, as he jogged on, to indicate
that he had either seen or heard.

Larry banged down the window, in a state of conflagration, every strained nerve vibrating.
What need to attempt to recount what he said or thought? Dark Rosaleen has made trouble often
enough between nearer and dearer than Larry and his young cousin. She will send brothers to
fight each other to the changing music of her harp, crowned and uncrowned; she will gather
her sons under the sign of the Cross, and encourage them to hate one another for the love of
God. This was only a trivial bit of mischief hardly worthy of our attention, were it not that
it had its share in the macadamising of that jungle road in which, as is frequent in such routes,
the preliminary labour had been undertaken by an elephant, under the direction of a skilful mahout.

It was dark when the news came to Cluhir, six o'clock of a wet night. The counting of the votes
had taken place elsewhere, and the word was to come by wire. Barty and Larry, with others of
the rival "Commy-tees," had hung about between the post-office, and their respective offices,
and houses of call, all day. Many drinks had been drunk, many bets been laid; before the news
came through, Larry's proclaimed indifference as to the result had worn so thin as to be imperceptible.
It seemed to him, during the tedious hours of that dark and wet afternoon, that success in
this enterprise was the only thing left in life worth having. To triumph, secretly, over that
secret clerical opposition, to snap his fingers, openly, at Georgy Talbot-Lowry's impudence
and all that it implied of hostility and contempt.
