The animated street gives an invisible presence that dances before you as you walk.  The presence is the spirit of San Franciso.

At Lotta's Fountain, street singer Tetrazzini and wandering minstrel Jan Kubelik enchant crowds under the starlight of Christmas Eve.

San Francisco has captured the hears of meny people, the likes of those ranging from Dana to Stevenson and Harte to Mencken.  Rudyard Kipling wrote "San Francisco has only one drawback."  The drawback he talks about?  "Tis hard to leave."

San Francisco is like a Western darling whose eyes gleam with exotic ancestry.  As a baby it was a sleepy Spanish peublo.  As a child it was gold mines and it was fed the excitment of those gold-spangled days.

It boasts a paradox of being truly American but still cosmopolitan, the most so of any community in North America.  It is American, but bristles with the tongues of many cultures.

It is the far western outpost of Aryan civilization and is the stage for a festival of life.  It is a meeting place of nations and culture.

Inez Haynes Irwin issues a warning for strangers in San Franciso.

The booklet means to keep the curtain up.

It means to stay inside the gate.

A map shows a peninsular jutting out from the California coast like a boot if you turn it so that the Pacific Ocean is near you.

San Francisco is the toe of the boot, stratching six or seven miles.  It is hills flanked by the Pacific on the west side and the Bay on the north and east.  The only gap in the coastal mountains is the bat that the Golden Gate Bridge spans.

Few cities have been told to match the natural beauty of San Francisco.  Constantinople and Rio de Janeiro are the only two maritime cities to be labeled such.  The bay's basin is an amphitheatre surrounded by peaks and ridges, it's basin fed by the Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers flowing from the central garden valley.

Yerva Buena, Alcatraz and Angel islands dot the bay spreading out below San Francisco.  Across the bay is Oakland, Berkely and Alameda and in the distance are the Tamalpais and Mr Diablo, breaking the skyline like a curtain.

Skyscrapers and other buildings take on a fantastical appearance as they accent the horizons of the city.  Many visitors arrive at the Ferry Building where the gala tower shows a clock at each point of a compass.  Others arrive at the Third and Townsend St railroad station or some  come by sea, through the Golden Gate and arrive at the piers of the waterfront.

Market Street moves diagonally from the Ferry Building to the Twin Peaks, the mountain that has tunnels allowing rapid transit to residential areas.

Twin Peaks is the geographical center of the city.  Those not knowing this would mistake the end of Market Street as the western boundary of the city.

Market Street radiates outwards to most all of the city's important arteries.  At night it takes on a surreal appearance when the electroliers made by D'Arcy Ryan like up the stretch.  It becomes a dazzling sight, everything dancing in the motion of crowds, taxis, cars and others.

The heart of downtown San Franciso is a junction formed by Market, Kearny, Geary and Third Streets.  It is the newspaper center and is enveloped by hotels large and small, shops, restaurants and flower stalls along the sidewalk.
