Rocked like a sleepy pueblo Spanish, raised as a child of mine, and fed all day exhilarants of gold-Spangled of the Argonauts, San Francisco is a fiery beauty with eyes of a Western exotic ancestry.

Fraught with contradictions, the city presents the paradox of being the most intensely American community and the more cosmopolitan of the continent, with issues such as variable as the mixture of alien languages heard in its streets.

A celebration of life takes place in this meeting place of nations, as far outpost of Aryan civilization in its march westward.

Inez Haynes Irwin in his Californiacs sounds an alarm to the stranger in San Francisco.

This brochure is intended to keep the curtain up.

Inside the Gate

If you turn a map that shows the basin of San Francisco Bay to the Pacific Ocean that is nearest the eye, you see a peninsula thrust out from the coast of California to a great start.

San Francisco extends to six or seven miles through the toe of Italy. Dominated by hills, the city is bordered by the Pacific to the west from the Gulf to the north and east. To the northwest, combining ocean and the bay, is the Golden Gate, the only gap in the coastal mountains.

Constantinople and Rio de Janeiro have been named the maritime cities only that the approach of the natural beauty of the situation in San Francisco. The dock of the bay, where the Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers pay after watering the garden was central valley, is an amphitheater framed by mountains and ridges.

The bay extends below San Francisco as a poster animated typed in the blue and silver, with Yerba Buena, Alcatraz and Angel Islands colored details in the foreground. Through the water glistening shingle roofs are Oakland, Berkeley and Alameda crystal sun, and in the distance and Mount Tamalpais. Diablo bulk against a blue curtain.

Suavities accent to outline the horizons of San Francisco, where the skyscrapers take on fantasy where they accumulate in the hills and valleys pass. Most visitors cross the bay and reach the city through the Ferry Building, the tower gala that has a clock at every point of the compass. Travellers arriving in at the Third and Townsend streets to the train station, or, if they come by sea through the Golden Gate, near the docks along the coast.

market street stretches diagonally across the peninsula from the ferry terminal for the base of Twin Peaks, the mountain town that was the tunnel to get to parks rapid transit permit.

Twin Peaks is virtually the geographic center of San Francisco. With this in mind, visitors will avoid the mistake of thinking that the end of the street market is the western border of the city.

Market radiate away from the sweep of virtually all the city's major arteries. One way to bright day, 100 meters wide, the street market takes a sorcery of his own at night when the lamps designed by D'Arcy Ryan, magician light of the Panama-Pacific Exposition, flood with splendor. way the market is the most brilliant of the avenues, every aspect of the move - the crowds, taxis, cars and color display advertising.

The junction formed by Market, Kearny, Geary and Third streets is the heart of downtown San Francisco. E 'center newspaper, and nearby hotels are large and small shops, restaurants and sidewalk flower stalls.
