An invisible presence dances before your footsteps as you sense the animation
of the street. It is the spirit of San Francisco, weaving its debonair spell.

Here Tetrazzini turns street singer and Jan Kubelik is a wandering minstrel enchanting crowds
at Lotta's Fountain under Christmas eve stars.

From Dana to Stevenson, from Harte to Mencken, San Francisco has captured the hearts of a train
of illustrious admirers. Rudyard Kipling, master of the terse, has tooled a brisk drypoint
of the city in a few strokes. "San Francisco has only one drawback," he writes. "'Tis hard
to leave."

Cradled as a drowsy Spanish pueblo, reared as a child of the mines, and fed on all the exhilarants
of the gold-spangled days of the Argonauts, San Francisco is like a dashing Western beauty
with the eyes of an exotic ancestry.

Bristling with contradictions, the city presents the paradox of being the most intensely American
and yet the most cosmopolitan community on the continent, with aspects as variable as the medley
of alien tongues heard on its streets.

A festival of life is staged at this meeting place of the nations, farthest outpost of Aryan
civilization in its westward march.

Inez Haynes Irwin in her Californiacs sounds a warning for the stranger in San Francisco.

This booklet aims to keep the curtain up.

Inside the Gate

If you turn a map showing the basin of San Francisco Bay so that the Pacific Ocean is nearest
your eye, you see a peninsula thrust out from the California coast like a great boot.

San Francisco stretches for six or seven miles across the toe of the boot. Dominated by hills,
the city is flanked by the Pacific on the west and by the Bay on the north and east. To the
northwest, joining ocean and bay, is the Golden Gate, the only gap in the coastal mountains.

Constantinople and Rio de Janeiro have been called the only maritime cities that approach the
natural beauty of situation of San Francisco. The basin of the Bay, into which the Sacramento
and San Joaquin rivers pour after watering the central garden valley of the state, is an amphitheatre
rimmed with peaks and ridges.

The Bay spreads out below San Francisco like an animated poster keyed in blue and silver, with
Yerba Buena, Alcatraz and Angel islands tinted details in the foreground. Across the gleaming
water the roofs of Oakland, Berkeley and Alameda are shingled with sun crystals, and in the
distance Tamalpais and Mt. Diablo bulk against a curtain of azure.

Suavities of outline accent the horizons of San Francisco, where the skyscrapers take on fantasy
as they pile up on hills and recede into vales. Most visitors cross the Bay and arrive at the
city by way of the Ferry Building, the gala tower of which has a clock at each point of the
compass. Travelers also arrive at the Third and Townsend street railroad station, or, if they
come by sea through the Golden Gate, at the piers along the waterfront.

Market street stretches diagonally across the peninsula from the Ferry Building to the base
of Twin Peaks, the urban mountain which has been tunneled to get rapid transit to residence parks.

Twin Peaks is practically the geographical center of San Francisco. By keeping this in mind
visitors will avoid the mistake of thinking that the end of Market street is the western boundary
of the city.

From the sweep of Market street radiate practically all of the city's important arteries. A
resplendent thoroughfare by day, 100 feet wide, Market street takes on a sorcery all its own
at night, when the electroliers designed by D'Arcy Ryan, light wizard of the Panama-Pacific
Exposition, flood it with radiance. Market street is then the most dazzling of boulevards,
every aspect of it in motion--crowds, taxis, cars and the colors of advertising displays.

The junction formed by Market, Kearny, Geary and Third streets is the heart of downtown San
Francisco. It is the newspaper center, and close by are big and little hotels, shops, restaurants
and sidewalk flower stalls.
