In the middle of the River of reflection that rushed upon me, was prominent image of the poor Pendlam's unexplained symbol:' Avoid old beaches of Spain."If there had now been given its interpretation? They threw Voyager, do not make the continent of truth, but to me this way and that among the reefs and breakers of the dangerous coasts, many islands are mistaken for the most important, and drifting in unknown seas, was at last headed straight for the old Catholic beaches, from which the great explorers had sailed so many years earlier.

British India.

The year 1757 was one of the bleakest ever known in England. At home, the government was in a state of complete confusion, although the country was at war with France, and France in alliance with Austria, and these two nations have departed from its policy for two centuries and a half, so that they can crush Frederic of Prussia, England's allies. Frederic was defeated in Kolin, the Austrians, on June 18, and a Russian army was in occupation of East Prussia. A German army in the British pay for a night of 'Butcher' hero of Culloden, was struck in July, and surrendered in September. In America, the pusillanimity of the English masters led to terrible disasters, including the loss of Fort William Henry, and the massacre of its garrison was eye-catching events. In India the English were engaged in a doubtful contest with the viceroy of Bengal, which was supported by the French. Although the fleet of England appeared at that time have lost their sense of superiority, not only Admiral Byng had been shot at for not acting with the right spirit, but a combined expedition against the French coast, which ended in error signal, and Admiral Holburne declined to attack a French fleet outside Louisburg. Such a succession of disasters could well dissuade a people, some of whom could remember the long list of victories that began with Blenheim and ended with Malplaquet, and by the arrogance of the Grand Monarque had been punished.

But it is from this year by accident that the power of modern England must take their dates. In the summer of 1757 formed the ministry managed to carry England's power and glory to the heights that they did not succeed even under the protectorate of Cromwell or rule Godolphin. Then began the action ended with the expulsion of the French from North America and returned to England in an area here that can perpetuate its institutions for ages after they shall have ceased to be known in the mother country. At that time, America conquered in Germany, and not only was Frederic so helpful to be able to fight successfully against the three great houses of Bourbon, Habsburg, and Romanoff and a horde of lesser dynasties, but the British armies, at Minden and Creveldt, renewed in the field Continent of memories of a great island and the island of courage. Then it was a new spirit breathed into the British marine, through which it has since been animated, and has rarely stopped to count the odds. Then began to rush the companies that made almost all of England who was assailable, from Gorée to Cuba and from Cuba to the Philippines.
