But last week I received a bundle of Roman
Catholic publications, one of which contained an article proclaiming a miraculous conversion
of the distinguished reformer, and thereby greatly glorifying Catholicism.

The same mail brought me a letter from the convert.

"At last," he wrote, "I have found peace in the bosom of the Holy Catholic Church. All my previous
experiences were necessary to lead me where I am. This is the divine association I was so long
seeking elsewhere in vain; I find in its forms the true symbols of a universal religion; and
I now perceive that the seeming errors, in which I was for a time permitted to stray, were
wisely designed to convince me of the sublime truth, that celibacy is the single condition
befitting a holy apostolic teacher."

Amid the flood of reflections that rushed upon me, arose prominent the image of poor Pendlam's
unexplained symbol: "Avoid the shores of old Spain." Had it not now received its interpretation?
The tossed voyager, failing to make the continent of truth, but beating hither and thither
amid the reefs and breakers of dangerous coasts, mistaking many islands for the main, and drifting
on unknown seas, had at last steered straight to the old Catholic shores, from which the great
discoverers had sailed so many years before.

BRITISH INDIA.

The year 1757 was one of the gloomiest ever known to England. At home, the government was in
a state of utter confusion, though the country was at war with France, and France was in alliance
with Austria; these two nations having departed from their policy of two centuries and a half,
in order that they might crush Frederic of Prussia, England's ally. Frederic was defeated at
Kolin, by the Austrians, on the 18th of June, and a Russian army was in possession of East
Prussia. A German army in British pay, and commanded by the "Butcher" hero of Culloden, was
beaten in July, and capitulated in September. In America, the pusillanimity of the English
commanders led to terrible disasters, among which the loss of Fort William Henry, and the massacre
of its garrison, were conspicuous events. In India, the English were engaged in a doubtful
contest with the viceroy of Bengal, who was supported by the French. Even the navy of England
appeared at that time to have lost its sense of superiority; for not only had Admiral Byng
just been shot for not behaving with proper spirit, but a combined expedition against the coast
of France ended in signal failure, and Admiral Holburne declined to attack a French fleet off
Louisburg. Such a succession of disasters might well discourage a people, some of whom could
recollect the long list of victories which commenced with Blenheim and closed with Malplaquet,
and by which the arrogance of the Grand Monarque had been punished.

Yet it is from this very year of misfortune that the power of modern England must take its
date. In the summer of 1757 was formed that ministry which succeeded in carrying England's
power and glory to heights which they did not reach even under the Protectorship of Cromwell
or the rule of Godolphin. Then were commenced those measures which ended in the expulsion of
the French from North America, and gave to England a territory here which may perpetuate her
institutions for ages after they shall have ceased to be known in the mother-land. Then was
America conquered in Germany, and not only was Frederic so assisted as to be able to contend
successfully against the three great houses of Bourbon, Habsburg, and Romanoff, and a horde
of lesser dynasties, but British armies, at Minden and Creveldt, renewed on the fields of the
continent recollections of the island skill and the island courage. Then was a new spirit breathed
into the British marine, by which it has ever since been animated, and which has seldom stopped
to count odds. Then began that dashing course of enterprise which gave almost everything to
England that was assailable, from Goree to Cuba, and from Cuba to the Philippines.
