
"She would not have them, Monsieur; you see, she was devoted to her husband in spite of all,
this poor Madame, and he had quarrelled with her relations, I believe; at any rate, she would
not send for them. 'Adolphe will come,' she would always say, 'and it would vex him to find
anyone here,' and so she died alone, for he never arrived till the next morning. However,"
continues Madame, "it was not of that I came to speak now, it was to know if Monsieur would
not wish to have a nurse to-night to attend the poor gentleman? It is what we must have had
if you had not been here, and there is no reason why you should knock yourself up with nursing
him."

"It certainly might be better," said Graham considering, "I had thought of it, but--however,
you are quite right, Madame, a nurse we will have; where can I get one?"

Madame said he had better apply to the Soeurs de Charité, and gave him an address, adding that
if he would like to go himself she could spare half an hour to sit with Monsieur there.

"I will go at once," replied Graham, "whilst he is sleeping; he is not likely to rouse again
just a present; don't let him talk or move if he should awake, but it is not probable that
he will."

So it was arranged, and Madame Lavaux established herself with her knitting in the dim, silent
room, whilst Graham departed on his errand, satisfied that his patient was in safe hands. Not
ten minutes had elapsed, however, when a knock came at the door of the sick-room, and a summons--could
Madame come at once? Madame cast a look at her charge; he was perfectly still and quiet, sleeping
profoundly apparently; there could be no harm in leaving him for a moment. She went, intending
to return immediately; but, alas! for human intentions, downstairs she found a commotion that
drove M. Linders, M. le Docteur, and everything else out of her head for the time being. Madame
la Comtesse au premier had lost her diamond ring--her ring, worth six thousand francs, an heirloom,
an inestimable treasure; lost it? it had been stolen--she knew it, felt convinced of it; she
had left it for five minutes on her dressing-table whilst she went to speak to some dressmaker
or milliner, and on her return it had vanished. Unpardonable carelessness on her part, she
admitted, but that did not alter the fact; it had been stolen, and must be found; house, servants,
visitors, luggage, all must be searched and ransacked. Where were the gendarmes? let all these
people be taken into custody at once, pointing to the group of startled, wondering, servants,--let
everyone be taken into custody. Madame Lavaux had enough to do and to think of for the next
hour, we may be sure, and though, at the end of that time, Madame la Comtesse found the ring
safe in the corner of her pocket, whither it had slipped off her finger, and the disturbance
was at an end, not so were the consequences of that disturbance.

For in the meantime a very different scene was being acted out upstairs.

CHAPTER III.

Madam's Vigil.

Five minutes after Madame Lavaux had left the room, Madelon, just awakened from her sound sleep,
came creeping gently in. It was almost dark by this time, for it was late in the afternoon,
and the Venetian shutters were still closed that had kept out the heat and glare all day; but
now she threw them back, and let in the tepid evening breeze, and the faded light of the dying
day; carriages and carts were rattling in the street below, shrill voices came from the opposite
houses where lights were appearing here and there; high up in the serene grey-blue sky a few
reddened clouds had caught the last gleams of the setting sun.

"Madelon," said M. Linders, roused by the noise she had made in opening the shutters.

A sudden throb of joy came over her as she heard his voice again, and she went swiftly and
stood by his bedside.

"Are you better, papa?" she said, putting her two little cool hands into one of his, hot with
fever.

"We are alone, are we not?" he answered, looking feebly around.
