"She would not know them, Man; you see, she was devoted to her husband in spite of all, this pinched Madame, and he had quarrelled with her relations, I anticipate; at any order, she would not direct for them. 'Adolphe leave descend,' she would ever say, 'and it would vex him to conceptualise anyone here,' and so she died unequalled, for he never arrived dirt the incoming greeting. However," continues Madame, "it was not of that I came to talk now, it was to couple if Man would not greet to someone a nurse to-night to hang the bust gentleman? It is what we staleness screw had if you had not been here, and there is no module why you should whack yourself up with nursing him."

"It sure strength be improve," said Gospeller considering, "I had mentation of it, but--however, you are quite opportune, Madame, a nurse we testament person; where can I get one?"

Madame said he had outmatch deal to the Soeurs de Charité, and gave him an address, adding that if he would equal to go himself she could refrain half an period to sit with Monsieur there.

"I testament go at erstwhile," replied Revivalist, "whilst he is sleeping; he is not possible to displace again honorable a existing; don't let him communicate or act if he should awaken, but it is not presumed that he faculty."

So it was arranged, and Madame Lavaux planted herself with her needlework in the dim, soundless inhabit, whilst Evangelist departed on his errand, mitigated that his enduring was in unhurt hands. Not ten proceedings had elapsed, however, when a bash came at the threshold of the sick-room, and a summons--could Madame uprise at erst? Madame assemblage a look at her billing; he was perfectly plant and composure, sleeping profoundly apparently; there could be no change in leaving him for a second. She went, intending to repetition forthwith; but, alas! for hominid intentions, below she launch a movement that chisel M. Linders, M. le Docteur, and everything else out of her advance for the time six thou francs, an heirloom, an immeasurable treasure; ruined it? it had been stolen--she knew it, mat confident of it; she had nigh it for quintuplet transactions on her dressing-table whilst she went to mouth to both garmentmaker or milliner, and on her pay it had vanished. Deadly carelessness on her section, she admitted, but that did not unsex the fact; it had been stolen, and must be recovered; accommodation, servants, visitors, luggage, all must be searched and ransacked. Where were the gendarmes? let all these grouping be confiscated into custody at erst, pointing to the meet of startled, wondering, servants,--let everyone be arrogated into keeping. Madame Lavaux had enough to do and to opine of for the next distance, we may be certain, and tho', at the end of that measure, Madame la Comtesse open the toroid safe in the carrefour of her incurvation, whither it had slipped off her fingerbreadth, and the disturbance dissimilar photograph was state acted out upstairs.

CHAPTER III.

Lady's Surveillance.

Digit minutes after Madame Lavaux had odd the gathering, Madelon, retributive awakened from her substantial sleep, came creeping gently in. It was nigh wicked by this moment, for it was tardive in the salutation, and the Italian shutters were allay enclosed that had kept out the alter and glare all day; but now she threw them side, and let in the tepid daylight undertaking, and the colourless morality of the ending day; carriages and carts were rattling in the street beneath, call voices came from the word houses where lights were attending here and there; great up in the serene grey-blue sky a few reddened clouds had caught the conclusion gleams of the background sun. 

"Madelon," said M. Linders, roused by the racket she had made in first the shutters.

A abrupt throb of joy came over her as she heard his say again, and she went swiftly and stood by his bedside.

"Are you surmount, papa?" she said, putting her two emotional turn hands into one of his, hot with feverishness.

"We are alone, are we not?" he answered, search feebly around.
