"She did not have them, sir, you see, was devoted to her husband despite everything, this poor woman, and had struggled with their relationships, I think, in any case would not send for them." Adolphe come, "he always said," and would be angry to find anyone here, "and so he died alone, because it never became the next morning. However," continued the lady, not that I came to talk now, it was unless the Lord had a night nurse to help the poor gentleman? "Is that what should have been if you had not been here and no reason why you should call the nurse picked him up." 

"It certainly could be better," said Graham recital: "I had thought about it, but - however, you are right, madam, a nurse, where I can get one?" 

The woman said she had a better implementation of the Soeurs de la Charite, and gave an address, adding that if he could spare me half an hour to sit with the Lord there. 

"I will go at once," said Graham, "while he is sleeping, it is not likely to wake up again just a present, do not let him talk or move when awake, but is unlikely to do so." 

This was agreed, and Ms. Lavaux settled with her deep tissue, a quiet room, while Graham continued his mission, certain that his patient was in good hands. Not ten minutes had passed, however, when there came a knock on the door of the sickroom, and a citation - Madame could come at a time? The lady looked at his office, was perfectly still and silent, apparently asleep, can not be anything wrong with what he left for a moment. He went with the intention of returning immediately, but, alas! of human intentions, he found the stairs leading to a scandal M. Linders, M. Le Docteur, and the rest of the head, for the moment. Au Premier countess had lost her diamond ring - the ring, worth six thousand francs, a relic, a priceless treasure lost it? had been stolen - she knew, she was convinced that she had left it for five minutes in her boudoir while she went to talk with some seamstress or tailor, and his back was gone. inexcusable negligence on their part, he admitted, but that does not alter the fact, but it had been stolen, and must be found, at home, staff, visitors, luggage, everything has to be searched and ransacked. Where were the police? let all these people are detained at a time, pointing to the group of startled, wondering, servants, - all are taken into custody. Madame Lavaux had enough to do and think about the next hour, we can be sure, and although, at the end of the day, my wife found the ring of security on the corner of his pocket, where he had removed his finger, and the disturbance was to an end, were the consequences of this change. 

Because, meanwhile, is to be a very different scene played down the stairs. 

CHAPTER III. 

Mrs. Vigil. 

Five minutes after Lavaux lady left the room, Madelon, just awakened from a deep sleep, soft, sliding in. It was almost dark by this time, it was late and blinds were closed that had kept the heat and brightness along the day, but now they turned and left in the warm evening breeze, and the light disappeared the day of his death, cars and trucks were rattling in the street, the shrill voices came of the houses opposite , where lights were appearing here and there, high up in the serene sky blue-gray clouds had some red caught the last rays of sun. 

"Madelon," said M. Linders, awakened by the noise he had made at the opening of the shutters. 

A sudden vibration of joy came over her to hear his voice again, and went quickly and stood beside her bed. 

"Are you better, Daddy? "He said, putting his hands a little cool to hot with fever. 

"We are alone, not going to do?" He said, looking around loosely.
