It was assumed that the documents are prepared with great care and it fullfills all the requirememts  for a claim. More over It is said thatmany of the members of the royal family support this lady. He must have to remember that if this lady appeal before the princess that she is  a illegitmate daughter of the Duke of Cumberland  the generous minded princess may approve it and help her as the blood flowing in her veins is also of their own. Moreover she might have shown the papers to the members of the royal family and they might have considered it as genuine.It is easy to fabricate a paper and show  that she is illegitimate  and these papers might not be thoroughly checked but as the papers to prove her legitimacy has been submitted before the royal family and they considered it as genuine it is not possible. One thing he is not able to understand is that why it is kept as a secret till the death Duke Cumberland when there is no chance to punish him for bigamy and if the truth was discolsed at the death of George iii neither George IV nor the Duke of kent were entitled to succeed the throne.Considering all these facts they must try to decide whether the documents filed by petitioner is genuine or not. The other issues Mrs.Ryves  who is the  daughter of Mr.and Mrs. Serres, and the young petitioner W.H. Ryves son of Mr.and Mrs.Ryves are legitimate.They found this for the petitioner.
    The judges ordered to take the documents produced  by the petitioner in legal custody.
       It may be noted that If Mrs. Ryves proves that her mother was a princess of royal blood she also proves her own illegitimacy. The reason is that the alleged marriage of Duke of Cumberland took place befor the Royal Marriage Act came into existence. As the Act have been passed before the marriage of Mrs.Serres  her marriage is invalid and thus she became illegitimate, Becuase of this Mrs.Ryves asked a declaration of her legitimacy for this she sacrificed her pretensions to royal descent.
    WILLIAM GEORGE HOWARD-THE PRETENDED EARLOF WICKLOW
William the fourth of Earl of Wicklow died on the 22nd of March1869 without a male issue. The brother of him RevFrancis Howard who died during the late Earl's lifetime was blessed with a male issue in his second marriage  and he claimed the peerage at his uncle's death. But a rival appeared who is an infant and his guardians claimed him as  the issue of William George Howard, the eldest son of the Hon.Rev.Francis Howard by his first marriage and who died before. There is no doubt about birth of the former claimant and it was also admitted that the eldest half-brother have been married  as stated. But regardubg the birth ofthe infant there is doubts and it is left before the House of Lords to make decision.
