The reason for adopting such an unacceptable kiva roof can very much be attributable to the distinct state of affairs prevailing here in comparison to the dwellings.  
The underground kiva of the shumopavi group as explained above is completely out of the ordinary as it is seen materializing a little away from the mesa ring. It is very likely that such rare occurrences are locatable within the natural cracks, fissures and crevices of the sandstone, or in places where one could spot out an unexpected convenience to enable digging to the planned depth. Most significant find of this sort of the occurrence of such inner kiva within the favorable rock fissures has been recounted while describing the land plan of Walpi and its 
southern court-enclosed kiva.[p.65]
Masonry—In comparison to the dwelling houses the outer work of masonry of these chambers appears in almost all cases of a rather rougher construction. This phenomena is discernible especially in the kivas of Walpi on the mesa edge, but is observed even in some of the Zuni examples. In the Zuni example, beside the churchyard the kivas of house no.1 are seen with small gaps in the wall that are rather crudely framed, the wall of stone looking extremely rough in its finish and the opening provided being of stone slabs in the wall. It is rather clear from this observation that there have been no efforts to smoothen or give a better finish to the wall by coating it with the usual adobe mud. 
In Tusayan as well some of the kiva walls have presumably been built with the immediately available material before them, the material seen heaped up nearly dry and it can also be noted that the joints in the walls have been left high and dry without any attempt at chinking the joints which may have brought about a better finish to the dwelling-house masonry. The kivas have the interiors well plastered for a smooth finish; however the plastering inside the kivas as afore-mentioned is seemingly carried out on a base of masonry that is incidentally subterranean fully. The usual method in Tusayan appears to be one of lining the sides of the kivas with stone masonry, irrespective of the existent cavity being suited to the completeness or fitness of the lining. It is just not possible to determine seeing the interior of a kiva as to which part of the workout is man- made and which part is the one nature has endowed with. The lining of masonry is presumably holding the plastering of adobe mud far better than the natural rock surface, but the Tusayan workers would not like to put in much effort to get this advantage in to their plan of work. The kivas had been constructed of masonry from a long time back and hence the environment of the present day may not have  been influential enough for adequate time to persuade for a change from the practice of the olden days. As may be perused later, a kiva completion is followed by a few ritualistic practices and other ceremonies that have the masonry walls as the backdrop, a further proof of the fact that the present subterranean types are of a more recent origin.
Orientation—In debating over the Tusayan subject Mr. Stephen was informed that no attention has been paid to these important points in the plan despite the walls being mentioned in terms of the direction in which they near about lie. Analyzing the village plans of the proceeding chapters have given a clear indication that the precision obtained in the locations of the kivas and the uniformity of the directions of the kivas therein cannot just be due to chance occurrence, especially with respect to rooms built on differently located sites. It is easily inferable that the intent therein has been to have the traditional chambers more or less on the north-south line despite knowing for sure that these lines do not exactly come around to the true meridian line. Mostly they are southeast while some like in Walpi specially are lying west of south direction. In Walpi out of the five kivas four lie on the southwest-northeast line which is by the by the general direction of the mesa edge, whereas the fifth one follows southeast direction.  This difference is possibly on account of the exigencies of the plot on the mesa edge and the necessity to address the construction of the kivas to the existent cavity therein. You again notice that at Hano and Sichumovi (Pls.XVI and XVIII) the discussed uniformity of direction carries the construction through , but as the plans indicate the kivas in these two villages are by far few in number.
