The justification
of such an arrangement in connection with the indefensible kiva roof lies obviously in the
different conditions here found as compared with the dwellings.

The subterranean kiva of the Shumopavi group, above illustrated, is exceptional as occurring
at some distance from the mesa rim. Probably all such exceptions to the rule are located in
natural fissures or crevices of the sandstone, or where there was some unusual facility for
the excavation of the site to the required depth. The most noteworthy example of such inner
kiva being located with reference to favorable rock fissures has been already described in
discussing the ground plan of Walpi and its southern court-inclosed kiva (p. 65).

Masonry.--The exterior masonry of these chambers seems in all cases to be of ruder construction
than that of the dwelling houses. This is particularly noticeable in the kivas of Walpi on
the mesa edge, but is apparent even in some of the Zuñi examples. One of the kivas of house
No. 1 in Zuñi, near the churchyard, has small openings in its wall that are rudely framed with
stone slabs set in a stone wall of exceptional roughness. Apparently there has never been any
attempt to smooth or reduce this wall to a finished surface with the usual coating of adobe mud.

In Tusayan also some of the kiva walls look as though they had been built of the first material
that came to hand, piled up nearly dry, and with no attempt at the chinking of joints, that
imparts some degree of finish to the dwelling-house masonry. The inside of these kivas, however,
is usually plastered smoothly, but the interior plastering is applied on a base of masonry
even in the case of the kivas that are wholly subterranean. It seems to be the Tusayan practice
to line all sides of the kivas with stone masonry, regardless of the completeness and fitness
of the natural cavity. It is impossible, therefore, to ascertain from the interior of a kiva
how much of the work of excavation is artificial and how much has been done by nature. The
lining of masonry probably holds the plastering of adobe mud much better than the naked surface
of the rock, but the Tusayan builders would hardly resort to so laborious a device to gain
this small advantage. The explanation of this apparent waste of labor lies in the fact that
kivas had been built of masonry from time immemorial, and that the changed conditions of the
present Tusayan environment have not exerted their influence for a sufficient length of time
to overcome the traditional practice. As will be seen later, the building of a kiva is accompanied
by certain rites and ceremonies based on the use of masonry walls, additional testimony of
the comparatively recent date of the present subterranean types.

Orientation.--In questioning the Tusayan on this subject Mr. Stephen was told that no attention
to the cardinal points was observed in the plan, although the walls are spoken of according
to the direction to which they most closely approximate. An examination of the village plans
of the preceding chapters, however, will show a remarkable degree of uniformity in the directions
of kivas which can scarcely be due to accident in rooms built on such widely differing sites.
The intention seems to have been to arrange these ceremonial chambers approximately on the
north and south line, though none of the examples approach the meridian very closely. Most
of them face southeast, though some, particularly in Walpi, face west of south. In Walpi four
of the five kivas are planned on a southwest and northeast line, following the general direction
of the mesa edge, while the remaining one faces southeast. The difference in this last case
may have been brought about by exigencies of the site on the mesa edge and the form of the
cavity in which the kiva was built. Again at Hano and Sichumovi (Pls. XVI and XVIII) on the
first mesa this uniformity of direction prevails, but, as the plans show, the kivas in these
two villages are few in number.
