Much cheering greets Lord SALISBURY. "That's General ROBERTS," said the Young
Lady, adding, as if rather doubting her own accuracy, "though why he wears a naval uniform
I am unable to say." It didn't matter; her Grandmother was equally pleased. "Which is Mr. GLADSTONE?"
asked the Old Lady. The Young Lady used her opera-glass. "I don't see him," she returned slowly.
"Of course he can't be in a turban. I know he has no whiskers or moustache--ah! there he is!--there,
talking to Sir EDWARD LEIGHTON!" She hadn't got even the Christian names correct. I looked
in the direction she had indicated and saw Sir WILLIAM HARCOURT in close proximity to Sir RICHARD
TEMPLE. But why should I turn and dispel the harmless illusion? Was it for me to bring discord
into a family, and cause the Granddaughter to be cut out of the Grandmother's will? Never!
So, "from information received," the Old Lady went on implicitly believing in her informant,
and treasuring up the particulars for the benefit of her other Grandchildren. "Lord ROBERTS
is somewhere here," observed the Young Lady, sweeping the horizon (so to speak, with apologies
to "the horizon") with her lorgnette. "Oh, I should like to see him!" exclaimed the Old Lady,
enthusiastically. "Where is he?" "Oh, I think--" replied the Granddaughter, hesitatingly, "I
rather--think --I've only seen him once--but--oh yes," she added, with wonderful confidence
on finding she was commanding an interested audience of simple neighbours--"Oh yes--there--in
a General's uniform,--he has just come in--and he is looking for his place,"--and, following
guidance, I, too, craned forward, and was rewarded by catching a glimpse of Mr. FREDERICK GORDON,
Chairman of the Grand Hotels Co., Limited, who was good enough to salute me with that air of
conscious power which becomes part and parcel of a man who has the command of countless battalions
in waiting. Encouraged by this incident (for I had not rounded on her and said, "that is not
Lord ROBERTS") the Young Lady urged on her mistaken career more wildly than ever. She pointed
out the wrong Princess MAY, the Duke of FIFE became H.R.H. the Duke of YORK, the TECKS were
the MECKLENBURG-STRELITZES, the Gentlemen-at-Arms were dismounted Chelsea Pensioners in Court
dress; the Chinese ladies were Japanese (for they couldn't get even these correct,--and of
course these Orientals are most correct), and finally, looking up to the gallery where the
Orchestra was, she crowned the edifice by loudly announcing that Sir ARTHUR SULLIVAN was Sir
ARTHUR BALFOUR, and added that he was only performing his official duty as Leader of the House
of Commons. "Then," asked the simple Old Lady, "are the musicians all obliged to be Members
of Parliament?" Her Granddaughter was equal to the occasion, and answered unhesitatingly, "Yes,
dear, all."

       *       *       *       *       *

       *       *       *       *       *

After this, what was the show! Everybody was somebody else. Only the QUEEN and the PRINCE were
beyond the power of error. She found them out at once. She was enthusiastic about the distinctness
of the PRINCE's voice in reading the Address, and she bent forward so as not to lose a syllable
of the QUEEN's gracious reply. She explained everything wrong. A few ladies looked at her,
mutely beseeching some respite for their ears; would she only give herself ten minutes' rest?
No--it was a great chance for the well-informed young woman, and she made the most of it. Even
the heat didn't affect her. Processions might come, and processions might go, but like the
babbling brook, she could and would "go on for ever." I have forgotten to add that she also
knew how everyone arrived, and her Grandmother was much interested at hearing how Her Majesty's
Judges all came in an omnibus, driven and conducted by eminent judicial functionaries.

A grand show, "Abely worked by our Secretary," says Sir Early-Springs-and-SOMERS VINE, C.M.G.,
Assistant Secretary, and to both of them great praise is due.
