Lord Salisbury was greeted with much cheering.  The young lady showed General Roberts and adds that she didn’t know why he was in a naval uniform as if she was in doubt about her own precision, which did not stop the Grandmother becoming equally delighted.  When she wanted to know which one is Mr. Gladstone, the young lady replied that she did not see him, while still searching the procession with her opera glass.  “I know he won’t be in a turban, had no moustache or whiskers” She exclaimed that she could see him talking to Sir Edward Leighton.  But when I turned to check it was not him but it was Sir William Harcourt, near Sir Richard temple.  But I did not want to spoil the undisruptive fantasy created and also not to make the granddaughter to be left out from her grandmother’s will.  I wouldn’t do that.  

The old lady believed her informant and continued gathering the information for her other grandchildren.  Searching the horizon with her opera glass, which she didn’t do properly the young lady observed the presence of Lord Roberts somewhere in the parade.   Hearing this old lady wanted to see him.  

Exited by the thought that she is getting the attention of simple neighbors, she said she could see him in a general’s uniform and having come in just then is searching for a place.  But when I stretched my neck forward I could see it was Mr. Frederick Gordon, Chairman of the Grand Hotels Co., Limited, who saluted me commandingly since he was in charge of countless battalions to come.  Since he waved a salute at me, I was motivated to tell the young lady that she had mistaken Lord Roberts for someone else.  But she continued to name the personnel who came it wrongly as Princess May, the duke of FIFE as H.R.H the Duke of York, and Tecks as Mechlenburgh-sterlitzes , the Gentlemen-at-Arms were Chelsea Pensioners; Chinese ladies became Japanese and lastly at the gallery she topped her job by loudly announcing that Sir Arthur Sullivan was Sir Arthur Balfour, who is performing his duty as leader of the house of commons.  When the old lady asked if all musicians are obliged to be Members of the Parliament her granddaughters answer came out affirmatively without any hesitation.

What is the point of the show after all this misrepresentation, as everyone was not who he actually was.  The Queen and the Prince were lucky to escape the error.  The young lady identified them immediately.  She was enthused by the Prince’s voice when he addressed, and was all ears to hear the Queen’s chivalrous reply.  While she was wrongly explaining things some ladies wanted her to stop the non-stop explanation, at least for ten minutes.   It was the well-informed young woman’s chance and so she made full use of it, not even affected by the hot weather.  

Processions would continue and also people like her would do this continuously.  She even described how they reached the venue and her grandmother was pleased to hear when she said all the Judges of Her Majesty were driven there by an omnibus by eminent judicial functionaries.  And when sir Early Springs and Somers Vine C.M.G Assistant secretary said the show was grand and nicely worked by our secretary, a great praise is due to both of them.
