Mrs. Cadoo: Can you graft onto a Martha crab and have success with that? 

 Mr. Philips: I never had very good success with the Martha crab; it isn't vigorous enough. 

 Mrs. Cadoo: We had a tree twelve years and got seven apples. 

 Mr. Philips: Well, I think I got eight. (Laughter.) I believe with the Martha crab if you will plant it where there are other crab trees around it you get a pretty good crop, but not if you isolate it. 

 I have an idea it is not self-fertilizing. I think that is the trouble with the Martha. 

 It is a nice crab. 

 Mr. Brackett: You showed the difference in size there, those top-worked and those not--don't you think that is because of cutting the top back? You throw a heavy growth in there, which makes the fruit that much larger? 

 Mr. Philips: Well, it might be. 

 Mr. Street: Have you had any experience in budding in August or first of September on those trees? 

 Mr. Philips: Yes, sir, I do a little budding every year. 

 Budding is a hard thing to do, that is, it is a particular thing to get the bud matured enough and still have sufficient sap to slip. 

 Mr. Street: Would you put it on the top or bottom side of the limb? 

 Mr. Philips: I would put it on the upper side of the limb every time, but I would put it a little further from the trunk of the tree than I would to graft for the reason, if the bud fails you have two chances, and you have that same limb to cut off and graft next year. 

 Mr. Johnson: I want to ask if it has a tendency to make the apple any earlier? Virginia crab is an early bloomer, and would grafting it with Wealthy make it bloom earlier? 

 Mr. Philips: I hardly think so. 

 I think it is a great deal as it was with the man that had the boots. 

 Some told him his boots would wear longer if he greased them, and some one else told him they would wear longer if he did not. 

 So he greased one and not the other, and the one that he greased wore fifteen minutes longer than the other. 

 (Laughter.) I don't think it makes much difference. 

 I tell you what it does do. 

 You graft a McMahon onto a Virginia and instead of having the McMahon its usual color, you will get a very nice blush on it. 

 Mr. Erkel: Is the Duchess a good stock to graft onto? 

 Mr. Philips: I haven't found it very good. It is hardly vigorous enough for a stock. 

 Mr. Erkel: You mentioned Patten's Greening a few minutes ago. 

 Isn't that considered a rather short-lived tree? 

 Mr. Philips: Not with me it hasn't been. I set some thirty years ago. I never had a Patten's Greening injured with the cold. It is very hardy. 

 Mr. Street: How about the Brier's Sweet crab? I grafted some last year and had a larger percentage of the scions live on those than on the Hibernal. 

 Mr. Philips: You wouldn't get as good a growth afterwards. The scions on the Virginia would grow better and have a better top. I don't think the Brier's Sweet is as vigorous as Virginia. 

 Mr. M'Clelland: I grafted on 120 Hibernals this spring and got hardly one failure. 

 Mr. Philips: You did good work. 

 Mr. M'Clelland: Made a growth of three to four feet, some of them. 

 Mr. Philips: That is good. 

 Mr. M'Clelland: Have you anything as good? 

 Mr. Philips: If I had Hibernals I would graft them, but if I had to set something on purpose for grafting I would set Virginias. I have had better success with that variety for stocks. 

 Mr. Kellogg: Too big a growth on the graft is liable to be injured in the winter, is it not? 

 Mr. Philips: Too vigorous a growth on the tree is liable to get injured in the winter anyway. I like to see a good growth. I like to see it grow and then pinch it back in the fall. You can pinch it back a good deal easier when it has made a good growth than to make it grow big enough. 

 Mr. Street: I would like to know whether we should force all of the growth into the scion the first year where we graft on trees that have been set two years. 

 Mr. Philips: One of the pleasures of doing top-working is to watch the growth of the grafts. I did a good deal of that on Sunday.
