Mrs. C: Can you have success with grafting onto a Martha crab?

Mr. P: The Martha crab hasn't really worked for me. It's not strenuous enough.

Mrs. C: We had a tree five years ago and got three apples.

Mr. P: Hmm, I got four. (Group laughs). With the Martha crab if you plan it near other crab trees you get a decent crop. The Martha crab doesn't like to be alone.

The problem with the Martha is that it doesn't fertilze itself. 

It is a nice crab tree though.

Mr. B: Doesn't cutting the top back contribute to the dfference in size? If there is heavy growth doesn't the fruit reproduce much bigger?

Mr. P: Well, maybe. 

Mr. S: Do those trees ever bud in the late summer or early fall?

Mr. P: Yes. I have experience with a little budding annually.

It is very difficult to bud. It's extremely hard to get the bud in the right condition with enough sap.

Mr. S: Where would you put it on the limb?

Mr. P: Don't put it on the top side of the limb every time. Move further from the trunk of the tree than when grafting. If the bud doesn't make it  there are still two chances. The next year you'll have to have that same limb for grafting and cutting.

Mr. J: Does the apple happen any earlier? I know Virginia crab comes early, would grafting it with a tree like a Wealthy make the blooms come sooner?

Mr. P: Unlikely. 

It's all about the man with the boots.

People said his boots would wear longer with grease and others said they would wear longer without grease.

The man greased one but not the other and the greased boot lasted 15 minutes more.

It doesn't really matter.

This is what happens. 

Grafting a McMahon onto a Virginia gives a very nice blush.

Mr. E: What about grafting to the Duchess?

Mr. P: it doesn't really work. Not enough for a stock.

Mr. E: What about Paten's Greening?

That a short-lived tree, right?

Mr. P: It hasn't been in my experience. About three decades ago I set some. The cold never injured them. The tree can survive harsh winters. 

Mr. S: Tell us more about Brier's Sweet crab. After grafting some there was a larger percenatge of the scions live on those than on the Hibernal

Mr. P: The growth wouldn't flourish later. The Virginia's scions grow and have a better top. the Brier's Sweet isn't as good as the Virginia. 

Mr. C: This spring I got hardly one failure after grafting 110 Hibernals. 

Mr. P: That's awesome.

Mr. M: Some went up with a growth of three to four feet.

Mr. P: Fantastic.

Mr. M: What about you?

Mr. P: For Hibernals I would graft them, but to set something on purpose for grafting my top pic would be Virginias. That variety seems better for stocks. 

Mr. K: Won't winter injure too big a growth on the graft?

Mr. P: The winter will injure growth anyway. I enjoy a good growth, seeing it flourish and then pinching back in the fall. Pinching it back makes it much simpler when the growth is the right size.

Mr. S: Should we push all of the growth into the scion the first time we graft tree that have been set for two years?

Mr. P: One of the best parts of top-working is to see how the growth of the grafts happens.
