"It was impossible to fire a pistol at the bottom of the cavern, for although gunpowder may be exploded even in carbonic acid by the application of a heat sufficient to decompose the nitre, and consequently to envelop the mass in an atmosphere of oxygen gas, yet the mere influence of a spark from steel produces too slight an augmentation of temperature for this purpose." 

 Similar phenomena, but on a grander scale, are presented by the extinct crater in the Island of Java called "Guevo Upas," the Poison-Valley. It is a level about half a mile in circumference, surrounded by precipitous rocks. 

 From various parts of its soil carbonic acid gas is discharged in such quantities as to prove fatal to any animal venturing nigh. The ground is consequently strown with numerous skeletons. 

 This valley gave rise to the famous figment about the upas-tree, which once obtained such general belief in Europe. 

 There is another extinct crater in Java, whence are exhaled vapours equally deadly, but which exert a most peculiar effect on the dead carcasses subjected to their influence. Instead of their being, as in the Gruevo Upas, reduced to skeletons, the carcasses have all their bones dissolved by the vapours; while the flesh, skin, hair, and nails are by their action preserved from decay. 

 This remarkable crater is situated near the volcano of Talaga Bodas. 

 Of all the extinct volcanoes in the world, however, none is so remarkable as the Dead Sea. That singular collection of salt and bitter water has the level of its surface depressed 1312 feet below that of the Mediterranean--thus indicating an enormous subsidence. The Dead Sea occupies the site of what was formerly the plain of Jordan, described as having been "well-watered everywhere, as the garden of the Lord, like the land of Egypt." 

 One part of it, called the Vale of Siddim, was full of slime-pits--the only indications of volcanic action. When the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah, which stood in the plain, were destroyed, the Lord, it is said, rained upon them fire and brimstone from heaven; but while these fell upon the cities from the atmosphere, it appears that they must have primarily been discharged from the earth; for "the smoke of the country went up as the smoke of a furnace." 

 The phenomena, therefore, most likely resembled, in the first instance, those of Jorullo; but the catastrophe seems to have ended like the last great eruption of the volcano in Timor--the whole of the plain having been ingulfed and replaced by the salt lake, whose depressed level so clearly indicates the nature of its origin.
