“It was not possible to shoot a gun in the bottom of the cavern, even though gunpowder can be exploded even in carbonic acid by the introduction of a heat sufficient to decompose the nitre, and therefore surround the mass in an atmosphere of oxygen gas, yet the spark would be too slight an augmentation of temperature for this purpose.”
Similar example, but on a bigger scale, are shown in the extinct crater in the Island of Java called “Gueovo Upas,” the Poison-Valley.  Surrounded by precipitous rocks, it is a level about half a mile wide.
Proving fatal to any animal venturing nigh, carbonic acid gas from various part is discharged.  As a result, the ground is littered with countless skeletons.
The general belief in Europe was once that this valley gave root to the famous figment about the upas-tree.
Also in Java, there is another extinct crater.  In this crater, the exhaled vapours are equally deadly.  There is a strange effect on the rotting carcasses subjected to the gasses.  Instead of being reduced to skeletons, their carcasses have the bones dissolved.  All the vapours leave  behind is the skin, hair, and nails by, preserved from decay.
Near the volcano of Talaga Bodas, is this remarkable crater.
The most remarkable of the all the extinct volcanoes in the world, is the Dead Sea.  The compilation of salt and bitter water has depressed the level of its surface 1312 feet below the Mediterranean.  This indicates an enormous subsidence.  Well-watered everywhere, the garden of the Lord, like the land of the Egypt which has became to be known as the Dead Sea, occupies the site of what was previously the plain of Jordan.
The Vale of Siddim, one part of it, was full of pits filled with slime, the only evidence of volcanic action.  Standing in plain sight were the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah, the Lord, it is said, showered upon them fire and brimstone from heaven.  Although it appears that these may have fell onto the cities from the atmosphere from the earth. 
The phenomenon  therefore, most likely looked like, in the first instance, those of Jorullo; but the disaster seems to have broken like the last great outbreak of the volcano in Timor--the whole of the plain having been engulfed and replaced by the salt lake, which  so clearly indicates the nature of its origin based on the depressed level.
