The objections are obvious utility, and from the confusion of words is not confined to homophones, the practical difficulties that sometimes is caused by the slight similarities can be properly invoked to illustrate and enforce the argument.

I will give just one example.

[Side note: not limited to utility charges homophones.]

The phone, which seems to reduce the value of differentiation of consonants, has revealed unexpected similarities. Both pairs caused confusion, the first of which was cured by replacing the name of the letter O for the name of the number zero, which happens to be identical to it in form, [9] and this introduces a vocal session ou (= should), but the other pair remained a constant source of error, that people had put their house in the phone system in general would ask the Post Office to give a number that do not contain a 9 or 5 bis; and almost certainly did not have the automatic dialing system, which was invented long ago another way, got rid of the pain, one of these two figures have changed its name in the post office.

[Note 9: It is no coincidence of an accident - the Arabic symbol for zero is the same to our letter O, and the name of our O (= should) is the same as the present tense of be, which is common name (in vain) of the Arabic zero, and that their voice does not occur in the name of any encryption system.]

[Footnote: aesthetic objections.]

In a uniform effect can say that utilitarian and aesthetic considerations are generally less than one, and this statement should be sufficient blank here, at first could not be treated briefly but it is still that good aesthetic objections are homophones never clearly separated from the scientific community.

I submit the following considerations.

Anyone who seriously attempts to write English well which sound will be aware of how sensitive our ears are delicate repetition of sounds. They have often seen the need to change some words without substantial because it reminded stressed vowel and jarred with one that was perhaps as much as two or three lines removed from it, neither seems to be a rule for this, because apparently similar occurrences do not always get offended, and can even be enjoyable.

The relationship of sound to meaning is indefinable, but homophones, it is evident, for example, the common term so could not be used in a paragraph where the word good (= spring) had occurred. But this being so, it is very inconvenient to find the ubiquitous say no and not knowing each other: and so does the sea and see, if you are writing to the sea after seeing the word is banned, or at least needs some manipulation.

I see the depth of soil untrampled scattered with green and purple algae:

algae here is risky, but I see untrampled the sea floor would have been impossible, even family

The sea saw and fled

is almost comical, especially because "the sea saw has a joint-tenant commitment in the children's play swing

See saw Margery daw.

The awkwardness of these homophones English is much higher because of the absence of inflection, and I guess it was the richness of its inflections that made the Greeks so indifferent (apparently) syllabic recurrence displeasing to us: on the other hand, the similarity in sound between their similar syllables was much obscured by a verbal accent and inflection respected ignore the mother, while our accent is generally faithful to the root. [10] This sensitivity to the sound of the syllables is of the essence of our best English, and where the effect is more magic in our great poets is impossible to analyze.

[Note 10: Provided that this is not true - as in rhetoric, rhetoric, rhetoric, business, company, etc. - which have greater freedom in the use of words. Such words, as Dr. Bradley said, giving Canada, Canada as an example, are often due to a phonetic varieties imported foreign syntax, and pronunciation involves familiarity with literature and written forms: but very often are purely the result of our native syllabising, not only in the shifting of the focus (as in the first example above) but also by changing the vowel marked according to their position in the word, the general trend is to make the long vowels in monosyllables and penultimate accent, but short vowels in antepenultimate accent.
