Over ten thousand voices rehearsed the well known national anthem with intensity and brilliance, 'Kimi ga yo, and concluded it with three cheers for their Imperial Majesties, the Emperor and Empress of Japan.

A game started at eight o'clock in the morning, but would not end until five at night; ofcourse the subject's castle was the first to blaze lost the game.

To be perfectly clear the Japanese do not shout or roar as we do when we cheer. They chant. There is a difference. Shouting is the dummies way of stating intelligence, however, this was different. The Japanese conceptualized the words that they said, and chanted almost as if the words were of a religious nature. The immense musical chorus of: A-a-a-a-a-a-a-a..a! would be enough to make any man weep.

Science is widly observed, discussed, and taught throughout even the oldest sections of Japan. Due to the rich history in agriculture, and the famous Agricultural School at Sapporo schools are maintained purley for educational purposes. Plant physiology is not only a subject, but it is a art. There are many different ways to teach this science of physiology, through microscopes and chemistry.

Modern western cultures study in classrooms typically surrounded by four walls, but in Japan the lessons are surrounded by the subjects: lakes, cliffs, mountains, rocks, trees, and more. The results of such teaching are sometimes surprising. I know of one student, a lad of only sixteen, who voluntarily collected and classified more than two hundred varieties of marine plants for a Tokyo professor. This is not suprising, though, a seventeen year old wrote down a list of all scientific butterflies that could be found. After review, I found that he did not have any errors.

The Minister of Public Instruction, the Imperial Majesty sent a letter stating the thirteenth day of the tenth month of the twenty-third year of Meiji all the students and teachers must assemble to listen to the reading of the, 'Imperial Words on Education'.

The Governor comes to the officers of the Kencho and the chief men of the city, and the anthem is chanted after the salute, of course. I will admit you will wait awhile for the Governor, but once the Governor ascends the platform and shows the scroll of Chinese manuscript made from silk, chills ascend.

The students then have a holiday, not only to celebrate the words but to truly conceptualize them.

Most people forget what the word teacher truly means. The Japanese system, however embraces the true meaning of the word teacher. A teacher is gentle, and does not critize or yell. The teacher realizes he is a teacher, and is not a master. He understands that by trying to master the people, you lose sense of the subject; hence, you will lose the pupil. A teacher is wise, and therefore keeps his temper, because he is one of wisdom. There are some mischievous children in the schoolhouse at recreation, but even so the penalty is small and not inflicted directy by the teacher. The teacher must go to the director of the school to complain about the pupil. The purpose in such cases is not to inflict pain by deprivation of enjoyment, but to give public illustration of a fault; and in the great majority of instances, consciousness of the fault thus brought home to a lad before his comrades is quite enough to prevent its repetition.
