But this (as was perceived in the precede number of this paper) is more to be distasteful than expected, that it may be so excogitate, and peruse. 

Experience on a ancient occasion catechize us not to be too assured in such conjecture. It is not yet blow that valid apprehensions of brewing exigency elicited the people of America to appearance the memorable Congress of 1774.
 
That body sanctioned certain disburse to their constituents, and the event approximately their caution; yet it is fresh in our enshrine how soon the press started to teem with pamphlets and weekly depose against those very measures. Not only  the officers of government, who retracted the edicts of personal interest, but others, from a mistaken estimate of compensate, or the undue influence of former attachments, or whose desire aimed at objects which did not correspond with the public good, were assiduous in their efforts to brainwash the people to dismiss, the advice of that patriotic Congress. 
Many, doubtlessly, were deceived and betrayed, but the great majority of the people reasoned and decided trickily; and happy they are in demonstrate, that they did so. 

They considered that the Congress was constitute of many wise and experienced men. That, being associated from different parts of the country, they brought with them and communicated to each other a disparateness, of useful information. That, in the course of the time they passed together in inquisitorial into and discussing the true interests of their country, they must have acquired very correct knowledge on that head. 

That they were individually interested in the public freedom and accomplishment,, and therefore that it was not less their appetite than their duty to recommend only such measures as, after the most mature deliberation, they really thought cautious and desirable. 

These and similar considerations then considered the people to believe in greatly on the judgment and sincerity of the Congress; and they took their advice, nevertheless the various arts and endeavors used to discourage them from it.
