This idea will help to those people who has love for humanity & also help rhem to increase the concern for the patriotism. This event will help all those nice men who has patritism in them.

We will be happy if we do the things which are judicious and in which we are interested. If we do this then we will be not confused and biased. It will not be connected to public interests but it will be our interest. But this is something we always think but never apply it. Idea offered to our deliberations affects individual interests and introduce amny new local institutions. It does not include the merits of foreign objects or their views or assumptions. It is more interested in truth.

New constitution will have to distinguish in between the certain class of people in the state so that they can hold the power. So that they can help the other class of the men who are in hope or in confusions or release themselves from one government and form seperate confederacies. 

It is not my responsibility to take care about this observation of nature.I am aware thatin society I have to accept the opposition to that dset of people who are prone to suspicion. I have to bridge the gap between those people & help them to be interested in this. The state will oblige us to take care of such people and change their intentions. There should be no doubt opposition will be aroused but we have to take care that it should not blame us nor they should be jealous or scared.

Judgement should not be biased. It should not go be against the wise men. In normal situation judgement are most of the time against wise and good men. And we question the right side of the society.

This will help to those people who are wise but often surrounded by the controversies.It will also help to be cautious from the advocates who are influenced with principles and and are fight for the truth or from the antagonists.

We have to sacrifice ambitions,greed for richness, dislike, party opposition if we support the right side of the question and if we suppoert the wrong side then all these will be ours. It is same in politice and religion. It is unreasonable to aim at this as this as difficult as to make proselytes by fire and sword.   

We already know that this will happen in the same way as happened in the past cases of national discussion. Angry and bad passions will be left like that only. Opposite parties will try to convince their opinions by shouting, using harsh words. So that their converts will be increased.

The enlightened zeal of the energy and efficiency of the government will have to face bad temper and jealousy of danger to rights of the people which is fault of our brain rathe than heart. We will have to pay all these to gain the public good.

On the one side we will forget the jealousy mean the concern of love and enthusiasm of liberty will be infected with narrow distrust. Other side it will help to forget the force of government is required for the security of the liberty. Judgement will be completely unbiased and it will also clear the suspicion that the rights of the people are not the appearnce for the govenrment rather government actuallly think for the rights of the people. There will be no doubt on the efficiency of the government.
