"Dear me, and yet it's so low and flat, now," soliloquized Phil. "Lower than the canals." 

 "It is nothing here to some places. We work hard to save the country we have made with our hands, we Netherlanders. 

 All the streets and gardens of Rotterdam, and other towns too, sink down and down; but we are used to that. 

 We do not stop to care, but go to work adding more steps up to the houses, so we can get in at our doors." 

 "I think you are wonderful," said Phyllis. 

 "I have not done very much myself," modestly replied Cousin Robert. 

 "But you would if necessary. I'm sure you'd have been like the little boy who saw the trickle of water coming out of the dyke, and put his thumb----" 

 "Phil, if you bring up that story I'll ask Cousin Robert van Buren to run into a windmill and kill you," I shrieked over her shoulder. 

 "But I would not do that," said he. Oh yes, he really was wonderful, my cousin Robert. 

 "There is a spot to interest an American," he deigned to fling a sop to me, nodding vaguely upward at some roofs on the River Maas. 

 "Did you ever hear of Oude Delftshaven, cousin? But I don't suppose you have." 

 "Indeed I have!" I shrieked at him. "I wouldn't be a true descendant of Knickerbocker stock if I hadn't. On July 22, 1620, some Pilgrim Fathers (I'm not sure whether they were fathers then or afterwards) set sail from Oude Delftshaven for America." 

 (I didn't think it necessary to explain that, Knickerbocker as I was, I had absorbed this fact only the other day in "reading up" 

 Holland.) 

 I was still more inclined to be reticent as to the newness of my knowledge when it appeared that Phil knew something of a poem on the subject by Mrs. Hemans. 

 I could not allow my English stepsister to be better informed than I concerning a country which I already began to regard as a sort of confiscated family estate that ought to have been mine. 

 We were going fast now, so fast that the tears came to my eyes as the sweet-scented breeze rushed against my lashes. 

 "There's Schiedam," said Robert, indicating a town that stood up darkly out of the green plain. "You know, they make the famous 'Geneva' there." 

 We had never heard of Geneva in liquid form, but it appeared that "Geneva" or "Hollands" and gin were all the same thing; and Cousin Robert seemed almost offended when I said it was nice, with hot water and sugar, for a cold in the head. 

 I don't know whether the little Schie is really an idyllic stream, or whether the glamor of that azure day was upon it for me, but our first "waterway" seemed exquisite, as we spun along through country of wide horizons and magic atmosphere. 

 There were pretty houses, with balconies screened with roses--cataracts of roses, yellow, and pink, and white. We flew by lawns like the lawns of England, and thick, dark patches of forest, where the sun rained gold. There were meadows where a red flame of poppies leaped among the wheat, and quenched their fire in the silver river of waving grain. There were other meadows, green and sunny, where cows were being milked into blue pails lined with scarlet; and there were bowery tea-gardens divided into snug little arbors for two, where each swain could woo his nymph unseen by the next-door swain and nymph, though all couples were in sight from the river. 

 "Now we're coming to Delft," said Robert, long before I thought that we could be near that ancient town. "If Rudolph Brederode, who lends me this car, were here, he could tell much about the history," my cousin went on, mentioning his friend for the second time, as if with pride.
