Phil replied to himself, "Dear me, and still it's so low and flat, now.  Lower than the canals."

"It is nothing much in comparison to some places.  We Netherlanders work hard to save the country that we made with our own hands.

Every street and garden of Rotterdam, and other towns towns also sink lower and lower, but we are accustomed to that.

We do not stop because of caring, but go to work creating more steps up to the houses, so we can get in at our doors."

"I view you as wonderful," stated Phyllis.

"I have not accomplished very much myself," Cousin Robert answered modestly.

"But you would do so if required.  I am confident that you are like the little boy who saw the water trickle coming out of the dyke, and put his thumb-"

"Phil, if you mention that story I will ask Cousin Robert van Buren to go into a windmill and murder you," I blurted over her shoulder.

"But I wouldn't mention that," said he.  Oh yep, he really was sweet, my cousin Robert.

"There is a spot to intrigue an American," he managed to fling a sop to me, nodding upward in a a vague manner at some roofs on the River Maas.

"Have you ever heard of Oude Delftshaven, cousin?  But I guess you have not."

"Yes, I have!"  I burst out at him. "I would not be a Knickerbocker descendant if I hadn't.  Some Pilgrim Fathers (I'm not positive whether they were fathers then or later on) set off for America from oude Delftshaven by boat on July 22, 1620."

(I did not feel it was required to explain that, Knickerbocker as I was, I had taken in this fact only the other day in "reading up"

Holland.)

I was still more in favor of being reticent as to the freshness of my knowledge when it seemed that Phil knew something of a poem by Mrs. Hemans on the topic.

I could not permit my English stepsister to be better informed than I when it came to a country which I already began to view as a sort of confiscated family estate that ought to have been mine.

We were going quick now, so quick that tears came to my eyes as the sweet-scented breeze brushed against my lashes.

"There is Schiedam," replied Robert, pointing out a town that stood darkly out of the green plain. "You know, the renowned 'Geneva' is made there."

We had never known that Geneva was in liquid form, but it seemed that "Geneva" or "Hollands" and gin were all alike; and Cousin Robert appeared almost taken back when I said it was decent, with hot water and sugar, for a head cold.

I am not confident whether the little Schie is really an idyllic sream, or whether the glitz of that azure day was upon it for me, but our first "waterway" appeared elegant, as we spun along through the nation of wide horizons and a spellbinding atmosphere.

There were comely houses, with balconies screened with roses-cataracts of roses, yellow, and pink, and white.  We flew by lawns like the lawns of England, and thick, dun patches of forest,w here the sun rained gold.  There were meadows of jumping red flame poppies among the wheat, that quenched their fire in the silver river among the wheat,and quenched their fire in the silver river of waving grain. There were other meadows, similar that were green and sunshine shone where cows were being milked into blue pails lined with scarlet; and there were bowery tea-gardens separated into snug little arbors for two, where each swain could beckon his nymph unseen by the next-door swain and nymph, though all twosomes were in view from the river.

"Now we are arriving at Delft," said Robert, long before the thought that we could be close to that ancient town came into my head.  "If Rudolph Brederode, who loans me this car, were here, he could impart much about the history," my cousin carried on, stating his comrade for the second time, as if proud.
