However, each failure, he said he approached the solution. 
Finally the day came, after many harrowing experiences, when the problem, although not completely resolved, had at least reveals a solution that was of great commercial value. 

His years of dedication and work seemed to be coming to an end in success. But she found she had only begun to discourage another long period of work and almost desperate. It was a struggle to raise the funds necessary to obtain a patent. If it was to complete and perfect his invention, which must have more capital. So, with his model, he made the rounds of the engine manufacturers, manufacturers that use engines, railroads, steamship companies, electric light and power companies, in fact, everyone thought he could get some encouragement and financial assistance. 

His little family lived on short rations. He had not eaten and had for years. One after another, men of authority, said: "Yes, your proposal looks good, but I do not think you can never practice some of the most brilliant men of the engineering profession have spent years trying to solve that problem , y. have not found the answer to it. I do not never be found. 

They seem to have come near him, but still have not found it, and can not see our way clear to put any money on it. " 

HARVEST YOUR REWARD 

T. argued, pleaded, and requested an opportunity for a demonstration, but all in vain. Then one day, a lawyer who had been consulted by Mr. T., he said. "I have no money to invest in anything myself, but I tell you frankly and honestly, it looks good to me now, happen to be in very good terms with Mr. J. in the B. T. & Company. He has been interested in this problem for years and has worked along towards its solution. He understands all phases of it, and I think you'll do something with your device. 

If I understand correctly, you will be interested in it, and give you the chance to prove it. If your show works so well as you think he goes, he has the authority to put in a position where you can go ahead and perfect, if it is perfectible. I'll give you a letter for him. "And so began the prosperity T. 's. Now he lives in a beautiful house on a wide boulevard. 

His invention, still far from perfect, but of great value, slowly approaches in use, and would probably be in wide use if it were not for the fact that he is constantly working on it, perfecting, improving, and waiting for order have a complete solution to the problem. 

CHAPTER VIII 

IMPRACTICAL MAN 

"My life is a failure," wrote Williams Sydney for us, "and I do not know why." 

In the middle of the life of my grandfather Williams moved his family across the Potomac River from Virginia to study to enter the ministry. Is said to have freed some slaves at that time, so it must have been a "starter", he became a congregational minister. Jacobs My grandfather was a carpenter, but as I knew him, and for some years before my birth, was a helpless invalid from paralysis on one side. 

My father graduated from college and later became a minister. He preached for many years, and then took a job with a religious publishing house, finally having charge of the work in St. Paul. He was there, I think, when he was elected president of a small school for girls. He assumed his new duties in June and was born on November. (I'm the youngest of eleven children, of whom there are currently three boys and five girls still living, three children who died childless before my birth.) 

Until it was almost twelve years he lived in the school for girls, the father succeeded in greatly expanding.
