Cleveland's Central Viaduct: Its Foundations and Construction

The longest viaduct in the world entirely devoted to street traffic is probably Cleveland's Central viaduct. It is now under construction.

The superstructure is comprised of two different portions. The boundary between them is marked by a point of high ground. 

The main portion is 2,840 feet long on the floor line. Comprised of the section from Hill Street to Jennings Avenue, it includes a river bridge and a swing 233 feet long. The second portion is only 1,093 feet long, and crosses Walworth Run to Davidson Street to Abbey Street.

The earthwork and masonry approaches add another 1415 feet, bringing the total ot 5,348 feet. The roadway's width is 40 feet, and the sidewalks are each 8 feet. At the river crossing, the elevation of the roadway above water level is 102 feet. The superstructure made of wrought iron (primarily trapezoidal trusses, which may be from 45 to 150 feet). Masonry of the highest quality comprises the river piers, which rest on foundations of pile and timber. The other supports of the viaduct are broad concrete foundations which hold up wrought iron trestles on masonry piers. Beneath the concrete, a plastic blue clay mixed with sand supports pressure of up to one ton per square foot.

The viaduct crosses the Cuyahoga valley. The bluffs of this valley are composed primarily of blue clay, extending to a depth of over 150 feet below the river's bottom. The viaduct's foundations simply rest on clay: the structure of the foundation does not extend all the way to the geological layer of rock.

The bridge piers are made of white oak piles 50 to 60 feet in length, and 10 inches in diameter. These are cut off with a circular saw 18 feet below the surface of the river. The excavation necessary for dredging was made to a depth of 3 feet below, where the piles are truncated to allow for the expansion of the clay during the pile driving process. Each pile is spaced 2 feet, 5 inches from its neighbor, measuring center to center.
