In teaching children to count, the decimal system should be kept in mind, and the teacher must see that thirteen means three and ten, and that children can play three to ten, and to speak the word. Juniors and seniors should be called Oneto and TWOT, half joking. The idea of grouping should never be lost sight of, and a number greater than at first the names of three in three for many, four, five, etc. In order to maintain the clear meaning of the children should say threety, fivety forty, but there is no need to write these numbers. The Kindergarten sticks tied in bundles of ten are highly desirable to have any material when needed.

tram tickets and images of cigarettes can be used in the same way.

The decimal notation is a great thing to learn, discover how great a bother to work a simple addition sum, involving hundreds, in Roman numerals.

Children are always taught the house number they live, which makes a point of departure. If, for example, 35 compared to the XXXV meaning given to the 3.

Many teachers are formal sums of numbers very well could be added without writing anything. Through the use of any material for which ten can be made clear as a higher unity - bundles of sticks or tickets, Sonnenschein apparatus, the outline of Miss Punnett number, or the new Montessori equipment with chains of accounts: the material used is not of great consequence - children should be able to deal with as easily as a dozen, and there is no need for training small quantities that have no meaning.

Everything in daily life should be used before formal work is attempted.

"Measuring, counting, weighing, comparing," said Rousseau. Children love to measure, either linear measure or liquid, or learning to tell time or use a pair of scales.

There are few occasions when the interest is in relationships real number, as when a child discovers for himself that two six is six pairs.

One of the children on their own compared to an hour and a shilling, and said that could set a shilling in five parts by the clock.

He checked his watch and chose a sixpence, a three pence and three pence. But usually what is abstract belongs to a later stage.

Therefore, it can finish where we started, leaving Froebel, once again set the kindergarten.

"Kindergartens and nursery schools must be raised in nurseries where the child is treated and trained according to his whole nature, so that the demands of your body, your heart and head, their active powers, moral and intellectual, are all satisfied and developed.

"It is the formation of memory, not to learn from memory, familiarity with the appearances of things, but the culture through action, reality and life itself, bring a blessing upon the individual, and therefore both a blessing on the entire community, because each one is higher or the most humble, is a member of the community. "

PART II

SCHOOL CHILDREN IN THE STATE

I. HOW ARE THINGS

CHAPTER XIV

Certain features GROWTH

In the early nineteenth century by two men, driven by very different impulses, he founded what might be considered the beginning of the Infant School. For nearly fifty years his work grew separately, but now merge into something that appears to be permanent.

In a grim mill town of Lanarkshire, in southern Scotland, Robert Owen, millowner, socialist and Wales, found unless it could provide for the education of children from the hands of his factory, without the consent of parents installed in the district and that no workers in his factory.
