One of the foundation blocks of English literacy scholarship is Lewis Theobald's edition of Shakespeare, published in 1734. It is notable for the comprehensive attention to detail that Theobald, a man with a professional breadth and concentration of reading in Shakespeare's period, brought to the work.

Of all the English editors who wrote about Shakespeare, Theobald was the first who displayed a comprehensive knowledge of Shakespeare's language and metrical practice, as well as that of his contemporaries.  Theobald also was well-versed in the Bard's sources and chronology of his plays as well as Elizabethan-Jacobean drama.

Theobald truly deserves recognition as an important progenitor of modern English studies, owing to his authorship of the first significant statement of a scholar's editorial duties and methods in writing on an English classic.  Unfortunately, Theobald is known as "piddling Theobald" and crowned the first king of The Dunciad.  This is due to Pope's animus towards Theobald.

Theobald kicked off an "editor's war" of sorts when he published his Shakespeare Restored, which badly discredited Pope's edition of Shakespeare by detailing some two hundred corrections.  From that point forward, Pope considered Theobald his enemy.  This was not only a personal clash between two writers.  Instead, it was a conflict between two different kinds of criticism, one of which enjoyed widespread popularity compared to the other.  In this case, Pope's approach was more in line with conventional expectations.

As a writer who considered himself a "literal critic" and a champion of "literal criticism," Theobald highlighted the difference between criticism and scholarship. Following the ideas promoted by the classical scholar, Richard Bentley, Theobald cast himself as a "specialist" of sorts.  His peers were quick to brand him as just a "word catcher."

(cf. R.F. Jones, Lewis Theobald, 1919, p. 114).

Accordingly, Theobald's work was notable not only for its content, but for its method.  Initially, Theobald planned to simply write additional commentary n Shakespeare’s works, but by 1729, he set out to issue a new edition, and in October, 1729, he signed a contract with Tonson.

Initially, Thobald's work was well-received by booksellers, incipient patrons and scholars.  Theobald's notoriety grew steadily. Among the many subscribers who embraced his work were members of the Royal Family, and by 1731, Theobald felt that his work was essentially complete.

The printing technology of the times was rife with problems, and there were many delays that occurred in the printing of last edition, resulting in the 1734 printing of a book dated 1733.  By the time the book was available,  however, Theobald's vindication of himself was clear to all. Other literary critics were impressed with Theobald's achievement, and Pope himself offered no rebuttal.
Later editors of Shakespeare, including Warburton and Johnson, severely criticized Theobald.  To this day, the reason for their negative view of Theobald is perplexing.  In fact, Theobald's work was issued nine times in the course of the century.
(cf.Wm. Jaggard, Shakespeare Bibliography, 1911, pp. 499-504). 
Warburton and Johnson's crusading criticism, along with that of Pope, tended to tarnish Theobald's achievement for more than a century.  Finally, J.C. Collings dedicated himself to restoring Theobald's reputation to its deserved place in an essay naming him "The Porson of Shakespearian Criticism"
