Having faith and obedience lead us good. The extreme goodness and love at God make us in the bed of prince. If we lead a life by the Law of God brings love and affection. We get the knowledge of  happy. We can have a view to certify ourselves. The deep  thoughts of God benefits us in our life.
 
Under the scriptures of Lord,s Manner of Hampton Courte, the xii daid of October.(10)

Edward was a great Christian in his State.In the Hampton Court, He and his sister, the Princess Mary and with godfathers made great fires.They had great joy and did thanksgiving to  God for getting succeed to  the crown.

The Joy by the birth of Son soon dissappear  by the death of queen.

He was very sad that he had to save both the lives of mother and baby. By operation only  the new born baby had to come to  the world.

He is in a critical position to choose Whose life should be saved in the operation.This question was asked by the doctors to the king as it seemed that very difficult to preserve both lives.

He said I want to save the life of a baby. He added that he can find his wives.From the report of Privy Council  we know that she was delivered the baby and died by the fatal condition during delivery time.

It was uncertain and hard to believe about the death of Jane Seymour and her son. It is a mystery.Most of Chroniclers have a discrete opinion on the date which was happened. The chroniclers followed Herbert stated she died in 14th October. That is two days after the birth of her son Edward. But Hayward wrote she died in the fourth day after the delivery. Edward in his book, he noted that without telling the exact date, he said after a few days from the delivery she died. So from these notes of the Chroniclers we can come to a conclusion that she did not die during the delivery time.George lilly said the day about the death day of Queen was mentioned in the journal of Cecil. This document signed by Thomas Rutland and other medical peoples was still preserved. In that it was dated that on a wednesday.So we can have a final conclusion that It would take atleast after five days.
