"In this trusties and welbeloved right, high Grete you well, and forasmuch as by the inestimable Goodna and the grace of Almighty God to be high handed and presented in the birth of a prince, conceived in the majority of lawful marriage between my Lord Majesty King and us, doubting but not for the love and affection that you Beare to us, and for the citizens of this kingdom, knowing the same to be cheerful and happy tydeings you, we thought good to you Certified the same, with the intention of th 'onely not to do thanks to God and praise condign soe greate a profit, but praia continuallie longe Also for the continuation and preservation of them in this life, the honor of God, joy and the pleasure of my Lord and King, and universall Weale, Quiett and tranquillitie of this kingdom hole. " 
"As a Seal, to the attention of my Lord Mannor of Hampton Courte, the twelfth of October Daie." [10] 

Edward was baptized with great state, the following Monday in the chapel of Hampton Court, Archbishop Cranmer and the Duke of Norfolk to be the godfathers, and his sister, Princess Mary, godmother. [11] "At its birth," says Hall, "the great fire was made through the joint Lindahl, and made great joye Almightie thankesgeuyng God had sent such a noble prince to succeed to the crowne of this kingdom. " [12] 

The joy, however, that the birth of a son and heir to the throne, excited in the mind of Henry was soon dispelled by the death of his queen. 

It was considered necessary both to preserve his life, and your offspring, so that the latter in the world by caesarean section, in a way that the largest number of cases is fatal for the mother. 

Has been maliciously, and without the semblance of truth, said Sanders, [13] one of the most bitter writers of the opposing party, that the question was put to the King by doctors, if the life of the Queen or the child should be saved, as it was considered impossible to keep both? 

"The Child", he replied, "because they can find enough wives." If, however, his death was caused by this terrible case, we can not at this time distance, intended to state, but from the report to the Privy Council of the birth of Edward VI, still exist, it seems, as reports that was "happy" delivered, and died after quenching related to women in that condition. 

The death of Jane Seymour, as the birth of his son, is involved in considerable obscurity. Most writers seem to have followed Herbert [14] in this particular setting on the fourteenth day of October, two days after the birth of Edward, Hayward, by contrast, asserts that "Shee dyed incision the room the next day, while Edward VI, in his diary, written by himself, informs us, but without indicating a specific period, which occurred "in a few Dayes after the birth of her soon." [15] We however, see the following letter, that this event did not occur in any of the aforementioned days, or until "after the twelfth to die," as George Lilly really informs us, the day is also mentioned in the Journal of Cecil. [16] original document respecting the health of the Queen, which still exists, is signed by Thomas Rutland, and five other medical men, is dated Wednesday, that if only the following Wednesday, and today it is found that it was not that at least do five days later.
