In the August 1, 1714, came the fall of the conservative state of degradation. It was called, but was not able to return, being detained by the debts he had seen the need to recruit, and were not discharged until March, despite his old friend Montague was now at the head of the Treasury. 
Thus returned as soon as he could, and was received on 25 March by a court order, but, however, was to live at home, in the custody of the messenger, until examined by a committee of the Privy Council , that Mr. Walpole was chairman, and Lord Coningsby, Mr. Stanhope, and Mr. Lechmere were the chief interrogator, who, in this review, of which there is printed an account not unentertaining, behaved with the bustle of men elated by recent authority. 

Are represented as asking questions sometimes vague, sometimes insidious, and writing the different responses they received. Before that, however, seems to have been dominated by turbulence, because it confesses that he signed what, if there ever come before a legal court, should be no contradiction or explanation. The oath was administered by Boscawen, a judge in Middlesex, in the end was to write their certification on the wrong side of the paper. 

They were very industrious to find some accusation against Oxford, and called the past, with great seriousness, who was present when the preliminary articles talked about the company or at home? 

He told them, or the Earl of Oxford or the Duke of Shrewsbury was absent, but could not remember an answer to them puzzled, because not provide any charges against him either. 

"What could be more absurd," he says, "or more inhuman, to propose to me a question, the answer of which could, according to them, to prove myself a traitor? And despite his solemn promise that nothing what I should say that I hurt, I had no reason to trust them, because they broke the promise of some five hours later. However, what was I was there. If this is done wisely and do not let my friends to determine. "When he signed the document, Walpole was told by the committee were not satisfied with their behavior, nor can it give that account to the Wikipedia, as you might deserve the favor, and is now believed stricter rules necessary to his own house. 

"Here," he says, "Boscawen played the moralist, and Coningsby Christian, but both very awkwardly." The messenger, in whose custody he would be placed, was then called, and very indecent Coningsby asked "if your house was secured by rods and screws." The messenger replied, "No", in amazement. 

How very angry Coningsby, said: "Lord, to protect the prisoner, is for the safety of the nation: if escape should be held accountable." 

Was printed and his report, and in this review are struggling to find evidence. 

Limited and continued for some time, and Mr. Walpole (June 10, 1715) moved for impeachment against him. What made him so bitter is not listed, but it was not by nature thirsted for blood.
