At the present time, it is only employed that we raise and ignite the Passions,it, then, was applied to relax and allay all kinds of Perturbation. And, agree to this analysis, throughout every one of Shakespears Plays, where Musick is either used, or it is Powers described, it is chiefly said to be for these Ends.

Shakespears Twelfth Night begins with a reflection that admirabley marks its impressive properties.

This Similitude is great not only for the greatness of the image that it shows, but for the exactness to things compared.

This is a way to teach peculiar to Poets that would describe the nature of anything, they do it not by a direct Enumeration of attributes or qualities, but by bringing this into comparison, and presenting those qualities that are of the kind with those in this compared.

For instance.  The Poet is willing to direct in the properties of Musick, in which the same strains have a greatness to improve pleasure or pain.  According to that state of matter, the person is then in, does it by showing the image of a sweet south wind swirling over a violent bank, which goes away the odor of the violets, and at the same time communicates to its own sweetness, by this insinuating, that affecting Musick, though it takes away the sweet tranquility of mind, and at the same time, shares a pleasure the mind never felt before.

This knowledge has the same objects being capable of raising contrary affections, and is a proof of no ordinary progress in the study of human nature.  General beauties of the two poems of Milton are titled 'L'Allegro and II Pensoroso, and are familiar to all readers, because the descriptions are most poetical in the World.  There is a peculiar beauty in the tow pieces, that will enhance value of them to capable readers which has never been observed.  The images in the poems raises to excite Mirth and Melancholy is exactly the same but shown in different attitudes.

If a writer acquainted with nature had given us two poems on these subjects, he would have sought out the most contrary images to show these contrary passions.  Particulary as Shakespear in Passage I am now speaking of these different effects as the exciter of each affection: and we should mistake him as showing that different heirs had different powers.  He gives the picture of these self same strains that Orpheus used to get Eurydice as proper both to excite Mirth and Melancholy.
