Although the students all agreed that he abused them using vulgar language, he still did not agree to give up his position. The students then approached the Minister of Education who declined to meet with them. They subsequently engaged in a sit-in in the Minister's courtyard for a full forty eight hours and sent a message to their lecturers to which they appended the address " from beneath the foliage at the Education Deaprtment's offices". The message to the professors was that they would not be able to attend their lectures. The Chancellor of the institution soon handed in his resignation.

This may seem unusual to westerners, who might assume that a country where such an event could occur must be a disorganised one.

 Our belief that authority, if challenged, will result in chaos is erroneous. The Chinese people hold the view that authority exists to ensure that what the commoners see as common sense and fairness, is implemented, and if this is not the case then that authority structure should be defied. If an authority structure disappears, the Chinese know that it will not affect life as usual, as is evidenced in most of China - routins and common practices are based on traditions and reasonability.

A further strange practice according to Western onlookers is the Chinese support of formal protests. The present systemn of government allows oficials and men in the public eye to freely use the telegraph as a means of communication. As a result of this, many people give their views, criticize and even lay blame at the door of government on a daily basis.

In today's paper a telegram directed to the National assembly, appears. This message is from various state officials from seventeen provinces.

The communication starts with these words:

Attention: The President, his Cabinet, the Press Association, Tsan Yi Yuan and Chung Yi Yuan.

At the start of the civil uprising in Wuchang, many goups mobilized themselves and took part and then when the Republic was oficially adopted, these groups slowly disappeared from public view.

Fearing that these soldiers who were now unemployed would due to their state of starvation, become a public disturbance, the Citizens' Progressive Society was formed. This society aimed to assist with job creation, develop society and form the Tutuhs of each province.

Thereafter the document lists the so-called dangers, six of them, which will be faced by the society at large, and then appeals for the Assembly to act in a reaonable manner, and then adds:

" The statements of all of us, including Yuan-hung, remain in place, we have not healed and even if all of the water's on earth evaporated, we would still remain resolute.

We will fight to the death to safeguard the Republic, we will lead and support the province and make sure that the rule by royalty never occurs again and that our people are never oppressed by their leaders.

They call on the powers of heaven and earth to witness thir promise,  and call on the recipients of the message who are seen to be political laders and representatives of the general population, to work together consistently. They enquire if the figureheads concerned recalled that they had first insisted on the necessity of the loan; ho then could they now deem it to be unnecessary? Can feeling move from coldness to passion so quickly? Your supporters will lose their trust in you and suspect your motives.

They state that should the politicians have an original way to save the current situation, now would be the time to reveal this plan."

Obviously th strangeness of the communication could be caused in part by poor translation. Alternatively it could just be another example of the Chinese peoples' attitude that life is after all, a balance of reason and propoganda.
