The students stated that after refusing to resign he insulted them vociferously. The students tried unsuccessfully to meet the Minister of Education. Then they gathered in the courtyard for the entire day, sending a message to the faculty, labelled " from under the trees of the Education office" explaining that why they were boycotting lectures.

The Chancellor was persuaded and resigned. This must certainly seem odd to Westerners, the disorganization of such a country.

But we would be wrong to see it in this way. Our ideas about authority and order are not correct. We think that the only alternative to authority is anarchy. In China, the conception is different. The goal of authority is to ensure the realization of common sense and justice, as perceived by the people. Authority must be resisted if it flouts the will of the people. Life will persist even in the absence of authority, as can be seen in many parts of China today, based on tradition and routine.

The students would not have acted unless they were convinced of the rightness of their actions. Once they receive justice they will be more submissive and obedient that their counterparts at home.

Europeans are also surprised at the Chinese belief in verbal 

Almost certainly the students of the University had justice on their side; otherwise such action would not be taken; and when they get justice they will be more docile and orderly than our own undergraduates at home.

Another thing surprising to European observers is the apparent belief of the Chinese in the efficacy of complaint. Officials and prominent men are allowed to use the telegraph freely. The result is that daily telegrams flood into the Government with advice, warnings, complaints, fears, hopes etc, issuing from civil servants and military officials, from members of Parliament and party leaders.

Consider as an example the telegram published in today's paper from 17 provincial Governors addressed to the National Assembly where after a lengthy greeting to the President, cabinet, the Tsan Yi Yan, the Chung Yi Yuan and the press association and a preamble about the dangers represented by the disbanded army, the Governors issue a stern warning of the dangers the country is exposed to and an appeal to the Government to deliver a plan for overcoming the current predicament.
