Just hearing the music is not listening. Giving concentration on what it says is listening.

We should sharpen our ears and mind while hearing something.If we get the power of listening the sounds, it will increase not only our understanding power of listening and also increases the power of reading the music notes. This increases our level of knowledge.

Now we are going to learn one amazing fact of science. We can attain great knowledge only when we are not stopped at the first steps.

we might feel learning is a simple thing.

But if we think like that we never experience the pleasure that hidden in it.

There are three simple ways in learning to think music.

1. We should hear all the tones.

2. We should try to learn the major scale.

3. We should practice it and get accustomed within the tone.

If we follow these three ways , then we can be a master in piano.

We should not mean the printed tone thoughts outside of ourselves and not by only hands.

If we unite the above said things together ,which make the things great.

In the notes of music we only have the music in purest form. But if we are very sincere in thinking of the lessons, then we can gain the most power of thought.

This situation comes true when we present our mind always in thoughts. For example  when we study a poem, or look at a picture or listening a good song provoke good thoughts.

These things make the thoughts more clear to eye and mind.

Thomas Carlyle, a Scotch author said that,

"Great men are profitable company; we cannot look upon a great man without gaining something by him."

Chapter VII

WHAT WE SEE AND HEAR

Phillips Brooks said that, "You must feel the mountains above you while you work upon your little garden".

We should thing about the great things while doing the first steps of it.

We can get the notes in music thinking.Devote our mind and concentration on what it tries to say.

In one place a boy wrote his songs.Many peoples asked him that how he did that work.He said to the people that he made his notes on the basis of his thoughts where the most people missed.We knew about the thought and how to express it in a pleasant way.One who have a great thoughts only express it in a beautiful way and let others to understand it.The poem is nothing but the thoughts preserved in a beautiful words.The thoughts are stored in a stone at the great cathedral in Winchester and the other one near the Rhine in Germany.The thoughts are carved in canvas and in marble also.Thus we can learn the things by seeing it carefully with full concentration.we can know from poems,buildings,beautiful garden, a cleaned room, and even in a smile. These all have stored thoughts in it.
