About 9:45 am the situation was as follows: Blücher, the fourth in his line, and showed signs of having suffered severely from a firearm, its nave and No. 3 also on fire, Leon was the participation N 1, the Princess Royal No. 3, New Zealand No. 4, while the Tigre, who was second in our line, fired first at their No. 1, and when interfered with by smoke, as No. 4. 
enemy destroyers emitted vast columns of smoke to screen their battle cruisers, and under the latter now seems to have changed course towards the north to increase their distance, and of course the ships pulled back in the fourth port its leader, increasing its distance from our line. 

The battle cruisers, therefore, were ordered to form a line marking the north-northwest, and proceed at maximum speed. 

Their destroyers then showed signs of an attempted attack. 

Tigre Leon and opened fire on them, and made them leave and return to its original course. 

The light cruisers maintained an excellent position in the port quarter of the enemy line, allowing them to observe and keep the touch, or attack any vessel that might fall out of line. 

At 10:48 AM the Blücher, which had dropped considerably astern of the enemy line, took the port, heading north with a heavy list, on fire, and apparently in good condition defeated. I therefore ordered to attack enemy Late Indomitable north. 

At 10:54 AM submarines were reported at the starboard bow, and I personally observed a periscope washing two points on the starboard bow. Immediately headed to port. 

At 11:03 AM from an injury to the Lion being reported as incapable of immediate repair, which leads Leon to set the course toward the northwest. 

At 11: 20 AM I called the next attack, shifting my flag around 11:35 I went at full speed to rejoin the squad, and met them at noon to withdraw to the north-northwest. 

I boarded and hoisted my flag in the Princess Royal at about 24:20, when Captain Brock me know what had happened since the Lion fell out of line, namely, that Blucher had been sunk and that the enemy battle cruisers had continued its course towards the east in a badly damaged state. 

He also informed me that a Zeppelin and a seaplane has striven to drop bombs on ships going to the rescue of survivors of Blücher. 

The Lieutenant seamanship. Commander Cyril Callaghan, HMS attack, placing his vessel alongside the Lion and, later, the Princess Royal, allowed the transfer of flag to engage in the shortest time possible. 

At 2 PM Cerro Leon and received a report that the starboard engine was giving trouble because of the primer, and at 15:38 I ordered Indomitable to carry on their backs, carried out at 5 PM 

The biggest credit goes to the captains and Indomitable Lion by the way seafarers, in which the lion was taken in tow under difficult circumstances. 

The excellent steam vessels engaged in the operation was a notable feature. 

Attached is an appendix with the names of several officers and men who are particularly distinguished. 

Where all did so, it is difficult to single out the officers and men of special mention, and as a lion and tiger were the only buildings affected by the enemy, most of these I mention belong to those ships. 

I have the honor to be, Sir, 

Your obedient servant, 

(Signed) DAVID BEATTY, Vice Admiral. 

MESA. Commander Charles A. Fountaine, HMS Lion. 

Lieutenant. Evan C. Commander Bunbury, HMS Lion.

Lieutenant. Frederick T. Peters, HMS Meteor. 

Lieutenant. Charles Schwerdt MR, HMS Lion. 

Engineer Commander Donald P. Green Lion, HMS. 

Engineer Commander James L. Arenas, HMS Southampton. 

Engineer Commander Thomas H. Turner, HMS New Zealand. 

Lieutenant Engineer. Commander George Preece, HMS Lion. 

Lieutenant Engineer. Knothe Albert, HMS Indomitable. 

James A. Surgeon trial Stirling, RNVR, HMS Meteor
