By around 9:45 A.M, Bl端cher, which was the fourth ship in their line, appeared to have been severely damaged by gun fire.  Their number 3, and leading ship, were on fire as well.  Lion was engaged with number 1, Princess Royal number 3, and New Zealand number 4.  The Tiger, second in our line, had been firing at their number 1 until smoke impeded their shot.  The Tiger then began to fire at their number 4.

The enemies cruisers appeared to alter course to the north as their destroyers screened them with smoke, while the ships in the rear hauled out on the port quarter of their leader.  Both maneuvers increased their distance from us.

We ordered our cruisers to bear north by northwest in a line at maximum speed.  

Then, it appeared as if their destroyers were going to try to attack.  This was thwarted though, when the Tiger and Lion fired upon them and they resumed their previousc ourse.

Our light cruisers were stationed on the port quarter of their line, and were able to fire on any ships that fell out of the line.

The Bl端cher, which was astern of the enemy, moved out to port at about 10:48 A.M.  It steered north, but was on fire and heavily listing. As a result, I ordered the Indomitable to move northward in a breaking attack.

We recieved reports of submarines off our starboard bow at 10:54 A.M., so I quickly turned to port.  I personally saw a periscope two points on our starboard bow.

I ordered the lion to change course to the northwest, when we recieved report that it was incapable of quick repair at 11:03 A.M.

I ordered the Attack alongside at 11:20 A.M., moving my flag to her around 11:35 A.M.  I made great haste to rendevous with the squadron, and we regrouped at noon moving north-northwest.

At 12:20 P.M., I moved onboard the Princess Royal and raised my flag.  Then, Capt. Brock informed me that the Bl端cher had been sunk and the damaged enemy cruisers had continued moving east.  Also, he told me that a seaplane and Zepplin had been seen dropping bombs on vessels rescuing survivors of the Bl端cher.

Lieut. Commander Cyril Callaghan's, of the H.M.S. Attack, display of seamanship when he placed his vessel alongside the Lion, and then the Princess Royal, let the flag transfer happen quickly.

I recieved report that the Lions starboard engine was having difficulties due to priming at about 2 P.M., so I had Indomitable tow her, which took til about 5 P.M.

I give great credit to the Captains of the Indomitable and Lion for the skill exhibited by taking the damaged Lion under tow so quickly.

All ships in the operation were steamed exceptionally well.

While everyone involved did well, I am attaching a list of names of the officers and men who performed especially valoriously.  The majority of the names belong to those aboard the Lion and Tiger, which were the only ships hit.

It is an honor to be, Sir,

Your obedient servant,

(Signed) DAVID BEATTY, Vice Admiral. 

OFFICERS. Commander Charles A. Fountaine, H.M.S. Lion.

Lieut. Commander Evan C. Bunbury, H.M.S. Lion.

Lieut. Frederick T. Peters, H.M.S. Meteor.

Lieut. Charles M.R. Schwerdt, H.M.S. Lion.

Engineer Commander Donald P. Green, H.M.S. Lion.

Engineer Commander James L. Sands, H.M.S. Southampton.

Engineer Commander Thomas H. Turner, H.M.S. New Zealand.

Engineer Lieut. Commander George Preece, H.M.S. Lion.

Engineer Lieut. Albert Knothe, H.M.S. Indomitable.

Surgeon Probationer James A. Stirling, R.N.V.R., H.M.S. Meteor.
