"Go out and buy yourself a new coat. You never spend any money on yourself."

"Armida is beautiful, but she has no sense of style so nobody realizes how beautiful she really is. I would instead like to Armida upset over stupid things than have a closet full of coats," Said Theodore.

"She is going to look so pretty. You'll see. Once she is all dressed up in her beautiful dress with her pink ribbon people won't stop looking at her"

Venetian blinds were not a good idea, especially pre-owned venetian blinds. I remember when he came home with some for Armida to put up in the living room. It did not go over so well.

He is quite handy around the house. He fixed the blinds so they looked half descent if you were outside looking in. Then he smartly stated.

"What else do you want me to do, Armidy?"

It's so dark in here. You never come in here anyway.

"I don't like your husband, Arimida. It's hard for me to be around him," Theodore said. I cannot be his friend.

Armida was angry at this point. "All you think about is yourself, Theodore."

"I may be selfish, but at least I work. He does no work at all," said Theodore.

Theodore clearly disliked Jerry, but for Armida's sake he still helped on the farm. With some help from Lucas everything got fixed and mended.

Lucas was always trying to satisfy Theodore, even though, he wasn't always up to it. Theodore would just laugh to himself behind Lucas's back.

He tried to get Lucas to put a fresh coat of paint on the front of the house. No such luck.

After that didn't work, Theodore painted Armida's half of the kitchen floor.  Even though, she  kept telling him that Lucas wouldn't like it, but she rather thought it looked nice, even though Lucas didn't.

"It can't any worse than it was before," said Theodore.

"I'll paint it right to the middle of the floor. That way, noone will be intruding on the other's side. Your chair was a bit on Armidy's side the other day, and that is just wrong." declared Theodore.

Lucas heard a "Hello!" as he was taking care of his corn. Without looking around he finally replied.

Theodore came running to Lucas, and was out of breath. As soon as he saw Lucas he slowed down to a walk. Theodore then gasped "Lucas!"

"Look over here! Stop what you're doing!"

Without a care Lucas replies, "Well?" as he brought up his horse.

Theodore, after claiming to be to old to run, leaned against the plough and told Lucas that there is some work for us to do. He continued to tell Lucas that Armidy was a mess on the road and Jerry was dead as a door nail.  "We must clean up the mess as soon as we can" declared Theodore. 

Lucas said nothing as he half hazardly untied the horse and headed back to the house. His brother, Theodore, came from behind exhausted by what had happened.

"How did you find out about this?" asked Lucas.



"I had Sam this morning bring in some wood for Armidy and adjusted the trace to fit the wagon. I got curious. I'm just guessing, but it seems they were headed out to the village with some eggs because the eggs are smashed all over the road. Jerry didn't shorten the traces when he got in the wagon and you know that's not a good idea. I was out mowing when I heard something coming and there was a loud noise. I couldn't tell who it was. Just then a the front wheel hit a large rock. The man and woman went up into the air and landed. Then the horse went.
