Armida had no other alternative, other than to protect herself with tears,although that too did not avail with Lucas.  She tried to overture peace by offering to cook, look after the share of milk of her brother, but she was warned tomind her own business, by her brother.

In the kitchen chimney, Lucas had a new pipe hole made, and he bought a new stove,and a kitchen table was hunted up by him.  He told Aminda that she can use the stove and the table. as then had been using them previously in common, and he would be greatful to her, if she styed in her own side of the room.  If it had not been grim earnest to the brother and sister, the situation would have been ludicrous.  LucaS could not forgive his sister's interfetence, as he had a hard side to his character.

Withoiut warning  Aminda, he allowed her cows to break into her cornfield  and her sheep tio stray away.Although, his heart pricked him at the sight of her distress, he would not give her advice even.

Still all he would do was to suggest that she get a hired man.

As per the suggestion of Lucas, she hired a helping hamd,as she was in despair.  The man, who offered his services,was easy going,good-natured creature. As the hired man was doing very well, Armada got on better, and she even took courage.

But the destiny had a dreadful blow in store,for her.  A gang of carpenters, brought by Lucas to the farm, instituted repairs on his half of the house.  He did not even hesitete ot having blinds hung for his sitting-room and front chamber windows.His half of the front porch was trimmed with brackets.  He even got the hole of his half house paited white, so that his neighbors rallied him on being prooud.

One of them said, "Lucas, why don't you extend your improvements right along acrosty the house?  It looks sort of queer, when you see one-half of the house so fine and the other half so slack."

Lucas replied, "Armida is free to do, as she minds to do.It is her who has to decide if she wants to fix up her side of the house.  I don't hinder her-"

The other neighbor said, "As I can see, you would not offer any help either."

Lucas replied, "I beleive in 'minding my own business and not interfering in other people's affairs."

By the chrges and ccomments of her neighbor's, Armida was very unhappy.  If she had money to spend, she would have gladly beutified her half also.  She was pinched for means, as the farm had fallen behind.  She did all she coud, as taking more care than usual of flowers and vines.  Under her front windows,she even had an extra bed dug,where she had many bright-hued flowers.  But as she rose from digging around her plants and compared both the houses, to her dismay, she found that Lucas's side of the house with the new green blinds and the clapboards shining with paint, hers with its stained, weather-beaten appearance and it staring windows- she feld discouraged and ashamed.

When she contfonted the hired man as he was slack and neglected his work, he threatened to quit the job and go.  But afterward he compramised the matter by offering to stay if she'd marry him  Armida didnot know what to do, becase she was lonely.  She married him.  No doubt he was a respectable man.  but his only fault was he was lazy, and now she hoped that, as she has married him. he would take an interest.

After Amind and her husband came back from the minister's and announced to Lucas about their marriage, his only comment was, "Well, a slack help will make a shifless husband."

Although, years went by, but Aminda's side of the house fell more and more into ruin, while Lucas, kept his in excellent repair and occassionally renewed the paint, which Aminda considered cruel carefullness.

The passerby stopped their horses so that they might look and wonder at their leisure, as the contrast was so great.  Amanda avoided her sitting-room, as the looks of the passerby's was a blow to her, and kept herself in the kitchen, though it was very uncomfortable.The kitchen was divided by an imaginery line directly through the middle, a line which was never crossed by her brother, herself or her husband.

It would have looked very awkward to a stranger, to see this divided room, with the sister doing her work on one side of the room and the brother clumsily carrying on his household affairs on the other side of the room, without exchanging a single word between them for days together. absurd it might be, but it was certainly wreched.

Arminda aged rapidly.  Her husband was a poor man, and when, as years passed, a touch of rheumatism gave him a real excuse for his laziness.  He did nothing other than sit near the fire and smoke.

One day, as Armida was sitting on a bench under the old russet apple-tree, by the back of the door, regretting her evil fate, she heard footsteps approaching, and, pushing back her old sun-bonnet, she looked up to see a shabby, shambling, oldish man coming around the side of the house and gazing in at the windows.  Amrida said sharply, "What are you doing there?"

"Don't you remember me Armidy" the man said after turning and surveying her with a smile on his lips, with a drawl she remembered, "I hain't been gone so long but that I know ye."
