Armida was unable to protect itself, except for the tears that did not use to Lucas. Made overtures of peace, as an offering to cook for his brother and take care of their part of the milk, but was advised to attend to their own business. 
Lucas had a new tube hole in the chimney of the kitchen, and bought a new stove, and hunted a kitchen table, says Armida was welcome on the stove and the table that was previously used in common, but had to give the thanks to remain in their own side of the room. The situation would have been absurd had it not been too violent for the brother and sister. Luke had a tough side of his character, and could not forgive her sister's interference. 

Not even give advice Armida, but allowed his cows to come into his field and his sheep away, without warning her, but while he played his heart at the sight of her distress. 

However all was to suggest that he would get a man to pay. 

Armida Consequently, in desperation, hired a flexible, gentle creature who offered their services. He did very well, and Armida climbed better, and took courage. 

But it was a terrible blow in store for her. Lucas brought a group of carpenters from the farm, which established the repairs in their half of the house. He even went so far as to commit the extravagance of having hanging blinds for your living room windows and the front chamber and field of the porch was adorned with the media and then all of their half of the house painted white, so that his neighbors would be proud rose. 

"Only," as one said, "why not extend the improvements to the house right acrostic, Lucas? Classifier seems unusual to see half so fine and the other so loose." 

"Armida 

free to do it is a mind, "said Lucas. 

"If she wants to fix his hand, she can. I do not prevent -" 

"No you did not help either, as I see it," said another. 

"I believe in 'tendon' to your own business and not interferin 'with other people," continued Lucas. 

Armida was very unhappy about these changes and comments from the neighbors, and gladly have beautified their environment well, but had no money to spend. The estate had been left behind, and was crushed by the media. She did what she could, taking more care than usual of vines and flowers, and even had an extra bed dug under the front windows where there were many flowers in bright colors, but as you dig up some of their plant and inspected the house - next to Luke s with new green shutters and shingles with the brightness of the painting, she spotted appearance, weathered and windows looking - he was embarrassed and discouraged. 

She feared that her hired man lazy and neglected his work, but when he threatened to go, and committed after the issue, offering to stay if she married him, not knowing what to do, and partly because she was lonely, married him. It was a respectable man, whose only fault was laziness, and hopes that now he would take an interest. 

When Armida and her husband came and told the minister who married Luke, his only comment was: "Well, aid will play a husband shif'less." 

Years passed, and Armida side of the house fell deeper and deeper into ruin, while Luke, which considers Armida cruel care, kept in excellent repair and fresh paint sometimes. 

The contrast was so great that the passers-by stopped their horses might look and wonder at your leisure. Every look was like a blow to Armida, so avoiding their living and support themselves uncomfortable in the kitchen was divided by an imaginary line straight through the middle, not a line crossed by her brother, her husband, or herself. 

It would seem quite absurd to a stranger to see the room divided, with brother awkward exercise of home affairs on the one hand, and sister doing their job on the other hand, often do not change a word between them for several days together . Preposterous, but it certainly was miserable. 

Armida aged rapidly. Her husband was a poor stick, and when, as years went by, a touch of rheumatism gave him a real excuse for laziness, which did nothing but sit by the fire and smoke.

As Armida sat on the bench under the old apple tree red back door one day, lamenting his bad luck, he heard footsteps approaching, and, pushing back her old sun-hat, looked up to see a miserable, shuffling his feet, goes for the old man coming down the side of the house and looking out the window: "What you doing there?" Armida said abruptly. 

The man turned, surveyed her with a smile, then said with an accent that recalled: ".? I have not been left out so long, but I know that you, Armidy not remember me"
