Fritz ridiculed him severely and laughingly remarked that he was making excuses where he was master. He was sure that had he been in Apollonius's place, he would have behaved in a different manner. He was a person with integrity and didn't feel the need to be excessively sweet. He had come to Apollonius's room without expecting to find him, but it was the latter that was surprised by his visit as was caught. He had seized the prospect of reconciliation as an excuse thereby exposing his meekness. That was the reason his wife was scared since she had been trying to fool him to believe that Apollonius had never come into the room. That was the reason she looked at him pleadingly, her scornful gaze measuring him coming apart from her face pretending to be innocent but revealing her guilt. Now that he had become aware with certainty, the only option remaining to him was revenge.

Now was the time to prove to his brother that he had always known him.

Pointing towards his wife he remarked that she was pleading him to depart, but he had no reason to do so. "I'll look outside the window and not see what you are doing. That shall do just as well." he added.

Christiane didn't even have to look at him to know that Apollonius didn't understand him. 

She tried to leave the room as she couldn't tolerate humiliation in the presence of Apollonius.

Controlling his desire to laugh, Fritz looking at his brother said "Don't mind that she wants to flee. The moment I turn my back she will be back here. Go on, talk to each other. Tell him that you can't tolerate him."

"Give her some of your lessons from Cologne where you had learned how to drive your brother out of his house, his business. Why don't you tell her? A women should be willing. Tell her that she is that kind of willing woman who doesn't know it yet being so innocent. Haw Haw!!"

Apollonius still couldn't understnad anything of what he was was seeing and listening. But he felt angry watching the helpless woman being abused by the brute power of this man. It made him stronger and he gripped him by the arm that held his wide. As a result he let go her and dropped down. Christiane once again tried to leave the room but fell down helplessly. Apollonius managed to grasp her and laid her down on the couch and stood behing his brother looking like an angel on a warpath.
