Now-a-days, it seems very profitable which means that it had been well managed in the past. 

Since the central Dominican railroad goes from Puerto Plata in the north to Santiago de los Caballeros 41miles away, extending to Moca 16 miles a total coming to 57miles, the name of the other Dominican railroad is also often misleading.

It got this name because it was considered the initial section of the road which connects Puerto Plata and Santo Domingo City.

This road was and still is urgently needed and hence the construction of the road between Santiago and the coast was more imperative than ever.

The existing mountain roads were in a very bad condition and hence travelling from one place to the other was tedious and transporting goods was done from either place by mule-back.

It was fortunate in 1890 that the president Heuraux and the Dominican government was able to make contracts with Westerndrop & Co. for the road section between Pluerto Plata to Santiago. 

Belgian engineers made the plans and their money was furnished.

The gauge given to the road was two feet six inches and the short-sightedness is inconceivable which permitted the adoption on this road of a gauge different from that of the Samana-Santiago Railroad, when the two were expected to join in Santiago. Ultimately a high cost will be incurred for the complete renovation of the rolling stock when the guage of the Central Dominican Railway will have to be widened.

The plans contemplated the construction at several places of the road because of the unaccounted steepness of the slopes. There was a third track provided between the two, to use several mounting climbing locomotives using which the ascent was completed and the descent regulated.

The road was built by the Belgian engineers from Puerto Plata to Bajabonico which came to about eleven miles.


Now the financial crisis of the Dominican government forced the Belgians to sell their rights to American interests and this gave rise to the San Domingo Improvement Company to take over them. Hence the road to Santiago was completed by the American engineers. A rack-rail was not desired so the road was planned to be constructed as an adhesion road. 

The rack-rail was not built further and a portion that was previously constructed was converted and there were two other short stretches of rack-rail near Puerto Plata, which were one and three miles respectively.   

The Central Dominican Railway Company was incorporated for the operation of the road. 
The San Domingo Improvement Company contended that the road had cost in the neighbourhood of $3,000,000, or about $600,000 in excess of the sums realized by the sale of the bonds assigned by the government to defray the cost of construction during the controversy. 

The protocol of January 31, 1903, brought about the solution and by this, the Dominican government agreed to purchase all the holdings of the Company.
In the talks that followed, the actual cost of the railroad was estimated to be $1,500,000.
