And thinking of the letter I would write till very late, I fell asleep in my cell, with two warders to watch over me; and then--Another phase of my inner life began.
Without effort, without let or hindrance of any kind, I was at the avenue gate.
The pink and white may, the lilacs and laburnums were in full bloom, the sun made golden paths everywhere. The warm air was full of fragrance, and alive with all the buzz and chirp of early summer.
I was half crying with joy to reach the land of my true dreams again, to feel at home once more--chez moi! chez moi!
La Mere Francois sat peeling potatoes at the door of her loge; she was singing a little song about cinq sous, sinq sous, pour monter notre menage.
I had forgotten it, but it all came back now.
The facetious postman, Yverdon, went in at the gate of my old garden; the bell rang as he pushed it, and I followed him.
Under the apple-tree, which was putting forth shoots of blossom in profusion, sat my mother and Monsieur le Major.
My mother took the letter from the postman's hand as he said, "Pour Voes?
Oh yes, Madame Pasquier, God sev ze Kveen!" and paid the postage.
It was from Colonel Ibbetson, then in Ireland, and not yet a colonel.
Medor lay snoring on the grass, and Gogo and Mimsey were looking at the pictures in the musee des families.
In a garden chair lolled Dr. Seraskier, apparently asleep, with his long porcelain pipe across his knees.
Madame Seraskier, in a yellow nankeen gown with gigot sleeves, was cutting curl-papers out of the Constitutional.
I gazed on them all with unutterable tenderness.
I was gazing on them perhaps for the last time.
I called out to them by name.
"Oh, speak to me, beloved shades!

Oh, my father! oh, mother, I want you so desperately! Come out of the past for a few seconds, and give me some words of comfort!
I'm in such woful plight!
If you could only know ..."
But they could neither hear nor see me.
Then suddenly another figure stepped forth from behind the apple-tree--no old-fashioned, unsubstantial shadow of by-gone days that one can only see and hear, and that cannot hear and see one back again; but one in all the splendid fulness of life, a pillar of help and strength--Mary, Duchess of Towers!
I fell on my knees as she came to me with both hands extended.
"Oh, Mr. Ibbetson, I have been seeking and waiting for you here night after night! I have been frantic! If you hadn't come at last, I must have thrown everything to the winds, and gone to see you in Newgate, waking and before the world, to have a talk with you--an abboccamento. I suppose you couldn't sleep, or were unable to dream."

I could not answer at first. I could only cover her hands with kisses, as I felt her warm life-current mixing with mine--a rapture!

And then I said--

"I swear to you by all I hold most sacred--by my mother's memory and yours--by yourself--that I never meant to take Ibbetson's life, or even strike him; the miserable blow was dealt...."

"As if you need tell me that! As if I didn't know you of old, my poor friend, kindest and gentlest of men! Why, I am holding your hands, and see into the very depths of your heart!"

(I put down all she said as she said it. Of course I am not, and never have been, what her old affectionate regard made me seem in her eyes, any more than I am the bloodthirsty monster I passed for. Woman-like, she was the slave of her predilections.)

"And now, Mr. Ibbetson," she went on, "let me first of all tell you, for a certainty, that the sentence will be commuted.
