Since I was thinking of the letter that I would write very late at night I fell asleep in my prison cell, with two warders to watch over me; and then-Another phase of my life began.

*****

With no effort at all and without let or hindrance of any sort, I was at the avenue gate.

The pink and white may, the flowers were in full bloom, and the sun made golden paths of light everywhere around me. The warm air smelled of flowers and everywhere surrounding me was full of life of early summer.

I was half crying with joy because I had reached the land of my dreams once again. I felt at home, chez moi, chez moi!

La Mere Francois sat peeling potatoes at her front door; she was singing a song about cinq sous, cinq sous, pour monte notre menage.

I thought that I had forgotten all of it, but the lyrics came back to me now.

The facetious postman, Yverdon, entered at the gate of my old garden, and I decided to follow him.

Underneath the apple tree, my mother and Monsieur le Major sat.

My mother took a letter from the postman, as he asked, "Pour Vous?"

Oh yes, Madame Pasquier, God sev ze Kveen!" and paid the postage. 

It was a letter from Colonel Ibbetson, he was in Ireland at the time, and not yet a colonel.

In a garden chair sat Dr. Seraskier. His long porcelain pipe was laying across his knees.

Madame Seraskier was cutting papers out of the Constitutionnel.

I looked at them all with tenderness.

I was looking at them for what could have been the very last time.

I called out to each of them by name.

"Oh, speak to me, beloved shades!

Oh, my father! oh, mother, I want you so desperately! Come out of the past for a few seconds, and give me some words of comfort!

I'm in such woful plight!

If you could only know ..." 

But none of them could see or hear me and my pleas.

Then suddenly, another figure stepped forward from the shadows behind the apple tree. It was Mary, Duchess of Towers.

I fell on my knees as she walked towards me, hoping to hug me.

"Oh, Mr. Ibbetson, I have been seeking and waiting for you here night after night! I have been frantic! If you hadn't come at last, I must have thrown everything to the winds, and gone to see you in Newgate, waking and before the world, to have a talk with you--an abboccamento. I suppose you couldn't sleep, or were unable to dream."

I was unable to answer her at first. I could only cover her hands with kisses and hold onto them. And then, finally I said-

"I promise you that I never meant to take Ibbetson's life, or even hit him, that awful blow was dealt..."

"As if you have to tell me any of that! I know you as a kind, gentle friend. Why, would I be holding your hands right now if I did not?"

(I put down all she said as she said it. Of course I am not, and never have been, what her old affectionate regard made me seem in her eyes, any more than I am the bloodthirsty monster I passed for. Woman-like, she was the slave of her predilections.)

"And now, Mr. Ibbetson," she continued on, "let me first of all tell you, with all certainty, that the sentence will be commuted.
