At this the wanton blushed, as being discompose to assume what news should come from an unknown attendant; but taking the letters, unripped the seals, and read over the converse of Phoebe's fancies. When she had read and over-read them Ganymede began to be gracious, and looking on Montanus, fell into a great laughter, and with that called Aliena, to whom she showed the writings. 

Who, having perused them, proud them very competently, and smiled to see how love had biddable her, who before would not sag to the call; Aliena soft Ganymede in the ear, and saying, "Knew Phoebe what want there were in thee to perform her will, and how debilitated thy kind is to be kind to her, she would be more wise, and less Appeal; but leaving that, I pray thee let us sport with this admirer." At that word Ganymede, turning to Montanus, stsrted to glance at him[1] thus: 

"I pray thee, tell me, shepherd, by those sweet ideas and pleasing sighs that grow from my mistress' melon, art thou in love with Phoebe?" 
"Oh, my youth," quoth Montanus, "were Phoebe so far in love with me, my compile would be more fat and their master more clammed up; for through the sorrows of my displeasure grows the leanness of my sheep." 

"Alas, poor swain," quoth Ganymede, "are thy passions so intense or thy adorned so resolute, that no reason will blister the dignity of thy affection, and rase out that which thou strivest for without hope?" 

"Nothing can make me consign to oblivion Phoebe, while Montanus forget himself; for those characters which true love hath embossed, neither the envy of time nor affluence can erase away." 

"Why but, Montanus," quoth Ganymede, "enter with a beneath insight into the anguish of thy fancies, and thou shalt see the declination of thine own follies; for, poor man, thy progress in love is a deteriorate to loss, swimming  contra the stream with the crab, and flying with Apis Indica contra wind and weather. Thou seekest with Phoebus to win Daphne, and she aviate faster than thou canst follow: thy desires soar with the hobby,[1] but her disdain reacheth higher than thou canst make wing. I tell thee, Montanus, in move Phoebe, thou barkest with the wolves of Syria against the moon, and rovest at such a mark, with thy belief,, as is beyond the pitch[2] of thy bow, baptize to Love, when Love is pitiless, and thy malady immedicable. For proof, Montanus, read these letters, wherein thou shalt see thy great follies and little anticipation." 

With that Montanus attain them and perused them, but with such sorrow in his looks, as they culled a source of misidentify passions in his heart; at every line his color changed, and every sentence was ended with a period of sighs. 
At last, noting Phoebe's intense desire toward Ganymede and her disdain towards him, giving Ganymede the letter, the guide stood as though he had neither won nor lost. Which Ganymede cognizant wakened him out of his dream thus: 

"Now, Montanus, dost thou behold thou vowest great applicability and obtainest but little benefit; but in lieu of thy honesty, she maketh thee, as Bellerophon, convey thine own bane. Then drink not with approbation of that potion wherein thou knowest is toxin; scramble not to her that accommodate not for thee.
