The linden tree, interspersed with evergreens different, are a bunch of beautiful and interesting about him. 
Beyond this, right, are the tombs of Grétry the composer, the great chemist Fourcroy, Fontenelle, Boileau, Racine and Miss Raucourt, the famous actress, whom the fanaticism of the clergy refused burial in consecrated ground in 1815! a circumstance which led to much outcry and dissatisfaction. 

It is surprising that after such events have occurred in France, the folly of denying the right of land dedicated to a comedian who have persevered in, after the restoration of Louis XVIII! 

Near the tomb of Mad'lle Raucourt, is one, which by its simplicity and modesty that affect, I found very compelling: in a small garden of roses and lilies, and amid some bushes reseda that seemed to have been freshly washed, had a column of marble, with the words as shown in the figure shows - an acacia tree's shadow rays the sun. In 1814, when the Allies approached Paris, the height, like the others in charge of the capital, was fortified and occupied by students of the Polytechnic, which was defended with great courage. The walls were perforated with holes for the guns: the marks are still visible where it has been since it was full. On March 30, 1814, this position was hit hard, with great slaughter on both sides: the attackers and the assaulted fell in heaps, and it was not until the main part of a body of Prussia (later he died from assault ) had been annihilated, gave the brave young men. 

The grave of my friend and director brother earlier, the brave and unfortunate Captain Wright, who was killed in the temple, is located on the Vaugirard cemetery. 

I had searched in vain in the Père la Chaise, where they reported that it had been buried. Has in it the following inscription, written in his memory by his comrade in arms, and in prison, the gallant Sir Sidney Smith: 

WRIGHT IS HERE exhumed John Wesley, by birth an Englishman, Captain of the Royal Navy 

Distinguished both among his own countrymen and foreigners to the skill and courage; 

Who, of the things that lead to the summit of glory, but nothing was missing an opportunity: 

His ancestors, whose virtues he inherited, was honored for his actions. 

Quick in apprehending his orders, active and bold in implementing them; 

In a modest success in signing odds, in doubtful enterprises, wise and prudent. 

successful career for a while, finally attacked by adverse winds, and in a hostile land, was captured; 

And shortly after being taken to Paris, was confined in the prison called the Temple, History of a crime of the murder of midnight and stiffer custody: 

However, in bonds, and suffering even more oppressive gravity, their fortitude and fidelity to his country remains unwavering. 

Shortly thereafter, was found in the morning with his throat cut. And dead in his bed: 

He died on October 28, 1805, 36. To lament for his country, Avenged by his God! 

The tower, or castle of Vincennes. 

This ancient fortress is located at the entrance of the Bois de Vincennes, (now reduced to a forest of small trees, large wood being cut during the revolution) and surrounded by a deep ditch of great width, about two miles from the Barrière du Trône. 

For many centuries had been the occasional residence of the kings of France. 

Philip of Valois, greatly increasing its size in 1337. 

John continued the work, and during his captivity in England, his son Charles, then regent of the kingdom, ended. 

During the reign of Charles VII. in 1422, Henry VI. England, died in the castle. 

From this time Vincennes became a royal residence until the reign of Louis XIV. when the monarch was set at Versailles, after which period it has never been used, but as a prison [13]. 

[Note 13: Monstrelet relates an interesting anecdote, during residence in the Castle of Vincennes of Isabeau of Bavaria, very illustrative of the barbarous customs of the time. "Lewis de Bourbon, he was handsome and well made, and had signs posted on several occasions, including in the Battle of Agincourt, spending the night, as usual, to visit the Queen, Isabeau of Bavaria, in the Castle Vincennes, he met with the King (Charles VI.), who greeted him, without a break or falling from his horse, but he kept galloping. 

The King of having collected, sorted Tanguí du Chatel, Prevost of Paris, to carry out, and confine in jail.
