A Linden tree is surrounded by evergreens, creating a lovely smell.
Over to the right side, there are the tombs of Gretry, a great musician, Fourcroy, a well known chemist, Boileau, Racine, and of Mademoiselle Raucourt.  Raucourt was a popular actress who was not allowed burial in consecrated ground in 1815 in accordance with a decision of the clergy.  Many were dissatisfied with the circumstances this created.  
Even after such controversy over the clergy's refusal to bury Raucourt, these decisions still continued after the restoration of Louis XVIII.  At that point the right of conscrated ground was denied to a comedian.

Near Raucourt's tomb is an unassuming gravesite, surrounded by roses, lillies, and tufts of well tended mignonette.  The memorial was a plain marble column shaded by an accacia and engraved with the following story.  The column marks the place where a number of students from the Paris Polytechnical School occupied the ground, in order to defend it from invading forces in 1814.  One can still see the marks on the surrounding walls made by the soldiers muskets.  The battle that occurred at the spot was very deadly, with many casualties on both sides.  The student-soldiers defeated many Prussian soldiers, but eventually surrendered.

In the cemetary at Vaugirard my childhood friend and fellow officer, Captain Wright, is buried.  He was murdered in the Temple after leading a brave life.

At first I had looked for his grave in Pere la Chaise, where I had heard he was buried.  All I found there was an inscription written about him by the great Sir Sidney Smith:

Here Lies Inhumed John Wesley Wright, by birth an Englishman, Captain in the British Navy.  He was distinguished by his felow Englishmen and by foreigners for his skill and bravery;

To them, he would have done anything demanded of him, should the opportunity arise.  

He honored the virtues of his ancestors with his actions.

He was quick and bold in understanding and executing orders;

If faced with success, he was modest.  In hard times he was persistent.  When things were uncertain, he was cautious and wise.

After having some success in his career, he was blown off course and captured on a hostile shore.

Soon after being taken to Paris, he was locked up in the prison known as the Temple, an infamously dangerous place.  He was placed under close guard there.

In his captivity and under influence of torture his patriotism and mental fortitude remained unquestionable.

After some short time, he was found one morning in his bed.  His throat had been slit.  He died on the 28th of October 1805, at the time, he was only 36 years old.  He will be mourned by his Nation, and Avenged by the grace of God.  

The Donjon, or Castle of Vincennes.

This ancient castle sits near the start of the forest of Vincennes.  What was once a forest is now reduced to a small wooded area after the timbers were put to use during the revolution.   The castle is surrounded by a wide, deep ditch, about two miles from the Barriere du Trone.  

Over the years, it was the informal home of the royalty of France.  

Philip de Valois build an extensive addition to the home in 1337.

John also built up the residence, and it was finally finished by Charles, son of John and regent of the kingdom.  

During the rule of Charles VII in 1422, Henry VI of England died in this same place.  

From that time, Vincennes was the royal home, until Louis XIV's reign began.  Of course he then occupied Versailles, and Vincennes became a prison.

[Footnote 13: Monstrelet tells an odd story of the time he spent living in the Castle of Vincennes of Isabeau de Baviere.  It is an example of the difficult and cruel standards of the time period.  "Lewis de Bourbon, who was an atttractive man, had several times distinguished himself at the battle of Agincourt.  On one evening he went to visit Queen Isabeau de Baviere, at the Castle of Vincennes, as was the custom.  Bourbon met King Charles VI, and saluted him without getting off of his horse or even stopping.  When the king remembered the incident he ordered Tangui du Chatel, the prevost of Paristo find the young man and put him in jail.
