The linden tree, intermixed with various evergreens, form an interesting and beautiful bouquet around it. 

Beyond this, to the right, are the tombs of Grétry the composer, Fourcroy the great chemist, Fontenelle, Boileau, Racine, and of Mademoiselle Raucourt, the celebrated actress, to whom the bigotry of the clergy refused burial in consecrated ground in 1815! a circumstance which gave rise to much clamour and dissatisfaction. 

It is surprising, that after such events as have been experienced in France, the folly of denying the right of consecrated ground to a comedian should have been persevered in, after the restoration of Louis XVIII! 

Close to the tomb of Mad'lle Raucourt, is one, which for its affecting simplicity and modesty, struck me very forcibly: in a little garden of roses and lilies, and amidst some tufts of mignonette which appeared to have been newly watered, stood a plain marble column, with the words as represented in the annexed sketch--an accacia shaded it from the sun's rays. In 1814, when the Allies approached Paris, this height, like the others commanding the capital, was fortified, and occupied by the students of the Polytechnical School, who defended it with great gallantry. The walls were perforated with holes for the musketry: the marks are still visible where they have been since filled up. On the 30th of March, 1814, this position was vigorously attacked, with great slaughter on both sides: the assailants and the assailed fell in heaps, and it was not until the chief part of a Prussian corps, (that afterwards carried it by assault) had been annihilated, that the brave youths gave way. 

The tomb of my early friend and brother officer, the brave and unfortunate Captain Wright, who was murdered in the Temple, is in the cemetery of Vaugirard. 

I had searched for it in vain at Père la Chaise, where it was reported he had been buried. It has on it the following inscription, written to his memory by his companion in arms, and in imprisonment, the gallant Sir Sidney Smith: 

HERE LIES INHUMED JOHN WESLEY WRIGHT, BY BIRTH AN ENGLISHMAN, CAPTAIN IN THE BRITISH NAVY 

Distinguished both among his own Countrymen and Foreigners For skill and courage; 

To whom, Of those things which lead to the summit of glory, Nothing was wanting but opportunity: 

His ancestors, whose virtues he inherited, He honoured by his deeds. 

Quick in apprehending his orders, Active and bold in the execution of them; 

In success modest, In adverse circumstances firm, In doubtful enterprises, wise and prudent. 

Awhile successful in his career; At length assailed by adverse winds, and on an hostile shore, He was captured; 

And being soon after brought to Paris, Was confined in the prison called the Temple, Infamous for midnight murders, And placed in the most rigid custody: 

But in bonds, And suffering severities still more oppressive, His fortitude of mind and fidelity to his country Remained unshaken. 

A short time after, He was found in the morning with his throat cut. And dead in his bed: 

He died the 28th October, 1805, aged 36. To be lamented by his Country, Avenged by his God! 

THE DONJON, OR CASTLE OF VINCENNES. 

This ancient fortress is situate at the entrance of the forest of Vincennes, (now reduced to a wood of small trees, the large timber having been cut down during the revolution) and surrounded by a deep ditch of great width, about two miles from the Barrière du Trône. 

During many ages, it had been the casual residence of the sovereigns of France. 

Philip de Valois added considerably to its dimensions in 1337. 

John continued the works, and during his captivity in England, Charles his son, then regent of the kingdom, finished it. 

During the reign of Charles VII. in 1422, Henry VI. of England died in this castle. 

From this time Vincennes became a royal residence, until the reign of Louis XIV. when that monarch fixed himself at Versailles, from which period it has never been used but as a prison[13]. 

[Footnote 13: Monstrelet relates a curious anecdote, during the residence at the Castle of Vincennes of Isabeau de Bavière, strongly illustrative of the barbarous manners of those times. "Lewis de Bourbon, who was handsome and well made, and had signalized himself upon various occasions, and amongst others at the battle of Agincourt, going one night, as was customary, to visit the Queen, Isabeau de Bavière, at the Castle of Vincennes, met the King (Charles VI.); he saluted him, without either stopping or alighting from his horse, but continued galloping on. 

The King having recollected him, ordered Tangui du Chatel, prévost of Paris, to pursue, and to confine him in prison.
