Under other circumstances might have lived in the grace of society and throw around the influence of virtue, taste and education. But she was doomed to fall as the flower of the tree. 
(From the Table of junk, a nice volume of sketches, published in Boston, North America.) 

[2] His Majesty today, William IV. 

* * * * * 

Spirit of discovery. 

* * * * * 

VALLEY poisoned. 

At the Meeting of the Royal Geographical Society, held in the ult 28., A considerable interest was aroused by an extract of a letter from Mr. Alexander Loudon, presented to the Society of John Barrow, Esq. 

The letter contains an account of a visit to a small valley on the island of Java, which is particularly notable for its destructive power, in a very short space of time the life of man or an animal exposed to the atmosphere. 

Far only three miles from Batur, Java, and on July 4, Mr. Loudon, with a group of friends set out on a visit to it. It is known Guevara Upas, or poisoned Valley, and following a path that had been made for the purpose, the party will soon be reached with a couple of dogs and some poultry for the purpose of experiments .- "To reach the mountain to the party dismounted, and climbed the hillside, at a distance of a quarter mile, with the assistance of tree branches and roots of projection. 

As a result of the heavy rain had fallen in the night, this became more difficult, and caused a lot of fatigue. When a few meters from the valley, a strong, foul odor was experienced sweltering, but the closer the margin was not the problem as they are. The scene now presented is described as the most terrible nature. The valley is a half mile round, oval, about 30 to 35 feet deep. The bottom appeared to be flat with no vegetation, and a few large stones scattered here and there .-- The attention of the party was drawn immediately to the number of skeletons of humans, tigers, wild boars, deer, and all kinds of birds and wildlife, which was about in profusion. 

The floor on which lay at the bottom of the valley, seemed to be a substance of hard sand, and not perceived the steam it, or any opening that might escape, and the walls were covered with vegetation. 

It is now proposed to enter it, and each of the parties, after having lit a cigarette, got within twenty feet of the bottom, where they experienced a nauseous stench, without any difficulty in breathing. A dog was tied near the end of a bamboo and drive up the valley, while some of the parties, with their watches in their hands, observe the effects. At the expiration of fourteen seconds, the dog fell off the legs without moving or looking around, and continued with life only eighteen minutes. The other dog left the party and went to his neighbor, get to it, there was standing still, and the final ten seconds he fell, he did not move their limbs after and lived only seven minutes. A chicken was released now that he died in a minute and a half, and another was released after he died in the space of a minute and a half. 

A downpour of rain fell during the time that these experiments are going forward, which, by the nature of interesting experiments, was very much in mind. 

On the opposite side of the valley which was visited, lay a human skeleton, his head resting on his right arm. The effects of long bones were bleached white as ivory. Two hours passed in this valley of death, and the party had some difficulty getting out of it due to the rain that had fallen. The human skeletons are supposed to be those of the rebels, who have carried out from the main road, and taken refuge in the valley without the knowledge of the danger they were exposing themselves well .-- (The effects, as described here are identical to those of the Grotto of the Dog, in Naples, and no doubt derive from the same cause These seem more strange in an open valley;. but the noxious air in the cave is so strong that it can stand without discomfort , as it rises, but a few inches above the surface) -. Morning Chronicle. 

* * * * * 

CHOLERA .-- STEAM BATH. 

(For the editor.) 

As you know that a variety of resources and is given by cholera morbus, and as the external application of heat, either by friction, or water or steam, is one of the most effective means to stop the fatal termination of that terrible disease, perhaps the following description of a steam bath can claim a place in the mirror: - 

It is generally known in England, the settlers in remote parts of North America they use the following simple way of acquiring a steam bath.
