The Toxic Valley

John Barrow submitted a letter from Mr. Alexander Loudon to Royal Geographical Society on 28th Ult. which generated a lot of excitement. 

It recounted a visit to a small island in Java on which there is a strange valley that quicly killed any animal or even man that came near it.

On 4th of July, Mr. Loudon and friends went to the valley which was 3 miles from Batur (Java). The valley is called Guevo Upas in local language which translates to "Toxic Valley". The team had taken along some animals like dogs and birds for experimentation. To get down to the valley, the team had to climb down the slope of a mountain for about a quarter mile holding onto the branches and roots growing from the side of the mountian. 

The climbing down was very tiring and difficult because it had rained the previous night. A strong overpowering and disgusting smell could be felt even a few yards from the valley. But as the team approached the edge of the valley, the smell disappeared. The valley could be seen clearly and it was of elleptical shape and was about 35 feet deep. The bottom of the valley was flat with only a few stones and on it could be found an assortment of skeletons (of humans, tigers, boars and other animals and even birds) scattered around. There were no plants growing at the bottom.  

The ground at the bottom was hard and covered by some sort of sand. No gases could be felt coming out of it. No openings were visible in the ground. Also since the sides of the valley were covered with vegetation, no gases were coming out from the sides of the valley also. 

The team entered the valley after each lighting a cigar and without any difficulty in breathing reached upto 20 free of the bottom. They could smell the sickly nauseous gas here. Now a dog was tied to a bamboo and lowered toward the bottom. It fell down without looking around in fourteen seconds and died after eighteen minutes. Another dog went near the first dog and fell down in ten seconds and died after seven minutes. Two fowls thrown one after the other died in one and half minutes.

A heavey rain was pouring but its effect was ignored as the experiments were very interesting. 

A human skeleton lay on the other side of the valley. It had turned white as the climate had bleached it. The human skeletons were thought to be of the rebles who had entered the valley to possibly tried to hide from the main road and had not known the danger in the valley. Due to the rain, the team had some difficulty in coming out of the valley. The cause of the nauseous gas was thought to be same as that of the Grotto del Cane, at Naples. The difference is that in Grotto del Cane, the gases stay only a few inches above the surface, so that one can stand without smelling the nauseous gases. --Morning Chronicle.
