It was very obvious that no one knew yet about us owning a vast window-box. 

"I'll leave you here," I said whilst smoking a cigar. I dipped into the catalogue again, "and purchase something.

It is marked in the catalogue at one-and-sixpence (very cheap) which means they will probably offer the nine-shilling size first. 

But I will resist and stand my ground. Good-bye."

I purchased one and returned to her with my new purchase. 

"No, not right now," I said, as she held out her hand expectingly. "Wait until we arrive at our destination."

We cruised through the tents, it was much less warm out now, chatting to the stall-keeper whenever we came to geraniums.

At the orchid we were adamant against. "Of course," I proclaimed, "for those who enjoy orchid-----" and went back to the geraniums. 

The afternoon was quite fascinating. 

"Now!" 
I yelled with such drama in my voice. I unveiled what I bought and placed it in the center of our newly forged garden.

"Whatever---"

"A slug-trap."

"But how is it that slugs could get here?" Celia asked.

"How do slugs get anywhere?

They climb up wall. Sometimes they come up in the lift, or the wind blows them. I don't have a clue."
They can fly; but however it is I am ready to find them."

Our slug-trap will surely come in handy. 

It doesn't matter that much, us gardeners desire rain. 

******


The Tandem.

"The winner was Mr. E. Williams, Mr. C. Williams finished second."

Liverpool Evening Express.

If Mr. C had insisted on getting the front seat he probably would have been the winner. 

* * * * *

"Wanted as soon as possible, experienced pressers for ladies' waists."

Advt. in "Montreal Daily Star."

Don Juan, forward.

* * * * *

NOT TO BE CAUGHT.

* * * * *

DRASTIC REFORM OF SCHOOLS.

Remarkable Speech.

No mention was made of Mr. Alfred Dunstanley's motion last Thursday, under the ten-minutes rule, for leave to bring the Reform of Public Schools in his Bill. That omission we are now able to make good, thanks to the enterprise of a news reporter who was there during the debate. 

Mr. Dunstanley claims he has no intention in annihilating public schools. But he is positive reform must happen to extricate anomalies that deter schools from progressing. The Bill said  pending the extinction of the hereditary peerage, peers or peers' sons, if they insisted on going to public schools, should be segregated and kept in a state of perpetual coventry. It was not advisable that the healthy sons of our democracy should fraternize with those affluent children. The Bill did not send them to their death but insisted they pay higher fees.

Mr. Dunstanley does not hate titled individualss. But the facts were against them. Again, baronets were almostdepicted in colours by the best novelists. In short their presence at our public schools could not be tolerated, as even the children of good Radicals were not immune to the danger of snobbery
