In the first, between two Ionic columns of three quarters, were the real weapons, and both sides were the City and Sir Thomas, on the north side, but not exactly in the center, rose a Corinthian column of about same height of the tower forehead crowned with the grasshopper. In all other respects similar to South, from which the engraving is a preview. 
More from the gallery were stores, which rose by two staircases in the north and south. Above the stairs were about [1] a hundred shops, ranging from 2-3/4 to 20 feet wide and forming a kind of bazaar, then called the Pawn. These stores, the first two or three years has not met the expectations of its founder, for such was the force of habit, the merchants, despite all the inconveniences attending Lombard street, could not be induced to use the new shopping center. 

[1] From the Vestry old book belonging to SanMichael also learn the rents of the shops, which were at first only forty shillings, in the course of a few years rose to four marks, pounds after four, and then the fire that is left ten shillings per foot. 

The building had been opened two or three years, when the Queen signified their intention to pay an inspection visit, but many shops remain vacant, Sir Thomas found it necessary to turn retailers and ask them to "provide and goods and garnish with wax lights, in Shoppes until it is or may woulda, and have all supplied in this form of free rent for yeare. " - Stowe. 

His Majesty the appointed day (January 23, 1570), having dinner with the founder, in his house in Bishopsgate Street, again by way of Cornhill, and entered the south side and have seen that expressed very happy, and with the national spirit which so eminently his distinguished, ordered that instead of foreign name bag, in which citizens had begun to call it, should be styled, in plain English - the real exchange - which was proclaimed by the sound of the trumpet: - 

"Proclaim through every street in the city, this place no longer called Burse;! But since the building is stunning, right, and strange, either call ever - The Royal Exchange" [2] 

[2] The second part of "Queen Elizabeth problems" - a play by Mr. T. Heywood, 1609. 

The building could not have been very important, because by entering the room Wardbook of Cornhill, we find that in 1581, not fourteen years after its completion, some of the arches of the gallery were in a situation of insecurity, and the lives of passing under the traders were in danger. 

And even more - in 1603 another entry states that the east and north walls were also in poor condition, so he continued trying to repair even more, in which the Company Mercers' spent large sums of money, until it was destroyed in entirely in the Great Fire of 1666. 

Sir Thomas Gresham, by his will, he left the building, his house in Bishopsgate Street, the firm of Mercer and the Corporation of London, in common trust: the house as a university, and the products of the Exchange to pay, firstly, the salaries of teachers and other college expenses, and secondly, of certain quantities to different hospitals, prisons and houses charities. 

Such was the origin of the Royal Exchange. After its destruction in 1666, funds in the hands of Sir Thomas Gresham trustees amounted to no more than £ 234. 8s. 2d., But with a spirit beyond all praise, who contributed their own resources the amount needed to rebuild the stock, which was completed and opened September 28, 1669, the total cost of £ 58,962 that, which City Corporation and the Company Mercers' borne equally between them. 

Since that period it has undergone several repairs, but a more complete and important was started in 1820 under the direction of Mr. Geo. Smith, architect of the firm Mercer, the estimated cost of which was nearly £ 33,000, and stairs in the north, south and west have been built of stone, at a cost of around £ 6,000.
