Mrs Combermere's equipage drove up to Mr Norman's door, while Miss Ward was out. accompanied by Mr Newton, that large lady and her daughter Bell made their way up the stairs to Mrs Norman's drawing room.

whenever Mrs Combermere honoured Cary with a call
there was an apparent kindness and a feeling of surprise.Mrs Combermere thought she was significant,  and used to brag about how needed she was to people 
whom she termed to be lower ranked than herself.

But the matter of fact is that Cary lost her social status, which she had received with a calm state of mind without any thought for the present. which on Bob created alas the wanted outcome;
we are unable to decide if it was Mrs Combermere's
shouting and praising of himself or Mr Newton's assumption of superiority, that made her to pollute herself or think twice.

Bab started to feel guilt and shame of staying in pentonville and was no longer herself, when Mr Newton told her about Belgravia.
  
moving silently into the room in the middle of Mr Newton's explanation of a beautiful place was Miss Ward, returning from a trip of buying things.
the place belonged to a good friend he stayed with for sometime, who had great joy of meeting Mrs Combermere.

Miss Ward in a soft voice close to John Blomfield's ears told him his way of narrating was in vivid details, and was surprised he was in this company?

John Newton also known as John Blomfield, was shocked, and was looking out of surprise and worry
at the person that walked in.

fighting against his will he exclaimed to Miss Ward,
not to say a word, that he was on to it in an instant!

pointing to the door lofty was Miss Ward telling John Blomfield  to carry on but with precaution.
how dare you enter a gentleman's house uninvited again.

losing all confidence, sad and disappointed. the young man and also a dear friend of Lady Mary Manvers did not need to be asked the second time as he moved down the stairs in haste and vanished out the front door, which was shut firmly after him
