Therefore, a welcoming atmosphere is placed over a teapot. 
In the use of a kitchen without fire, the food is heated in the oven until the cooking has begun, and then placed in the kitchen without fire - a sealed container in which food is completely surrounded by an insulating material to prevent Quick exhaust heat, which thus remains in the food in sufficient quantity to complete cooking. 

Sometimes, when a higher cooking temperature is desired, an additional source of heat in the form of a soap stone or brick or a hot iron plate, as a stove top, put in pot with food. 

The same principle is also used in cooking in other ways. For example, in the field of life are often baked beans for the night to bury the pots on hot stones and ashes, the whole covered with earth, and the "clam bake" in the Atlantic Coast, the spread of wet seaweed over the coals in clams prevents the escape of heat during cooking. 

Farmers in some parts of Europe are said to start cooking their meals and then put them in boxes of hay or between feather beds, so the kitchen can be completed while the family is absent in the fields. 

The main advantages of using the kitchen without fire are: 

1. It saves fuel, especially gas, oil or electric heaters are used. Where coal or wood is the fuel, the fire in the frequency range is to keep most of the day, and fuel economy is not as great. In the summer, or when the kitchen fire is not needed for heating, dinner can be started in the kitchen in the early morning, and then placed in the pot without fire, the fire in the range that is allowed to leave . 

During hot weather, use a kerosene heater or other fuel and a kitchen without fire is a great convenience, as it not only achieves fuel savings, but helps keep the kitchen cooler. 

The fuel savings resulting from the use of a kitchen without fire is greater in the preparation of foods such as stews, which require long, slow cooking. 

2. Save time. Food cooked in this way does not require observation, and may be left without danger of fire or over-cooking, while other tasks are carried out or the family away from home. 

3. It retains the flavor of food and makes it easier to use the cheaper cuts of meat that, despite not having such a good texture and flavor, are fully as nutritious, pound for pound, as the most expensive cuts. long cooking at a relatively low temperature, as given to food in the kitchen without fire, improves the taste and texture of these tougher cuts of meat.

Most people do not cook enough grain. By this method, the cereal can be prepared at night, cooked in the oven for about fifteen minutes, and then put into the pot without fire. 

Evening to be cooked and ready to be served. 

Cooking without fire can be used to advantage in the preparation of the following: soups, roasts, stew beef; Irish stew, lamb stew, corned beef and cabbage, ham, baked beans, stewed chicken, vegetables, like turnips, carrots, turnips, beets, pulses such as peas and beans, and nuts, as peaches, apples, apricots and prunes, cereals and desserts. 

Kitchens without fire is described in the following pages are not experiments. All have been tested and found to be most practical. 

COOKING INSTRUCTIONS without fire - NO. I 

While there are many good cooking without fire in the market that cost five "Twenty dollars, depending on size and composition, it is possible to build a home kitchen, which give very satisfactory results and is much cheaper than one that is bought in stores. 

Materials needed: A box or a container out of others, and some good insulation or packing; a container inside the boiler, or a lining for the nest in which to place the pot, a pot for holding food, and a cushion or pad of insulating material to cover the top of the boiler. OUTER CONTAINER 

For the dumpster outside a well-built wooden box, as shown in Figure 39, is satisfactory. The walls must be thick and non-conductive material. An old trunk, a small barrel or a large butter or lard Firkin or tin will serve the purpose. Another possibility is a galvanized iron bucket with a tight cover to the body (this has the advantage of being fireproof.) A shoe box 15 by 15 by 28 inches in size is convenient because it can be divided into two compartments.
