The urge to introduce regular seminary courses in applied philanthropy can be quickened by having an experienced direction in the charity done in church which is the need of the religious worshippers.


1] "Charities Review," Vol.

II, pp. 26 sq.

[2] "Occasional Papers of the London Charity Organization Society," p. 35.

[3] Miss Pickton in London "Charity Organization Review," Vol. X, p. 538.

{179}

CHAPTER XI

A Cordial Guest

I have tried to make a number of definite recommendations in the following pages, but it is pointless to say that few of these would be useful to one guest , and if the same is applied to the rest of the kins it would be dangerous.

In the effort to be accurate ,I doubt that i may be as irritating as the recipe-books, which in a same fashion recommends, "take  salamander," or "take a slip of endive," where both of them are not attainable.Recipe-books have their own economical advantages, however , and the chefs who are most professional in neglecting recipes that are not proposed for them will turn the others to the first-class account.

In desisting the possibility of showing affectionate visiting as a delightful divergence, I may have gone unreasonable, and displayed it somewhat troublesome and painstaking profession.

An experienced visiting cannot be friendly.
Friendly visiting is not the same as been illustrated in this book.It is not a knowledgeable proposition of contenment ; it is not getting an occupation;it is not sending the kids to an institution  or laying a foundation for work; it is not for increasing a healthy system and care for the sick; it is not teaching to be hygienic or reasonable in cooking and purchasing; it  is not emphasizing habits of saving or supporting wholesome entertainment. It may be some of these or the entire thing, but there is always something extra. Cordial visiting means closeness and prolonged acquaintance of and understanding  with a poor family’s merriment, unhappiness, conception, intelligence and the whole view about life. The guest that has this is implausible to commit mistake about satisfaction or any specification; without it he is practically trustworthy, in any philanthropic association with the family members , to commit mistake severely. Guest have said that they have not been of any help to certain families with whom they are very affectionate and this made them to visit again and again. These guests {181} who have no narration are the ones who  have repeatedly done the distinguished deed. "One of the women we had not seen since she first came to us some four years before," writes Miss Frances Smith, "and we remembered her surely as quite common then.

Just apprehend our revelation in finding that a certain significance and perseverance, corresponding  to that of the guest, had crept into this lady's life, and found expression in her face and attitude. Such changes cannot take place in a few weeks or months; they are of slow advancement, but they are the best prize for understanding." [1]
The accolade of affectionate visiting and the best outcomes of such toil are definitely not dependent upon the recommendations of a handbook.
