Feron and Hale, the two priests whose conversation was heard in Zion, were placed in the trial, at the same time. The last two were thrown to the mercy of the court. A guilty verdict was returned against the other four. The sentence was the usual penalty of high treason. Feron was forgiven, and I can not find on what counts. Hale and Carthusians were to suffer together. 
When Haughton heard the phrase, which simply said: "This is the view of the world." [434] 

Sidenote [: 4 May. 

Implementation.] 

[Footnote: This was the gallows in their habits.] 

A five-day interval was allowed after the trial. On May 4, the execution took place at Tyburn, in circumstances that marked the occasion with a peculiar significance. The punishment in cases of high treason was terrible. No need to dwell on how it. The English were a people hard and fierce; and these poor victims of the law of the land took its course without interference or relief. Yet another feature distinguishes the current run. For the first time in the history of English church were carried out to suffer in their habits, without undergoing the previous ceremony of degradation. Since then the world knows, that as no secret to protect traitors, so that the sacred office should take so little, and hit harder than had yet been received so it was superstition, trembling by their place in the minds of all men the key stone of the whole system. 

[Footnote: Haughton dies first.] 

[Footnote: The Council urges the other to submit, but in vain.] 

For last-minute escape was left open, where the prisoners are presented. 

Several council members who attended the final scene, a last effort of kindness, but had chosen his course, and did not move it. 

Haughton, as first in the standings, had the privilege of dying first. When on the scaffold, according to custom, spoke a few simple words touch people. 

"I call to witness to God Almighty," he said, "and all good people, and I beg all of you here to bear witness to me on the day of the trial, to be here to die, say is not stubborn spirit of rebellion that do not obey the king, but because I have fear of offending the majesty of God. Our Holy Mother the Church has decreed otherwise the king and parliament have enacted, and therefore, instead of disobeying the Church I am prepared to suffer. Pray for me and have mercy on my brothers, whom I have been unworthy of art. " Then he knelt down, repeating the opening verses of Psalm 31 [435] and after a few moments he gave to the executioner. The others remained undaunted. One by one, went to his death, the council in each show fresh horrible, urged survivors to feel sorry for themselves, but urged them in vain. The faces of these men do not turn pale, their voices not shake, pleaded vassal king's subjects, and obedient children of the holy Church;. "Thank God they were held worthy to suffer for the truth" [436 ] all died without a murmur.
