It is easy to give one or two significant and starting illustrations of this fact--significant and startling in other respects than in enabling than in enabling us to see pretty clearly through the currency-cobwebs industriously woven from time to time amongst us.

All the money in the thee kingdoms, the whole circulating medium of the realm--gold, silver,copper,paper--does not certainly exceed, if it reaches, which is very doubtful, the national revenue for one year, to say nothing of local rates and burdens! And it would,moreover,require all the money circulating in Great Britain and Ireland, including notes to the last farthing, to pay for the spirits, beer, and tobacco consumed annually by the people of the United Kingdom!

The note-issue of the Bank of England are about L.19,000,000; its reserve in gold and silver, as we have seen, is upwards of L.14,000,000 sterling: these amounts added together would no more than about discharge the alcohol and weed score of the country for little more than seven months!

Lightning-flashes these, that throw vivid gleams over the industrial activity,resources, powers,plague-spots of this mighty, restless, enterprising,but far from sufficiently instructed or disciplined British people.

But let us enter the great money-temple. Very imposing to me has always appeared the army of clerks seated in saturnine silence at the desks, or gliding with grave celerity about the place, and variously employed in balancing enormous accounts, shoveling up heaps of sovereigns, receiving and distributing bank-paper of vast value as coolly and unconcernedly as if engaged in counting out so many chestnuts. A strange feeling must, I suspect, perturb the mind of a newly-appointed clerk amidst all that astounding wealth, until the genius of the place has so molded his thoughts and perceptions, that he has come to regard himself as but one of the dumb and dead parts of a mighty machine,over whose action he has no more control than he has over the courses of the stars.

All these issue, cheque,gold,bullion departments, with their numerous busy officials,are in truth but the husk and body of the establishment. They by whose will and breath it is animated and directed are nowhere at this hour to be seen. They met on this as on every other morning in their hall of inquisition-- the Bank parlor-- and decided there, without appeal, without reasons assigned,in the absence of the parties whose commercial reputation was trebling in the balance, upon the course of financial action to be pursued, and upon whose paper should or should not be discounted.

A terrible stoke, sharper than a dagger could inflict, politely,blandly as it is performed,is that which falls upon a merchant for the first time informed that the Bank must decline to discount his bills! The announcement is usually received as smilingly as it is made. 'It is a matter of very slight consequence, etcetera;'but if you had been near enough,you might have noticed, as the clerk did,the quiver of the lip beneath that sickly smile, and that the face was as white  as the rejected paper the merchant's  trembling fingers were replacing in his pocket-book.

And no wonder that he should be thus agitated, for the refusal has, he well knew, thrust him down the first steps of the steep and slippery descent,at the bottom of which lies bankruptcy--ruin!But these are ordinary downfalls. by the wrecks of which the busy  haunts of commercial enterprise are paved; and we have other places to look in at. Before leaving the Bank, however, let us step a few paces to the left of the chief entrance.

Now who would believe that in the very midst of this Mammon-temple, where space is of incalculable value, a large plot of greensward should have been jealously preserved, from which spring two fine elms,that from out the heat and turmoil of the place lift up their fresh leaves to the sky--bright,waving leaves,that as often as the sun kisses them, laugh out in sparking triumph over the heated, anxious,jaded toilers and schemers below? Yes so it is.
