It's easy to give one or two significant and surprising illustrations of this fact - a significant and surprising, in other aspects as we can see very clearly through the coin painstakingly woven webs from time to time between us.

All the money in the three kingdoms, the money supply in the whole kingdom - gold, silver, copper, paper - no doubt overcome, if it comes, it is very doubtful, national income a year, to say nothing of fees local and loads! And it would also require all the money circulating in Britain and Ireland, including the notes to the last cent to pay for alcohol, beer and snuff consumed annually by the people in the UK!

In the note, the Bank of England issues are about L.19, 000.000, its gold and silver reserves, as we have seen, is more than L.14, 000 000 pounds sterling: these amounts are added would only be on the cancellation of scores of alcohol and weed in the country for just over seven months!

These lightning, throwing sparks alive on industrial activity, resources, skills, plague-spots of this powerful, restless, enterprising, but far from being sufficiently trained or disciplined British people.

But get into the big money-temple. Very impressive to me has always seemed the army of employees sitting in sullen silence at the counters, or severe rapidly sliding over the place, and different ways used in the huge account balance, shoveling up piles of sovereigns, reception and distribution of bank paper of great value in the same coldness and indifference, as if participating in the count so many chestnuts. A strange feeling, I suspect, disturb the minds of half of all newly appointed secretary of the staggering wealth, until the genius of the place has shaped his thoughts and perceptions, which has come to be regarded as least one of the dumb and parts killed in a powerful machine, over whose action has no control over what has over the course of the stars.

All of these problems, check, gold bullion department, with its officials held numerous, are in truth but the shell and the body of establishment. They by whose will and the breath is animated and directed nowhere to be seen this time. They met in this as in any other morning in his room of the Inquisition - the room of the Bank - and decided that, without appeal, without reasons assigned in the absence of trading partners whose reputation was trembling in the balance, over the course of action financial pursued, and whose role should or should not be discarded.

A terrible blow, sharper than a sword could inflict, politely, gently, as it is done is that which falls on a merchant for the first time, reported that the Bank should refrain from off your scores! The announcement was generally received as smiling as they do. "It's a matter of very slight consequence, etc.," but if it was close enough, you may have noticed, since the Secretary did, the trembling lip beneath that sickly smile, and his face was as white as the paper rejected the merchant trembling fingers were replaced in their portfolio.

And it is not surprising that he should therefore troubled by the negative is he well knew, pushed him down the first steps of the steep and slippery slope, at the bottom of which is the bankruptcy - the ruin! However, these falls are normal, the remains of which the busy haunts of the trading company are paved, and we have to look elsewhere for less. Before leaving the Bank, however, we pass a few steps to the left of the main entrance.

Now who would believe that in the midst of this Mammon-temple, where space is of incalculable value, a large plot of grass should have been jealously preserved, from which spring two elms well that from the heat and agitation Instead of raising their fresh leaves to the sky - bright, stirring the leaves, which as often as the sun kisses, laughter in the win over the sparkling pool, operated anxious, tired and intriguing below? However, it is.
