He had two reasons that worried him about the room, the books in the shelves untouched and his mother’s work-basket kept there.  These things reminded of the happy day in spring during March.  The clattering noise of the ice that had melted the gush of water, the sound of canary singing, all came to his mind.  Even at this sad time, these made him feel happy, as they brought the image of his mother and Violet who was warm hearted.  He felt miserable now at the time of retreat than the time he had to go away.  There is only silence and absence which made him feel terrible. How he wanted to hear someone speak! Or at least some noise! And now he had the letter Violet had written.  He was not wholly willing to read for fear that it might not be for him, which proved wrong.

It was for Harry.  It started addressing Harry by his name, and it had enquired whether he knew that she loved him, Ernest.  As I thought he was better than us both.  Violet thinks that she had pitied herself and Harry, which she thought to be love for him.  She was doubtless about her love for Ernest all the time.  Violet also adds that she understood her love for him and also that though Ernest is famous and successful, yet he was unsatisfied, for people with talents aspire for more always.  Now he is at the verge of death and he is asking for violet.

As a brother Harry will never be able to deny him the things he desires.  Will Harry now let Violet go to him?  She also adds, “Now that you are benevolent and kind-hearted, I am asking you to forgive me and also show mercy upon me, and I am sure to get them as well.”
and finishes the letter by signing her name, "VIOLET." 

Harry came into the room, as Ernest was shaken by the letter and trying to understand what it meant.   Ernest was very worried for his brother, who was already suffering from the distress.  Harry had gathered himself and spoke with an intense look in his face.

He started saying that he should have revealed the truth that the fact that Violet loved him came to his understanding when she left.  He knew that she loved Ernest.  Though she loved him, she pitied Harry and this she thought was love.  When he came to say that Violet is all his and should live with him in the warm Italian Place, it was already late.  He also adds “Since I failed to act fast, I have brought sorrow upon myself. Violet belongs to you now.”  He also confesses his terrible, evil, self-seeking happiness which he felt at the moment of loss.
