{SN: Conserue.} Saffron and Licoras yields  Preserues and maybe  Conserues. These ornaments to your health and aid in sickness, and a good helpe to your friend, and to your purse.
He that will not be moued with such vnspeakable profits, is well worthy to want, when others abound in plenty of good things.

Containing Rules for Hearbs and Seedes of common vse, with their times and seasons, when to set and sow them.

{SN: Dry.} {SN: Hops.} The soil of an Orchard and Garden, differ onely in these many points: The Gardens soyle would be somewhat dryer, because hearbes being more tender then trees, can neither abide moisture nor drought, in such excessiue measure, as trees; and therefore hauing a dryer soyle, the remedy is easie against dryness, if need be: water soundly, which may be done with small batches , and this is the cause (if they know it) that Gardners raise their squares: but if moysture trouble you, I see no remedy without a generall danger, except in Hops, which delight much in a low and sappy earth.

If a garden soyle be not cleere of weedes, and namely, of grasse, the hearbes shall neuer thriue: for how should good hearbes prosper, when euill weeds waxe so fast: considering good hearbes are tender in respect of euill weedes.


{SN: Plaine.} Also, the soyle of a Garden would be plain and at least one square  the reason: the earth of a garden wanting such helpes, as should stay the water, which an orchard hath, and the rootes of hearbes being short, and not able to fetch their liquor from the bottome, are more annoyed by drought, and the soyle being mellow and loose, is soone either washt away, or sends out his heart by too much drenching and washing.


Gardens haue small place in comparison, and therefore may be more easily be fallowed, at the least one halfe yeare before, and the better dressed after it is framed.

And you shall finde that cleane keeping doth not onely auoide danger of gathering weedes, but also is a speciall ornament, and leaues more plentifull sap for your tender hearbes.

I cannot see in any sort, how the site of the one should not be good, and fit for the other: The ends of both being one, good, wholesome, and much fruit ioyned with delight, vnlesse trees be more able to abide the nipping frostes than tender hearbes: but I am sure, the flowers of trees are as soone perished with cold, as any hearbe except Pumpions, and Melons.


 The number of formes, Mazes and Knots is so great, and men are so diuersly delighted, that I leaue euery House-wife to her self, especially seeing to set downe many, had bene but to fill much paper; yet lest I depriue her of all delight and direction, let her view these few, choyse, new formes, and note this generally, that all plots are square, and all are bordered about with Priuit, Raisins, Fea-berries, Roses, Thorne, Rosemary, Bee-flowers, Isop, Sage, or such like.  Let that which is sayd in the Orchards forme, suffice for a garden in generall: but for speciall formes in squares, they are as many, as there are diuices in Gardners braines. Neither is the wit and art of a skilfull Gardner in this poynt not to be commended, that can worke more variety for breeding of more delightsome choyce, and of all those things, where the owner is able and desirous to be satisfied.
