{SN: Conserue.} Saffron yeeld him much Conserues Spirits and Preserues are decorations for your party, the health of your sickness, and a well Helpe his friend, and your wallet. 
The non-profit vnspeakable moued with such, is worthy of love, when others abound in a lot of good things. 

CHAP. 17. 

Ornaments. 

{SN:.} Mazes and Labyrinths serve framed height, maybe your friend can roam in the gathering of fruit, until they can recouer Himself without your help. 

{SN:. } Looke through Chapter 5, and see the form of a conduit. 

If two or more, not amiss. 

FINIS. 

THE GARDEN-VVIFES COVNTRY HOVs. 

It contains rules and Seed VSE Hearbs common with their times and seasons, to establish and grow them. 

TOGETHER 

In beekeeping, published secrets very necessary for euery house-wife. 

As new nodes diuerse also for gardens. 

The contents look broadly at the last page. 

Genes. 2. 29. 

That I haue giuen vnto euery Herbe, and euery tree, which I will permeate. 

THE GARDEN COVNTRY HOVSVVIFES. 

CHAP. 1. 

The Soyla. 

{SN: Dry.} {SN:. Hops} The Soyla of an orchard and garden, differ onely in these three points: First, the gardens would be a dryer Soyla because hearbes be more sensitive then the trees can not withstand moisture or drought, excessiue as such, like trees, and therefore hauing Soyla a dryer, the remedy is Easie drought, if necessary: water deeply, which may be done with little work, the Compass of a garden is not as large as a garden, and this is the cause (if they know) that Gardner raise their places: but if you moysture problems, I see no choice but generall safe, except in the hops, that delight in a land so low and vulgar. 

{SN:. Plaine} Second, the Soyla of a garden and leuell Plaine, at least in euery place (for the purpose of the square to be the most suitable form) the reason: the soil of a garden helper want such stay like water, which has a garden, and the Rootes of hearbes is short and can not bring liquor Bottome are more upset by the drought and the Soyla be soft and loose, soon or WASHTO away, or mail your heart too soaking and washing. 

Third, if a garden that does not Cleere Soyla of weed, and knowledge, of Grasse, the Neuer thriue hearbes is: how should hearbes good prosper, when weeds euill waxe so fast: whereas hearbes good deal on euill weeded : these being reinforced by nature, and the other for art? 

Gardens haue rather small in comparison, and therefore can more easily be left fallow, at least half a yeare before, and the best dressed after being framed. 

And I finde that keeping cleane auoide Not onely gather danger Weeden, but also a speciall ornament and more plentifull leau hearbes sap your bid. 

CHAP. 2. 

Sites. 

I can not see any kind, as the place from which there must be good and suitable for the other: The two ends of a single being, well, healthy, and much fruit ioyned with delight, the trees can be vnlesse obey the frosted hearbes pinching tender: but I am sure the flowers of the trees are so soon died of cold, as any hearbe except Pumpions, and melons. 

CHAP. 3. 

Form. 

Let Sayd is formed in the gardens, enough for a garden in generall: But to form speciall in the streets, which are many, as there diuices in Brain Gardner. Neither is the wit and the art of a skilled Gardner in this Poynt not be praised, that can Worke more variety for breeding more Choyce desirable, and all those things, where the owner is able and willing to be satisfied. The number of blocks, mazes and knots is so great, and diuersly men are so delighted that I leau euery house-wife with her own, especially given the creation of many Downe, there were benefits, but to fill the role much However, lest I depriue all its delights and address, which in his opinion these few reports choyse, new, and take note of this general, that all plots are square, and all are lined with a Priuit, raisins, berries Fea, Rosas, Thorne, Rosemary, Bee-flowers, Aesop, Sage, or as such.
