Gwendolen reclined in one of these seats later that night, with Grandcourt standing against a wall nearby in silence. Upon noticing this scene, Deronda approached Gwendolen to inquire whether she had had enough dancing for the evening.

Deronda had spent the long evening mingling with his guests, so he felt justified in melting into the background for a short time. Besides, he had not had a chance to converse much with Gwendolen since exchanging words at the piano the previous day. It would be easier to talk to her under the guise of friendship with Grandcourt standing there, and Deronda imagined that her face looked expressionless. At his approach, Gwendolen's face lit up, and her posture straightened. She had been listening to Grandcourt complaining about his boredom and insisting that they should leave. She turned him down, saying they should not appear impolite, although she feared her refusal was making him cross with her. She had an ulterior motive for staying, of course, and had worn the old necklace on her wrist in the hope that it would be noticed--a hope that was rapidly fading with the passage of time. To her delight, however, Deronda had appeared.

"That's right," she replied lightly. "I don't want to dance anymore. Aren't you happy that you won't have to feel obligated to ask me to dance, since you're no doubt tired of it by now."

"Indeed, and I can see you have already danced as much as you wanted to this evening," said Deronda.

"May I ask a favor? Would you mind bringing me a glass of water?"

While Deronda occupied himself with the nearby water pitcher, Gwendolen went into action. She pulled her hands out from underneath her light woolen shawl and removed her ruffled gloves. He returned with the proffered glass, and as she raised it to her lips, the movement of her arm revealed the turquoise necklace draped awkwardly around her wrist.

Grandcourt noticed both the jewelry and the direction of Deronda's gaze.

"What's that awful thing on your wrist?" demanded Grandcourt of his wife.

"That old thing?" she calmly replied. "I just like wearing it sometimes. Someone once found it for me after I'd lost it."

She handed the glass back to Deronda, who took it away. When he came back, he decided to change the subject. "You should take a look outside, over at those side windows. The moonlight is beautiful on the stonework, with the shadows moving across it in the breeze."

"That sounds lovely. I'll take a look." She turned towards her husband. "Will you come with me?"

He looked down at her disdainfully. "No," he replied, "I'm sure Deronda will go with you." He slowly pulled himself to his full height and stalked away.

Her husband's snarky indifference irritated Gwendolyn, and a fleeting shadow darkened her face. Deronda also caught the slight and felt annoyed for her sake. It dawned on him that it would be best to pretend that nothing out of the ordinary had happened. He offered his arm and asked her to walk with him to an area away from the other guests. He believed her intention in showing off the necklace, was to convey to him that she was willing to submit to his rebuke and was no longer angry with him, an interpretation that was supported by her language and mannerisms from the time he approached her. He felt she knew exactly what she was doing, and this thought reassured him.

As they walked, Gwendolen felt inclined to be open with him, as if her husband's behavior had erased a certain barrier of social propriety between them. She remained silent, basking in a sense of quiet confidence, until they stopped in front of a window overlooking the courtyard illuminated by moonlight. The window was landscaped to be in a kind of recess. She let go of his arm and wrapped her hands in her cloak. She rested her forehead on the cool glass as he took a step away and hooked his thumbs under his coat lapels in his habitual manner. In that posture of standing completely still, he reminded her sometimes of one of Dante's solemn, wise spirit guides from The Inferno. On further reflection, those spirits had also been young once and had probably danced the night away, resented their duties, and disliked the times they lived in.

Deronda remained still and silent. He feared making any remarks that might break the spell of the moonlight playing on the ancient carved forms. The calmness of the scene in front of them seemed adequate to distract her from her troubles, without jolting her with unnecessary speech.
