Grandcourt and Gwendolen were together although not talking to each other.  Deronda approached and whilst doing so noticed they were both leaning backwards in their chairs.  Deronda then asked Gwendolen if she wasn't going to dance any more.

Grandcourt himself felt somewhat annoyed, Gwendolen had been curt with him since their conversation at the piano, although Grandcourt could not blame her for taking this opinion.  As a matter of fact the disagreement regarding the dance was his fault, his churlish manner had not gone unnoticed by Gwendolen and now she was punishing him for it.

At last Gwendolen reluctantly answered Deronda's question "Yes I shall not dance any more. Are you not glad?" Deronda paused then said "I will not deny that, since you have danced as much as you like".

To the astonishment of both, Gwendolen then requested that Deronda fact her a glass of fresh water, which she did and was duly imbibed.

Whilst she sipped from the glass Grandcourt noticed Gwendolin had removed her gloves, revealing a strange bracelet he had never seen before.  "What is that article on your wrist!" he exclaimed. Gwendolen said "Oh this, it is just an old piece I have had for some time"


At that time, attention moved to the garden due to the breeze moving the limbs of the beautiful trees in the moonlight.  Gwendolen noted and aasked Grandcourt "I should like to see it. Will you go?" said Gwendolen, looking up at her husband.

He cast his eyes down at her, and saying, "No, Deronda will take you," broke eye contact, and strode away.

Gwendolen's face for a moment showed a variety of emotions: she resented this display of disloyalty toward her.

Deronda felt aggrieved, chiefly for her sake; and with a quick sense, that it would satisy her best to behave as if nothing odd had occurred, he said, "Will you take my arm and go, while only servants are there?".

When they were walking together, Gwendolen felt as if the disagreement which had just happened had removed another film of separation from between them, and she had more right than before to be as free as she wished.
