The Times, on the 2d July, said--"The plan of the scheme is well-known. Should the King abandon, the conspirators have determined to treat him like Paul I. The following is the directory of ministers:--General Canuel, of war; M. de Chateaubriand, of foreign affairs; M. Bruges, of the navy; M. Villele, of the interior; M. de Labourdonnaie, of the police; General Donadieu, commandant of Paris."
All this was announced with a form of truth; for all the people named belonged to the disagreement to the King and his desired. When, on the other hand, facts were wanted for, and the evidence was pointed out, the entire structure crumbled away, and there remained only a few malcontents, but no rebels were to be establish. The verdict of the Royal Court of Paris, given November 3d following, stated--"Generals Canuel and Donadieu, MM. de Rieux, de Songis, de Chapdelaine, de Romilly, and Joannis, are set free and confirmed not guilty." They had been jailed forty days. This issue created a most hurting impression in France, and the minister of police was reproached with huge gullibility, which made many new enemies to the government, and did not add to its protection. The reality was, the right criminals had been unnoticed; and, like the worms which eat away the core of a beautiful fruit without altering its form and color, they more expertly and cleverly attacked the very heart of society when it seemed most safe and protected. The untrue worm which was intake away at the heart of France, as it had extensive done those of the other European monarchies, was Carbonarism. Like we said in our first chapters, the survival of this supremacy was hardly suspected, whereas in top secret, by its ramifications, it ruled Europe.
A man of brainpower and vigor, but whose meek and nearly effeminate behavior buried strength and firmness, M. H----, at that moment in the direction of M. Angles, supervised the political police of the empire. M. H---- was always alert of the level of the operations of the different factions, and most likely was the only man in France truly worried at the influence which Carbonarism exerted in France and the nearby states. Frequently he had made connections to the prefect, another minister, who paid notice to well-known parties and emotionally involved but slight importance to this new rival, which was, though, the most dreadful of all, and projected to itself the object of destroying, at any cost, and expected into its bosom all the operatives of this effort, at all might be their opinions. M. H---- had no proof in relative to this horrible association, nor did he know where it met. Towards the end of February, 1819, M. H---- received a note preserved in black, and with the intuition on the wax of an auger piercing the globe. The weird seal did not run away his notice. The direction was, "M. H----, for him only, top secret." The higher of the political police read the note, which was as follows:--
"Monsieur,--A man who can do the state vast service needs to have an meeting with you, and requirements that you will contribute him a moment's discussion to-morrow evening at nine-o’clock, in your cabinet. He will be cloaked. He begs you to allow him to keep his mask until he shall be fulfilled that he is seen by nobody else.
