The Times, July 2, said - "The plan of the conspiracy known if the king abdicates, the conspirators have decided to treat it as Paul I. The following is the list of ministers: - General Canudas, the War, M. de Chateaubriand, Foreign Affairs, M. Brugge, Navy, M. Villele, inside, the lord of Labourdonnaie, police, General Donadieu, commander of Paris. " 
This was advertised with a semblance of truth, for all persons listed were in opposition to the king and his favorite. However, when the facts were sought, and the evidence indicated, all of the building collapsed, leaving only a few malcontents, but the rebels were. The sentence of the Royal Court of Paris, taking into account the following November 3d, said - "General Canudas and Donadieu, MM Rieux of Songis, of Chapdelaine, Romilly, and Joannis, are released and found innocent .. "They had been imprisoned for forty days. This case was a painful sensation in France, and the minister of police was accused in great imprudence, which made many new enemies to the government, not add to their security. The fact is , the real criminals had been overlooked, and, like the worms that eat inside a beautiful fruit without changing its shape and color, more skillful and deftly attacked the very heart of society in which it seemed safer and secure. The insidious worm that was eating away at the heart of France, as he had done a lot of European monarchies was Carbonarism. As we said in our first chapter, the existence of this power was only suspected, while in secret, its ramifications, which ruled in Europe. 

A man of mind and energy, but whose soft and effeminate manners almost hidden force and perseverance, M. H ----, then under the direction of M. Angles, under the supervision of the political police of the kingdom. M. H ---- was always conscious of the magnitude of the operations of the various factions, and was probably the only man in France deeply alarmed at the influence Carbonarism in France and neighboring states. He had often made the communication to the prefect, another minister who paid attention to known and important matches, but little by this new enemy, which, however, the most terrible of all, and proposed to himself in order to destroy at any risk, and received into its ranks all agents in this work, everything could be your opinion. M. H ---- had no evidence on this terrible organization, or knew where they met. Towards the end of February 1819, M. H ---- received a letter sealed in black, and the wax impression of a drill boring the world. 

The seal strange not escaped their attention. The address was, "M. H ----, for himself and confidential. "The top of the political police of the letter, which was as follows: - 

"Sir, - A man who can do the service of the great state want to have an interview with you, and asks to be granted a moment of conversation tomorrow night at nine o'clock in his office .. He will be masked He asks you to maintain your mask until satisfied that he is seen by anyone else.
