"When did this happen?" 

"I can not remember: It was shortly after we saved the show. 

Aunt left me not, to join him, and he was angry and jealous of Mr Todd, who was with me all the time, and - " 

"But it was not that, you mean?" 

"Well, maybe it's a bit: He told me that if I trust him, that he complained not allow the mother or aunt, but you know, that was a non-sense. 

I want someone to try to avoid if they wish. 

And he had no money, and we should be starved to death: I told him. When he said there was no danger that it was possible to keep the wolf from the door. 

I knew, of course, would be so easy to keep away the wolves, because there are none, and I could not live in the West horrible, but it will not stop us from dying hungry aunt said that we will starve. " 

"Poor Ned!" , I muttered. 

"You pity the poor Ned," she said, sobbing now, "but you have no compassion for the poor do not I have, and I am very unhappy." 

"Come on, do not cry, Eva," I said what my arm around her, it was very dark in that corner, and I knew that Eva does not bother us not like a certain other person whom he long ago. 

"What  can I do for you, my dear Ned again, I might say and do," Will I 

"No, no, he's so angry, and wished that I fear him. It was a very bad mood when he left me in the night" 

"But because he loved you, Eva." 

"When people tell me how, I do not think they are uncomfortable. I want to offend anyone if I loved her" 

"You are a sweet, lovable, charming little lady are doing it, I know." 

"But I did not want to marry Mr. Todd," she said, sobbing, while on my shoulder. 

"Oh, Charley, what can I do?" 

Could I have a beautiful, delicate, sweet wife and daughter in my arms now? 

My idea of loving wife has changed in two weeks, and the behavior of Miss Blanche, which neither see nor speak, nor what I was here this morning confirmed my belief that women are better with a number on the heart. Was it not surprising that I decided on the spot to answer the question of Eva: "Charley, what shall I do" by the words "Marry me, my love? It is the only way I left you see out of nothing, as my determination was fixed, I have not heard in a different time in no time, Eva's eyes. three sisters, wipe the horror came the bucket and stood before us. 

"Spoon as usual?" said one of them. 

"Miss Eva, you do not have to ask Mr Todd a lesson for him?" I do not think he knows how. A deplorable state of ignorance! Said another. 

A group of happy soon joined them, and I would have no chance tonight. But I was in my room because I knew I was gone the next morning. Eva loved me, his mother said when I heard it, in the pavilion on the hill, and I knew that would not like my Aunt Stunner that my income exceeded Todd. In an armchair by the open window, I thought about my decision and I a happy man. In the midst of this reverie the door open with a bang, money and Ned threw himself into a chair opposite me. 

"What happens now?" I cried. Harry Basset lost? "
