H.C.K --Rectory, Hereford.

Descendants of Milton(Vol. viii., p.339.).--In the course of my life, I have met with or heard of people of the same names and those very uncommon ones, who were in no way related to each other. I venture to tell J.F.M, your correspondent, that about twenty years ago there was the living skipper of a coasting vessel, trading between Bridport and London. The vessels name was Caleb Clark.

Clark or his family are more than likely living at Bridport now. [Greek: Alpha].-- A clerk of a retired parish in North-west Devon used to make hash of Shadrac, Meshac, and Abednego and as the names are repeated twelve times in the third chapter of Daniel. After getting thruough them for the first time, he called them the aforesaid gentlemen, afterwards it was W. COLLYNS. Harlow. Henry I.'s Tomb (Vol. viii., p.411.).--I fancy that the much mooted question may at once be set at rest by referring to Tanner's Notitia Monastica, edit. 1744, in the second column of p.15. There, it is evident that a tomb and an effigy of King Henry I. had once existed. It is also said that they had both fallen into decay and that the Aboot of Reading was required to repair both the tomb and effigy of King Henry. Then they were both buried, within the space of one year, as the condition on which the charters were to be confirmed:"Cart.

5&6 Ric.

ll.n.24.;Pat.

8 Ric. II. p. 1. m. 18. Pat. 16 Ric. II. p. 1. m. 38.; Pat. 21 Ric. II. p. 3. m. 16. Confirm. Libertatum, modo Abbas infra unum Annum honeste repararet Tumbam et Imaginem R. Henrici Fundatoris, ibidem humati." I. T. A. Bells at Berwick-upon-Tweed (Vol. viii., p. 292.): Chandler, Bishop of Durham (Vol. viii, p. 331.).--I may perhaps "kill two birds with one stone," by reminding MESSRS. GATTY and NEWBURN that the Bishops of Durham were formerly known as Princes of the Palatinate. It was probally in that capacity that Bishop Chandler delivered a charge to the Grand Jury, and he licensesed a meeting house bell. This was believed to be the last who exercised the functions of that high office.

WM. HAZEL. Return of Gentry, temp. Henry VI. (Vol. viii., p. 469.).--The return of 12th Henry VI. is printed in Fuller's Worthies, under each county. G. STEINMAN STEINMAN. I read in Fuller's Worthies, edit. Nuttall, vol. i. p. 60.: "A later list might be presented of the English gentry towards the end of the reign of King Henry VIII." 

Does this list still exist in any of our record offices? Has it ever been printed? TEWARS. Peter Allan (Vol. vii.,p.539.).--Your correspondent E.C. will find much more interesting information about this person in an account of him reprinted from the Sunderland and Durham County Herald, published by Vint and Carr, Sunderland in 1984 under the title of Marsden Rock, or the Story of Petter Allan, and Marsden Marine Grotto. His family are described as being in a very flourishing condition. If i remember correctly, I saw them all when I last visited the rock in 1850.CUTHBERT BEDE, B.A. Burial in an Erect Posture (Vol. viii., p. 5.).--The following passage, which I quote from Hearne's Collection of Antiquarian Discourses, vol. i. p. 212., may perhaps prove acceptable to CHEVERELLS, as showing (on traditional authority) that this mode of burial was anciently adopted in the case of captains in the army: "For them above the ground buried, I have by tradition heard, that when any notable captain died in battle or camp, that the soldiers used to take his body, stand him upright on his feet, put his lance or pike into his hand, and then his fellow soldiers did by travel and cover him up to the top of his pike.
