HCK ----, Rectory Hereford. 
Descendants of Milton (Vol. VIII., P. 339 .).-- I have in the course of my life met with or heard more than once or twice, the people of the same names, and those very rare, that in no way related to each other, however, I dare to tell your correspondent MFC twenty years ago lived the master of a coaster, trade between Bridport and London, called Caleb Clark. 

He or his family may now live in Bridport. [Greek: alpha]. Pronunciation of the names of the Bible (Vol. VIII., P. 469 .).-- employee of a retired parish in northwest Devon, I had always read the first lesson, which is used to make a hash Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, and the names are repeated twelve times in the third chapter of Daniel, after getting through them the first time, called them "the above-named" later. W. Collyns. Harlow. Henry I. 'S Tomb (Vol. VIII., P. 411.). - I think the most debated question, as to the existence of a monumental tomb over the remains of King Henry I at Reading Abbey, at a time can be set at rest by referring to Tanner's Notitia Monastica, edit. 1744, in the second column of p. 15: .. Where it is clear that a tomb and effigy of King Henry I had been a time, the two had fallen into decay, and, at the time of King Richard II, the abbot of reading is required to repair both the tomb and the effigy of King Henry the founder, who was buried there, within a year, as the condition in which the cards are confirmed: "purchase. 

5 and 6 Ric. 

II. n. 24;. Pat. 

8 Ric. II. p. 1. m. 18. Pat. 16 Ric. II. p. 1. m. 38;. Pat. 21 Ric. II. p. 3. m. 16. Confirm. Libertatum, Abbas infrastructure so honest repararet unum annum R. Fall me Imagine meHenrici et Fundatoris, humati ibidem "ITA Bells in Berwick-upon-Tweed (Vol. VIII, p. 292 ..):. Chandler, Bishop of Durham (vol. viii, p. 331 .).-- perhaps can "kill two birds with one stone", reminding Mr. Gatty and Newburn that the bishops of Durham were formerly princes of the Palatinate. It was probably in that capacity that Bishop Chandler issued a charge to the grand jury, and Bishop Barington leave a bell internal meeting. This prelate latter was, I think, the latter exercised the functions of that high office. 

WM. Hazel. Return of Gentry, temp. Henry VI. (Viii Vol., P. 469 .).-- The return of 12 of Henry VI. is printed Fame Fuller, in each county. G. Steinman Steinman. I read in Fama Fuller, edit. Nuttall, vol. IP 60:. "A list could be presented later the English nobility at the end of the reign of King Henry VIII." 

Does this list exist in any of our offices to register? And it has been printed? TEWARS. Peter Allan (Vol. VIII., P. 539 .).-- Your contact CEencontrará lots of interesting information about this person on an account of it a reprint of the Sunderland and Durham County Herald and published (1848) by Vint and Carr, Sunderland, with the title of Marsden Rock, or the story of Peter Allan, and Marsden Grotto Marina. He, his wife, eight children, and between the father and mother, is described as being in a flourishing condition, and (if I remember correctly) saw them all, the last time you visited the rock in 1850. Cuthbert Bede, BA's funeral in an upright posture (Vol. VIII., P. 5 .).-- The next step, which I quote from the Collection of Antique Acedo Discourses, vol. . IP 212, may perhaps be acceptable to CHEVERELLS, as shown (traditional authority) that this mode of burial was adopted in the case of old masters in the military: "For them, above the ground bury, I have heard by tradition that when captayne notable Battel anye dyed or Campe, the souldyers used to take his body, and sette him in his foot upright, and set a {631} Launce bites or in his hand, then his fellow souldyers made by Travell Bringe Every man for Earth Muche, and Laye you like about that cover, and assembly to cover the top of the pike. "
