And as the reading public, there are many general readers who can honestly claim ignorance of the "Decameron" of Balzac, La Fontaine, "Heptameron," Crébillon fils, or matter-in fact, Monsieur le Docteur Master Rabelais - the works, more or less, making moral instruction in all stories, which, like the tales of the "malice of Women", in editing unexpurged literal translation of "The Thousand and One Nights "contains much more practical moral lessons, although in the flowery language and hot, spicy East, than any evil means, because they are classified among the prohibited. 
For these, and readers of the books of Amelie Rives, or other literature intensely realistic, I do not need to imitate the warning Ansonius, which warned its readers on the threshold of a portion of his book to "stop and consider their strengths and before continuing reading. " 

Metaphorically speaking, the general bulletproof theater, or the public to read modern literature, can be considered quite cruel and morally. 

Therefore make no apology. 

Some failures may, perhaps, is with some occasionally the style of the book, or some of the topics to illustrate a principle. For the very wise, good and scientific, these illustrations were unnecessary, which hardly needs be mentioned, and the passages that some may be unpleasant, were not intended for them, either hoping to delight them or the intended to shock. 

These passages can be easily avoided. This book, however, was written that could be: not only read by the Solon, Socrates, Plato, Seneca and of the laity or the profession, but also for the billy-goat disposition plebeian, vulgar, could do no more to read cold, scientific facts, as ungarnished that can make a horse drink provided in the trough. Human weakness and wickedness is silly, but it's foolish to ignore that it exists. Therefore, in the interest of bored and driving a few solid facts on the other undigesting and without thinking, and understanding of all the plebeian stubborn ignorance, I ask the indulgence of the intelligent and broad-minded and the reader easily induced. 

Cleopatra was taken to the presence of Caesar on a roll of carpet, the Greeks introduced the men of Troy by means of a wooden horse, and the discoverer of the vast Pacific Ocean importunate creditors escaped disguised as a barrel of product. So when we want to achieve an object, we must adopt appropriate means, but apparently it may appear that have a totally diametrically opposed view. 

The Athenian Themistocles, when they want to make the decisive battle of Salamis, was inspired by the idea of sending word to the Persian king that the Greeks tried to escape, advising him to block the passage, which saved Greece. 

It is a strange and eerie but interesting related to the Muslim conquest of Spain, how to Rodrigo, the last of the Gothic kings, when in the trials and tribulations, he turned to an old castle in deepest secrecy that had a table whereon magic happen in sombre procession of different events in the future of Spain, looking at the table happy that he saw his own ruin and that of his country and the subjugation of the country. 

Anatomy is often called a dry study, but, like the enchanted bronze table in the old Gothic castle, which tells the story of a no less strange and interesting past. His revelations lighten a long perspective, through the thousands of years through which the human species has evolved since its first appearance on earth, working slowly through evolutionary processes than it is today supposed to be the acme of perfection as seen in Indo-European and Semitic races of man.
