Well, it is a philosophy that agrees with everything that happens in nature, and that the contents of the mind more careful than all the other systems revealed? 
After the claims of the ancient philosophers, who have been reconciled by what has been possible for me, what's left? a chaos of doubts and chimeras. Do not think it was a philosopher with a system that at the end of his life admit he had lost time. We must recognize that the inventors of the mechanical arts have been much more useful to humanity than the inventors of syllogisms: the man who invented the shuttle goes far beyond the man who imagined innate ideas. 

PREJUDICE 

Prejudice is an opinion without trial. So people around the world to inspire kids with all the views they wish, before the children can judge. 

There are some universal prejudice necessary, which makes even virtue. In all countries children are taught to recognize a rewarding and vengeance of God, to respect and love his father and mother, to search the theft as a crime, selfish, lying as a vice they can guess what which is a vice and a virtue. 

There are then some very good prejudices are those which are ratified by the ruling, when reasoning. 

The feeling is not just a bias, is much stronger. 

A mother does not love his son because he has been told she must love, she likes him happy in spite of herself. It is not through the prejudices that runs with the help of an unknown child about to fall off a cliff or being eaten by a beast. 

But through the prejudices that respect a man dressed in certain clothing, walking gravely, speaking the same. Her parents have said that you must bow to this man that I respect him before knowing whether he deserves their respect, to grow in years and knowledge, it is perceived that this man is a windbag full of arrogance, selfishness and artifice, who despise him who worships, and the damage yield to trial.

Through the prejudices that have believed the fables with which cradled his childhood, he has said that the Titans made war on the gods, Venus and Adonis is loving, and when you're twelve you accept these fables as truth, when Hemingway think of them as witty allegories. 

Let us briefly examine the different types of prejudice, in order to set our affairs in order.

We will be perhaps as where, when Law system, the perception that it had calculated the imaginary wealth. 

PREJUDICE OF THE SENSES 

Is not it strange that our eyes deceive us always, even when we have very good eyesight, and that our ears do not deceive us instead? Let your ears listen well informed "You're beautiful, I love you" is very true that someone has not said 'I hate you, you're ugly "but you see a good mirror, it shows he is wrong, has a very uneven surface. 

You see the sun as about two feet in diameter, is shown to be a million times larger than Earth. 

It seems that God has placed the truth in their ears, and the error in your eyes, but the large lens, and you will see that God has not deceived you, and it is impossible for objects that appear the opposite of what they see in the current state of things. 

BIAS PHYSICS 

Rising sun, the moon also, the earth does not move: they are natural physical prejudices. 

But the locusts are good for the blood, because when cooked are red, that eels cure paralysis, as twisted, that the moon affects our ills, because one day someone noticed that a sick man had an increase of fever during the waning moon and a thousand other such ideas are the mistakes of the old charlatans who tried without reason, and that, the others being tricked, deceived. 

HISTORICAL prejudices historical accounts have believed without examination, and this belief is a prejudice. Fabius Pictor relates that many centuries before him, a vestal of the city of Alba, will draw water from her pitcher, was raped, she gave birth to Romulus and Remus, who were fed by a wolf, etc. Roman people believed This fable, which did not examine whether the time had Vestal in Lazio, whether it was likely that the daughter of a king to leave the convent with her pitcher, whether it was likely that a wolf suckling two children instead of eating, the injury was established.
