Dr.  MacNamara told the House that those employed as cricket-ball manufacturers must be fit, as stitching leather is a difficult task.  The Union, therefore, will not admit disabled persons, and has the Minister of Labour's support in this position.  However, some doctors on the Treasury Bench disagree with the position; Dr. Addison points out that bricklayers admit some disabled persons, and bricklaying is not more strenuous than leather stitching.  The bricklayers insist that ex-servicemen serve an apprenticeship before admittance, though, a position that the Minister of Health calls absurd.  He is of the opinion that it does not take much training to teach a man to lay bricks.

**

Today, Thursday March 6th, Members of the Lords and the Commons focused on unlawful unrest in Ireland.  This focus may have been an attempt to create a hostile atmosphere, as today was scheduled as the opening of Committee review of the Home Rule Bill; however, as Mr. Long was out of commission, consideration of the Bill had been postponed, rendering any such attempts futile.  Even if the Bill had been considered, news of daily violence against government officials means different things to different people.  While some individuals may see such times as wrong for change, others will believe that the only way to the quell the violence is a significant constitutional revision.

Despite the rash of violence in Ireland, it seems that the people of that troubled land have maintained their humor.  In a letter read by Lord Askwith, one Irishman described the destruction of his home and threats made against his person in the course of a criminal group's arms raid.  The man finished his letter to the Lord with a quip: "I thought I would jot down these particulars to amuse you."

Though the Irish were able to maintain their humor, the men of the Commons were not.  Mr. McCurdy, who advocated the gradual removal of food-controls and allow pricing to bottom out, gave a dolorous speech, as his policies had led to disaster.  The Government stepped in and continued food-controls.  In response, Sir F. Branbury commented that there appeared to be a conflict between the jurisdiction of the food controller and the board of trade.  The food controller was being blamed for the controls set by the board of trade.

**

It seems a dark time for the Publishing trade, at least, according to well-known publisher John Murray.  Recently, his firm released information to the Pall Mall Gazette that indicates employees are not only doing less work per hour now, under the 48-hour week, than they were under the previous 51-hour scheme, but also asking for further reductions in hours.  At the same time, paper prices are on the rise.  According to Murray, these trends are "forcing up the price of books to a point when we can only produce at a loss."

We now face the unthinkable: not a shortage, but a complete absence of new books.  In our modern times, we might be able to do without encyclopedias, histories, and scientific treatises, but the novel is not expendable.  Like jazz and the cinema, it is indispensable to our society.

There is a solution, though not one that Mr. Murray has proposed.  Fifty million pounds have recently been freed up by reduction of the Bread Subsidy.  They are marked for relief of national needs, and surely, the continuation of our literary traditions is one of the greatest national needs.  Though fifty million would not solve the problem, it could begin a project wherein great novelists are given grants to cooperate with publishers.  Immediately a Ministry of Fiction should replace the Ministry of Information.  This new Ministry should be given five hundred clerks and housed in the British Museum, killing two birds with one stone -- preserving the novel and putting an end to useless archaeology.
