The jenetee is a bird as big as a lark with black feathers and yellow legs and feet. It accounted for healthy food. 
Watch chickens are much like the crab that I have described, but the legs are not quite so long. Are always kept in humid swamps, but his nails like birds claws are of the earth. " Make a noise or cluck like our breeding hens, chickens or dunghill, when they have chickens, so they are called by the English-clocking hens. There are many in the Bay of Campeche (but failed to discuss them there) and in other parts of the West Indies. There are both here and there are four types of long-legged birds, almost the same as many other sub-species of the same class, ie the crab pickers, who registered chickens galdens (of which three are in shape and color as herons in England, but less; the Galden, the largest of the three, the smallest transceiver crab) and a fourth type that are black, but the shape of the other, which has long legs and short tail, which is about the greatness of the crab and feed do. 

Currecoos are water birds, as big as chickens rather large, bluish, with short legs and tail, which also feed on swampy and very good meat. 

I have not seen them elsewhere. 

The wild ducks here are said to be of two kinds, the Creoles and common ducks. 

In the rainy season here are abundance of them, but in the dry season, but a few. Widgeon and teal also are said to be in great abundance here in the rainy season. 

South Bay there ostriches in great abundance, though it says they are not as large as those in Africa: are mainly in southern Brazil, especially among large sheets near the Rio de la Plata, and thence south to the Strait of Magellan. 

As tame birds in Bay head next to his ducks are birds dunghill ", which have two classes, a class largely on the size of our cocks and hens, and one very large, and the feathers of the latter is a long time coming forth: for them is very simple when half grown, but when fully developed and well feathered birds appear large, as indeed they are or what they want for the price, because Bay sold in half-a crown or three shillings each, as presented first to the market outside the country, when they are so meager as to be in a little to eat. 

Of their cattle, horses, etc. 

The animals of the land here are the horses, black cattle, sheep, goats, rabbits, pigs, leopards, tigers, foxes, monkeys, peccaries (a kind of wild pig called here pica) armadillos, crocodiles, iguanas (called quittee) lizards, snakes, toads, frogs and a species of frog called by the Portuguese Cachora-of-water, in English water dog. 

Leopards and tigers. 

Leopards and tigers of this country are said to be big and strong: but here on the coast to be deleted, or moved into the heart of the country, and therefore are rarely, but at the borders and beyond plantation, where they often play pranks.

Here are three or four types of monkeys, of different sizes and colors. A species is very large, and another type is very small: these are ugly in form and function and have a strong smell of musk. 

They have here also amphisbaena, or a snake with two heads, gray, mixed with blackish stripes, whose bite is reckoned to be incurable. Is said to be blind, but has two small spots on each head as the eyes: but if it is or not, I can not say. They say that living like a mole, underground, and when it is above ground is easy to destroy, because it moves, but slowly: it is his view (if any) as well as to discern any person who comes to kill it: the lowest number of flying creatures a man or hurt, but when it comes their way. It is 14 inches long and about the greatness of the internal organization of the middle finger of a man, be one and the same greatness from one extreme to another, with a head at each end (as they said, because I do not I can attest, that I was interrupted at one end), and both alike in form and grandeur, and is said to move, either with the head over all, with indifference, from which is called by the Portuguese cobra de -two-cabesa, the snake with two heads.
