Bubbles, like small pearls, swimming thick in the sea.

Cables, made of a sort of hair growing on trees in Brazil.

Callavances, a fruit in Mayo.

Canary Islands: where they produce product and trade. the character of their present governor.

Cape of Good Hope, its view from several points.

Cashew (fruit) described.

Channel (English) a necessary caution to those that sail through it.

Chattering-crow of Brazil described.

Clocking-hens of Brazil.

Coconut-trees in Brazil.

Cotton (Silk) its growth and description. Crusia, a fowl.

Cupang, see Kupang.

Curlew, a fowl.

Currecoo (Bird) described.

Currents in the sea, from 7 degrees 50 minutes latitude to 3 degrees 22 minutes north.

Curreso (Bird). Custard-apple described. Cuttlefish, see also Scuttle-fish. Dendees, a sort of palm-berries in Brazil.

Dogs, see Water-dogs.

Dunghill-fowls of Brazil.

Fish of New Holland.

Fish of the tunny kind, an account of.

Fish called by the seamen the old-wife, an account of.

Flamingo, a fowl.

Flying-fish, betwixt the Canaries and Cape Verde Islands.

Frape-boat, its use at the salt-pond at Mayo.

Galena pintada, a bird, described.

Galleons (Spanish) sunk by Admiral Blake, near Tenerife, and continue still there.

Gerrit Denis (Garrett Dennis) Isle, its inhabitants described.

Iguana (Guano), (beast) of New Holland.

Guinea-hens, see Galena pintada.

Guinea (New) its natives, etc. Hammocks, gentlemen carried about in them at Bahia in Brazil.

Holland (New): coast described. its natives described. views of several parts of its coasts and islands from several points.

Jago (St.): island and town. its inhabitants. its product. its animals. its road a very bad one. its view.

Jenetae (Bird) described.

Jenipah or Jenipapah (fruit) described.

Ingwa (fruit) described. Laguna in Tenerife described.

Lancerota, one of the Canary Islands, its view from several points.

Mackeraw (bird) described. Malmsey wine grows in the island Tenerife. Mayo, one of the Cape Verde Islands: its view. its description. a large account of the making salt there. its soil and product. its inhabitants. its view from several points. Mendibee (fruit). Mericasah (fruit) described. Miniola, a fowl. Monkfish. Muckishaw (fruit) described. Mungaroo (fruit) described. Musteran-de-ova (fruit) described. Noddy-bird described. North-west winds give notice beforehand of their coming, at Port Oratavia in Tenerife, and how provided against. Oratavia, a port in Tenerife. Otee (fruit) described. Palm-berries in Brazil. Papah, a fruit described. Petango (fruit) described. Petrel (bird) described. Petumbo (fruit) described. Physick-nuts. Pineon (fruit). Pintado-bird described. Plants, an account of them. Plants engraven on copper, Tables 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. Plants of New Holland. Porpoises. Portuguese civil to the author. Rabek, a fowl. Raccoon of New Holland. Remora (fish) Plate 11 Figure 6. Rosemary Island in New Holland, the plant resembling rosemary from which the author gives this name to the island, is figured. Salt, a large account of the method of making it at Mayo. Salt-ponds at Mayo, kern only in the dry season, others in the West Indies in the wet only. Santa Cruz in Tenerife, its road, town and harbour described. Seamen: in great danger of sickness, by neglecting to shift their wet clothes in hot countries. their ignorance and obstinacy, a great impediment in long voyages. Seaweeds, see weeds. Shark of New Holland described. Shark's Bay in New Holland described. Shearwater (bird) described. Ship (the author's) foundered at sea. Ship of 50 guns built at Brazil. Skipjack (fish) described. Snake, see Watersnake, and Amphisbaena. Soursop (fruit) described. Sugar, the way of refining it in Brazil with clay. Tasman's chart rectified. Tenerife: its wines and fruits and animals. its north-west view. Timber at Brazil as good and more durable than any in Europe. Timor. Trees of New Holland. Turtle: lay their eggs in the wet season. why not eaten by the Spaniards as by the English. Turtledoves of Brazil. Variation: where it is increased in sailing easterly. where decreased in sailing easterly. its uncertainty, and the difficulty of taking it. a large table of variations observed in this voyage.
