The bubbles, as small beads, swimming in heavy seas.

Cables made of a kind of hair that grows on trees in Brazil.

Callavances, a fruit in May.

Canary Islands: their output and trade. the nature of their current governor.

Cape of Good Hope, his point of view from several points.

Cashew (fruit) described.

Canal (English) a necessary warning to those who sail through it.

Brazil-line chatter described.

Watch chickens from Brazil.

Coconut trees in Brazil.

Cotton (silk) growth and its description. Crusie, a bird.

Cupang, see Kupang.

Curlew, a bird.

Currecoo (Bird) described.

Sea currents of 7 degrees 50 minutes latitude 3 degrees 22 minutes north.

Curreso (Bird). Apple Flan described. Sepia, see also Scuttle fish. Dende, a species of palm berries in Brazil.

Dogs, dogs see the water.

Dung-birds of Brazil.

Fish of New Holland.

The tuna fish species, a.

Fish Called by the sailors of the old wife, a.

Flamingo, a chicken.

Flying fish, including the Canaries and Cape Verde Islands.

Frape-boat, its use in the salt lake in May.

Galena painted a bird, which is described.

Galleons (Spanish) sunk by Admiral Blake, near Tenerife, and are still there.

Gerrit Denis (Dennis Garrett) island, its inhabitants are described.

Iguana (guano), (the beast) in New Holland.

Guinea-hens, see painted Galena.

Guinea (New) natives, etc. Hammocks, gentlemen brought them in Bahia in Brazil.

Holland (New): Costa described. natives described. views from various parts of its coasts and islands from various points.

Jago (San): island and city. its inhabitants. your product. their animals. its way too bad. their point of view.

Jenetae (Bird) described.

Jenipah or Jenipapah (fruit) described.

Ingwa (fruit) described. Laguna in Tenerife described.

Lanzarote, a Canary Islands, its view from several points.

Mackeraw (ave) is described. Malvasia wine grows on the island of Tenerife. Mayo, one of the islands of Cape Verde: their point of view. description. a large account of the salt there is. its soil and product. its inhabitants. their point of view from several points. Mendibee (fruit). Mericasah (fruit) described. Miniola, a bird. Rape. Muckishaw (fruit) described. Mungaroo (fruit) described. Musteran-of-the eggs (fruit) described. Noddy-bird described. winds from the north-west to give advance notice of arrival at the Port Oratavia in Tenerife, and as always against. Oratavia, a port on Tenerife. Otee (fruit) described. Palm-berries in Brazil. P € paƒ, a fruit described. Petange (fruit) described. Petrel (bird) is described. Petumbo (fruit) described. Physick-nuts. Pineon (fruit). Painted birds described. Plants, an account of them. Plants engravings, tables 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. New Holland plants. Porpoises. Portuguese civil to the author. Rabek, a bird. New Holland raccoon. Remora (fish) Silver 11 Figure 6. Romero Island in New Holland, rosemary plant resembles the author gives this name to the island, is calculated. Sal, an account of much of the way of making it in May. Salt ponds in May, Kern only in the dry season, others in the West Indies in the wet only. Santa Cruz de Tenerife, the way the city and the port is described. Seamen: in great danger of the disease, for neglecting to change his wet clothes in hot countries. their ignorance and obstinacy, a major impediment for long journeys. Seaweed, see the weeds. New Holland shark is described. Shark's Bay in New Holland, describe. Shearwater (bird) is described. Ship (the author) went down at sea. The 50-gun ship built in Brazil. Listing (fish) is described. Snakes, and Amphisbaena Watersnake. Soursop (fruit) described. The sugar refining the way in Brazil with the clay. Tasman grinding table. Tenerife: wines, fruits and animals. the north-west view. Brazil wood as good and more durable than Europe. Oriental. Trees of New Holland. Tortuga: lay their eggs in the rainy season. Why not eat the Spanish as English. Doves from Brazil. Change: after an increase in the navigation of this. where the decline in the navigation of this. uncertainty, and difficulty drinking. a large table of the variations observed on this trip.
