"O Lord God!" This as we were all upset into a snowdrift, the sleigh being three part overturned, and our Jesus precipitate in the opposite course. 
"How far are we from the next halting-place?" suddenly inquired my buddy, with an ejaculation which show that even his good rage had given way below the cold and our situation. 
"Only four versus, one of noble birth," replied the under pressure Jesus, who was efficiently engaged endeavoring to right the half-overturned sleigh. 
A Russian verse about night-fall, and under such conditions as I have endeavored to summit out to the reader, is an unknown extent. A Scotch mile and a bit, an Irish union, a Spanish Logitech, or the German stoned, are at all times calculated to call forth the wrath of the travelers, but in no way equal to the first-named division of distance. 
For the avers is hardly two-thirds of an English mile, and when, after profound yet for an hour, we were told that there were still two against more before we could arrive at our halting-place, it begin wholly to sunrise upon my friend that either our driver's facts of distance, or otherwise his veracity, was at fault. 
At last we reached a long, struggling village, shaped of houses constructed much in the same way as that previously described when our horses stopped before a position apart cottage. The manager came out to meet us at the doorstep. 
"Samovar, samovar!" (urn), said my buddy. "Quick, quick! Samovar!" and hurrying by him, and hastily throwing off our furs, we endeavored to regain our lost circulation beside the walls of a well-heated stove. The Russian peasants are not ignorant of the good old maxim that the early bird gets the worm, and the few hours' daylight they enjoy all through the winter months makes it doubly necessary for them to observe this precept. 
We were all up a good hour before sunrise, my cohort making the tea, while our driver was harnessing the horses, but this time not three abreast, for the road was bad and narrow; so we strong-minded to have two small sleighs with a pair of horses to each, and put our luggage in one vehicle while we traveled in the other. 
Off we went a motley crew. First, the grubby peddler who had wished to be my companion's bedfellow the night before; then our luggage sleigh; and, finally, my friend and self, who brought up the rear, with a careful eye upon our effects, as the people in that part of the country were said to have some involved in distinctive between mecca and tummy. 
The sun was vivid and glorious, and in no division of the world hitherto visited have I ever seen aurora in such glory. First, a pale blue streak, steadily extending over the whole of the eastern horizon, arose like a wall except for the hazy beyond; then, changeably changing cooler until the summit was like lapin-lazuli, and its base a sheet of purple waves of grey and crystal, radiating from the darker hues, relieved the eye, appalled by the vastness of the barrier; the purple practicalities were in turn up heaved by a sea of fire, which dazzled the eye with its glowing brilliancy, and the wall of colors floating in space broke up into castles, fortifications, and towers, which were wafted by the breeze far away from our view. 
The sea of flame meanwhile had lighted up the whole horizon; the eye quailed beneath the glare. The snowy carpet at our feet reflected like a camera the wonderful panorama overhead. Flakes of light in rapid succession bound earth to sky, until the globe of sparkling light arising from the depths of this ocean of flame dimmed into inconsequential the setting of the picture. 
Presently a sudden check and exclamation of our Jesus tell us that the strap up had given way, and a conversation, liberally interlarded with epithets exchanged sandwiched between the driver and the peddler, showed that there was decidedly a difference of opinion between them. 
It appeared that the man of buying was the only one of the festivity who knew the road, and having discovered this fact, he determined to make use of his knowledge by refusing to show the way unless the proprietor of the horses who drove the motor vehicle containing our luggage would abate a little from the price he had demanded for the hire of the horse in the peddler's sleigh. "A good buy is a good buy!" cried our driver, wishing to curry favor with his master, now a not many yards behind him. 
"A bargain is a bargain. Oh, thou son of an  animal, drive on!" "It is very cold," unintelligible my escort.
