[Strike! damn! damn!]. 
"Lord God!" This as we all were upset in a snowdrift, the sleigh overturned three parts, and our Jehu precipitated in the opposite direction. 

"How far away are the next stopping place?" suddenly asked my companion, with an ejaculation which showed that even his good humor had been replaced in the cold and our situation. 

"Only four versts, one of the nobles," replied the struggling Jehu, who was busy trying to right the overturned sled half. 

A Russian verst about dusk, and the conditions I tried to draw the reader, is an unknown quantity. A mile and a bit Scottish, Irish league, a league, Spanish, or German stunde are all the time calculated to arouse the ire of passengers, but by no means equal to the first team, the name of the distance . 

For the verst is barely two-thirds of a mile English, and when, after driving for an hour but we were told that there were still two versts more before we reach our place of detention, began to fall completely on my friend that knowledge is our driver of the distance, or otherwise his veracity, was the culprit. 

Finally we reached a village long struggle, made up of houses built in large part the same way as previously described, when the horses stopped before a detached house. The owner met us at the threshold. 

"Samovar, samovar!" (Urn), said my companion. "Samovar Quick, quick!" and running by him, and hastened to throw out of our skins, which sought to recover our loss of movement along the walls of a hot oven. 

Russian peasants are not ignorant of the maximum older than the early bird gets the worm, and schedule a few hours to enjoy during the winter months makes it doubly necessary to observe this precept. 

We were all up to one hour before sunrise, my companion making the tea while our driver was harnessing the horses, but this time three abreast, for the road was bad and narrow, so it was determined that two sleds with a pair of horses to each, and put our luggage in a vehicle while traveling in the other. 

We went, a motley crew. 

First, the unwashed peddler who had wanted to be my partner bedfellow the night before, then our baggage sleigh and, finally, my friend and I, who brought up the rear, with an eye for our purposes, as the people in that part of the country is said to have some difficulty in distinguishing between meum and tuum. 

The sun was bright and glorious, and anywhere in the world have visited to date have been in such magnificent auroras. First, a pale blue streak, gradually extending over the entire eastern horizon, arose like a wall barring the unknown beyond, and then suddenly changing color to the summit was like lapis lazuli , and the base of a sheet of purple waves of gray and crystal, radiating from the darker hues, relieved the eye, appalled by the immensity of the barrier, purple bases were further lifted by a sea of fire, which dazzled the eyes with its brilliant shine and color wall floating in space was divided into castles, battlements and towers, which were floated in the wind far from our sight. 

The sea of flames as had both on the horizon, the eye quailed beneath the glare. The carpet of snow at our feet reflected like a camera overhead wonderful panoramic views. Flakes of light in quick succession linked to the earth to heaven, until the balloon bright light emerging from the depths of this ocean of fire dimmed into insignificance the surroundings of the image. 

Now a sudden check and admiration of our Jehu told us that the harness had given way, and a conversation, freely interspersed with epithets exchanged between the driver and the peddler, showed that there was definitely a difference of opinion between them. 

Apparently, the man of commerce was the only group who knew the road, and having discovered this fact, decided to make use of their knowledge, by refusing to show the way unless the owner of the horses who drove the vehicle contains our luggage to reduce a bit the price they demanded for the rent of the horse sleigh peddler. "A bargain is a bargain! "Exclaimed our driver, who want to curry favor with his master, and a few meters behind him.
