What is truth? 
Tcherkask. Everyone knows that the capital of the Don Cossacks is eminently a city of water. 

According to Pallas, the Circassians (Tcherkesses) once were in the Crimean War. They may have extended their influence to the Don, and the name in question may be a synthetic form of Tcherkesse-Aska. 

Damascus (Damascus Latinized) is famous throughout the East for its waters. The name of the ancient city was Damas, Le Demechk, ou Chamel-Dimichk, des Orientaux " 

(Malte-Brun, viii. 215..) 

The modern city is said to be called ladies, or I Domeschk, although it seems more generally known as the Sham. Bryant said he was called by the natives and Damasec Damak, the latter meaning of the city (Fall?) Of the dams, or Adama (mythology, & c., vol. IP 69.). Could have been a time Adama, or ASCA Lady? 

In Britain we have rivers and lakes jointly called Esk, EXE or Isca, Axe, and Usk. 

Axe Asca seems to have been written at a time, because it gives the name Ascanmynster Lambard Saxon Axminster. So, too, we can infer that Axholme Island was once Ascanholme. The Exe was probably Esk, ie water or a river was certainly Uske. 

Iska is the Latinized British Isk by Ptolemy, of Camden said Exeter was called by the Welsh Caerisk, & c. Usk or Uske was written by Osca Gyraldo Camb. (See Lambard.) 

Kyleska or Glendha, Sutherlandshire ferry. Kyle-Aska? Kyles (Go), a narrow or Frith. 

Calls frequently occurs as the first syllable of the names in England, and those places are almost always related to the water. 

Camden mentions a family of distinguished men in Richmondshire called Aske, who may derive some places their names, as p. ex. the Askhams, Askemoore, & c. Askrigg, however, be in the vicinity of a striking waterfalls (Camden), may have reference to them. 

Now, from places things back to first realize that Usk, in the current Welsh, meaning river. In uisce Irish, or uiske is water. In Hebrew and Chaldean HiScan is washing or drinking. (See the introduction to Irish dictionary Valancey.) The same is ASCU (Old Irish), a water snake or a dog IASC, fish, water EASC (Ireland), same as esk. Chalmers, in "Caledonia", etc, has water EASC or esc (Gael.) EASC lan (Gael.), the water completely. 

Askalabos (Greek), a reptile newt or water, and who asks, askard, askel, question, and esk, in provincial English, a water-newt. (See Archaic Dictionary.) 

Masca, female sea otter, named by the Russians. 

Askalopas (Greek), a woodcock or snipe, that is, a marsh bird. 

As I said before, there are some words in any of the indigenous languages of North America where the sound is asking, at least in terms of my relationship with them is limited. 

The only two that can be cited at this point are in the Chippeway. There is only one direct reference to water, perhaps others can indirectly. Are woyzask, sedges, aquatic plants mejask, grass or grass. The grass only Indians of the forest is likely to be known is that it grows in natural grasslands along the river banks, sometimes met with, and these are generally very marshy. 

We end our cask and bottle. He could have added more, but fear as they have overcome what could be expected to enter their pages, so I'll just say that, in offering these comments, I repeat nothing, and we are willing to submit to any correction. 

ACM 

Exeter. 

* * * * * 

LEGENDS County Clare. 

About two kilometers from the village of Corofin, in West Clare, are the ruins of Castle Ballyportree, which is a massive square tower surrounded by a wall, in corners of which are smaller round towers: the wall exterior was surrounded by a moat.
