Balfour, QC who was on the Front Opposition bench said, "This is a great example of the mistakes that smart people sometimes make. I've been acquainted with the judge for many years, we've been opposed to each other as judges, worked in the same divisions of government, and I have to say it shocks me somewhat that it's been said he seeks out controversial decisions for himself. I'm rather sanguine myself, but don't always think that I'm going to hang back. Like Henry Arthur Wilson proclaimed when he stood over a makeshift card table with chalk between his fingers, things need to be delineated at some point and I think the right place is where my acquaintance Harcourt gets charged with purposely breaching peace in the House."--Still when talking about the Land Bill.

Late Friday: Hard at work on the Land Bill still. it's not gotten any easier and I've worked an entire week on it. Today there were the same number of changes on it as Monday. This clause needs me to work on it all night. The whole contingent is tired. Sexton, yes, him too, seems weary. Wasn't as good a night as I'm used to, Sexton only found the opportunity to open his mouth once, which he used to its full extent.

That's no prize for having lost a good chance.

I spoke to the pitiful Speaker because of it, said that though everything seemed pretty awful, there were ways this could get way worse.

"Toby, guess so. Have you ever browsed Prior?", he asked me.

It's been several summers since I checked him, but tonight after this grueling week one of his couplets comes to mind.


ABRA was prepared before I spoke her appellation, and despite my calling somebody else, she arrived

Exactly the way Sexton will I think.

I finished this, adding another clause to the Land Bill.

Ashen Primates of Long Years

"Young people think grey hair is way cool", says a pretty smart guy. That's kind of odd isn't it, that everyone should go for that bit of strangeness: faking being older.

Even younger women pour dust onto their pates to give it an aged look.

They make their brows snow white and do the same to their eyelashes, the vain things. All creation's fine white powders, I guess they'll be attaching lines of age and deep furrows around the eyes next (hiring makeup artists to do so). This won't be the only thing that'll make everyone older, they'll be making maidens into crazy demented hags soon, but at least they won't be hypocrites.

Acting, Music, and Law:

The Daily Telegraph, sourcing from the Middlesex County Times, the previous Saturday, said that "The Lord Chancellor supplemented Mr. W. S. Gilbert's name to the group responsible for the good order and lawfulness of Middlesex. Another man with the initials W. S., Shakespeare, who also had a Gilbert in his extended familial relations, was made a judge . This seems a fitting, if eccentric, title for Mr. William Shakespeare Gilbert.
