"That," said Balfour, QC, who happens to be in the opposition front bench, "is a clear example of the misunderstanding in the mind sharp at times the work I've known my right honorable friend from For many years .. We have sat on this bench together in opposition, and have worked in the same ministry, and I confess it's a bit shocking for me to hear him accused of a tendency to get into controversial issues. I am a man peace, and it is easy to assume an attitude of reproach, but, as Mr. Henry Arthur Wilson said that when he was put on the Baccarat table improvised with a piece of chalk in hand, the line must be drawn in somewhere, and I am inclined to rule in the place where my friend is accused HARCOURT intent and purpose of disturbing the peace of Parliament. "Operation performed .-- Still in the Land Bill. 
Friday night. - Still grinding away at the report stage of the draft land law, there is nothing forrader; state that week, and tonight as many of the amendments on the paper as it had on Monday. All night in a single new clause. Everyone tired of death. SEXTON charlatan even a little cranky, I had a night as good as usual, the debate that lasted over sitting, and, not having a single motion in the House, Sexton (with the President of the Presidency) could speak once, what he did, in considerable length.

However, a poor consolation for the lost opportunity. 

SPEAKER congratulated the suffering in this accident, told him things were pretty bad, but it could be worse. 

"I guess, TOBY," he said, "never read BEFORE? 

Have not looked up for many years, but sitting here through this week is a song - of Solomon, I think - every time he crosses my mind: - 

"ABRA was ready before I called her name;. And though call'd another, open wine ' 

Like Sexton. " 

Done. - A clause added to the land of Bill. 

* * * * * 

"OLD GREY APES." 

"Gray hair is fashionable for the youth," said recognized as an oracle of truth. It is strange that society should have a rage for this anomaly - Age man! 

Dust on their heads to our women very toss, only to deprive it of its pristine brilliance. 

Make your eyebrows white ash, no, and eyelashes, witches early! The world is but dust and ashes. Wrinkles and crow's feet must have his next turn (for them lemon in which artists learn toilette), then each belle bald, skinny neck and no teeth, gray hair alone will not make Youthless society. That beautiful turn beldams if you are happy. But they could be consistent in his madness! 

* * * * * MUSIC, FILM, AND JUDICIAL .-- The Daily Telegraph, quoting from the Middlesex County Times, on Saturday, said, "The Lord Chancellor had added the name of Mr. WAS. GILBERT , poet and playwright, the Commission of Peace for the County of Middlesex "It is said that another" ERA ", one William Shakespeare - which, incidentally, also had a Gilbert in the family - is, in his later years made a JP "Mr. William Shakespeare GILBERT - if he kindly allowed us the style of it, how to unite the qualities of the poet and playwright - should receive a special and peculiar title.
