"That," said BALFOUR, Q.C., who chanced to be on the Front Opposition Bench, "is a striking example of the misapprehension under which acute minds occasionally labour. I have known my Right Hon. friend for many years; we have sat on this Bench together in Opposition, and have worked in the same Ministry, and I confess it is a little shocking to me to hear him accused of tendency to enter upon controversial topics. I am myself a man of peace, and do not readily assume an attitude of reproof; but, as Mr. HENRY ARTHUR WILSON said when he stood over the improvised Baccarat-table with a piece of chalk in his hand, the line must be drawn somewhere, and I am inclined to rule it at the place where my friend HARCOURT is accused of wilfully and designedly disturbing the Parliamentary peace." Business done.--Still on the Land Bill. 

 Friday Night.--Still grinding away at the report stage of Land Bill; don't get any forrader; been at it a week, and to-night just as many Amendments on the paper as there were on Monday. All night upon a single new Clause. Everybody wearied to death. Even WINDBAG SEXTON a little moody; not had such a good night as usual; the debate lasting throughout sitting, and, there being only one Motion before the House, SEXTON (with the SPEAKER in the Chair) could speak only once; that he did, at considerable length. 

 But a poor consolation for lost opportunity. 

 Congratulated the suffering SPEAKER on this accident; pointed out to him things were bad enough; but might be worse. 

 "I suppose, TOBY," he said, "you never read PRIOR? 

 Haven't looked him up for many years; but, sitting here through this week, there is one couplet--from his Solomon, I think--ever running through my mind:-- 

 'ABRA was ready ere I called her name; And, though I call'd another, ABRA came.' 

 Just like SEXTON." 

 Business done.--One Clause added to Land Bill. 

 * * * * * 

 "GREY APES OF AGE." 

 "Grey hair is fashionable for the youthful," Says a Mode oracle acknowledged truthful. Strange that Society should have a rage For that anomaly--artificial Age! 

 Dust on their heads our pretty women toss, Just to deprive it of its pristine gloss. 

 Make ashen-white your eyebrows, there, and lashes, Precocious hags! The world's but dust and ashes. Wrinkles and crowsfeet next must have their turn (To limn them in let toilette artists learn), Then make each belle bald, scraggy-necked and toothless, Grey hair alone won't make Society youthless. Let belles turn beldams if they find it jolly. But they might be consistent in their folly! 

 * * * * * MUSICAL, THEATRICAL, AND JUDICIAL.--The Daily Telegraph, quoting from the Middlesex County Times, last Saturday, stated that, "The LORD CHANCELLOR had added the name of Mr. W.S. GILBERT, Poet and Dramatist, to the Commission of the Peace for the County of Middlesex." So is it said that another "W.S.," one WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE--who, by the way, also had a GILBERT in the family--was, in his latter years, made a J.P." Mr. WILLIAM SHAKSPEARE GILBERT--if he will kindly allow us so to style him, as uniting the qualities of poet and dramatist--should receive a special and peculiar title.
