From the outer chamber we stepped into the inner apartment. This part looked much better than the outer compartment. It was more or less like those early coffee houses. The people out there looked much more decent at least apparently, than the mixed group of people at the outer chamber. We had the luxury of ordering anything we wanted to order – from any food and drink, wine, spirits, anything that we would pay for. A group of girls were trying to entertain their companions by singing, dancing flirting, drinking and anything they could do. At the first glance, the people out there looked much more decent at least apparently, than the mixed group of people at the outer chamber. But our opinion changed after an incident that took place suddenly. We now knew that morally these people were much stranger that those out at the outer chamber.

Suddenly the doors opened and three of the most important officers of the Bow Street stormed into the room. They were all armed– the unrelenting Bishop, unwavering Smith and the unbendable Ruthven, and ready to take on some frightful encounter. Their followers had haunted them- hence there was no chance to escape. Bob Transit tried to do so, and in the process had almost have his skull cracked by the old Jack Townshed who was in active service before and was on duty at the door.


Someone from the adjacent room screamed “this is an ambush” All of us were crying “please put off the lights – hide everyone”. But anything could be done the principals were under protection and safe. The pocket book with all the stolen property, could not escape the prompt sight of the Bishop and was protected from the fire by the quick arm of the inexorable Bishop

All were forced to assemble in one place and all were searched. No one could escape. Bob Transit felt most embarrassed. There were some sensuous sketches found in his pockets!

She died – what a pathetic exile! The heart fills with extreme emotional suffering and sorrow.  Long drawn out against the merciless doors. The chitchat of the gathering mocks the flesh less corpse. They thank their god that they were saved.
~346~~With the ridiculous beak, who mourned that such great talent should be applied for time unbound, and with this short speech we all were allowed to break out and were warned about the future. All the rest of men and women were rallied to the adjacent watch house for public examination and to wait for the official order from the authority.
Old Crony was logically affected by the hostile meeting, among all those present. Nothing on the earth probably could have brought in the change in him which was more important than this. He had recovered his steadiness and his talk and appearance had regained normalcy. We had not been even half across the market, and Crony started his moral lessons learnt from the dangerous incidence that we had just experienced and were fortunate to escape unhurt. But our young and upbeat hearts were not ready to back out at one encounter of an exploring party. We were all geared up to bring about some change- we were into the journey of some extravaganza and the pleasure we just could not let go off. We believe, in hazy night a determined move will win over a motiveless chase.
I and my companions believed that marauding in the streets of metropolis during mid night has it’s own charm and adventure. I had deeply boarded on the corrupt night. It helped me to justify the consequences of this adventure. There are many so called decent person who will shy away with the start of the dawn. The people with all their deeds at night and all their oddity and fantasies that they cherish during night will go red in their face.
The expression of grief from old Crony reminded the complaints of sincere Jack Falstaff against his associates.
Our supervisor said “it is not worthwhile to behave wicked. I believe a true man may suffer in every step of his life but he does not miss the true pleasure, neither is he endangered by any situation in life. But we are now entering a world of injustice and untrue where all the leaders are infected. We are like ships and we can sail only with wind in opposite direction and there is no heaven that we can achieve until we die.”
