"Only six o'clock?" I yawned as I pulled my watch out from under my pillow. "I have three more hours of sleep." As I rolled over and drifted back to sleep I had a thought, "I wonder if the Boy..." but then I fell asleep.

I woke again at nine, preparing myself for the day. I rang my maid for a cold bath to get my blood running, and in an hour I was knocking at the Boy's door. 

He didn't answer the door, so I imagined he must be at the restaurant by now. As I was crunching across the frozen grass, I met the muleteer and Finois. 

"Joseph! Hallo!" I shouted. "Are Fanny and Souris with you?" 

"No, Innocentina has them, Sir," he replied.

"What? Already? They've started?" 

"Yes, Sir, very early this morning."

I asked him to tell me about it as we began walking together. 

He told me he had slept poorly the night before, because of his current flea infestation, and because of the unrest the animals in the stables below his room were in. The other men he slept with had gotten up already, when he heard a voice call him from downstairs. He went down to find a lady for him, Innocentina. She told him that her master had sent her down to get the anes. He didn't ask her any questions, and quickly got the donkeys for her. He apparently wanted to walk with her, but she feared rumors from the rest of the staff, so he staid behind. 

I told him he had done well and was off on my way, hiding my surprise from him. I didn't want Joseph to know I had not been told the new plans for the day, and I was too concerned with the mystery. Suddenly I realized, the Boy must have met his two compatriots previously and had wished to get away from them. He didn't want them to accompany us to the Chambery, and had made sure we could avoid their company.

He had been kind to me, and instead of waking me early he had simply left. I imagined I would find a note or message from him at the restaurant. And if not, I knew the rout to the Chambery, I was sure he'd be waiting for me there. 

Later as Joseph, Finois and I were starting, I saw the Americans. They had not been at breakfast, but now they were standing a length down the corridor. I walked to the porter, and he told me the Americans were not going to walk to Chambery because their landlord had told them the weather was too bad. He then explained to me that they were returning to Aix-Lex-Bains by the noon train, and they had not yet tipped him. 

While I typically should have owed them an apology for the Boy's unexplained absence, I was not in the mood for them.
