The carvings depicted belief in endless nature and identification of a divine being, which were the primary aspects of all religions.  There are more stelae which have a royal car touch. There are four elliptical rings on which words are carved found on one of them.  This implies a story of disgrace since names have been removed when it was the age for remembering things.   A jackal is being inscribed on another stela which stands for the genius of the departed who has received offerings from his friends.  People who aspire to learn about these will also find that these monuments come from the age of Joseph. The name Osortosen is being engraved upon it in two places.  It may be the name of the Pharoah whose wife is Asenath, whose father was Potiphorah, the priest of On. He was also the one who raised the obelisk at Heliopolis. 

 Engraved in low relief and cavo-relievo there is another stela, which is colored and magnificent.  As this belongs to Manetho’s sixth dynasty it is evidently very old. Another very old one found in the very collection, which happens to be that of the historian of the period when the pyramids were constructed.  Intaglio and relieve are used in this and it is marvelously implemented and the surface is polished.  Granite, syenite, limestone, travertine of the Italians and sandstone are used in these stelae which make them very rich collections. 

These monuments had the tombs of Egypt; Karnac is depicted by a part of its great obelisk and Rome has provided a cinerary urn which contained bones which are left over from cremation and many funereal tablets and an altar.

An extensive collection of pottery from Etruria and Italy are also found in another room in the same floor.  There were also pottery found in Britain which were Samian ware, articles from Pompeii, Carthage and South America.   There were about six hundred Etruscan vases made of terra cotta in the central case which filled it.  Learned people suspect if these are Grecian or not.  Bossi says that these are the first manufacture for the Tuscans in his work in Italy but others strongly argue that they are Grecian.
Though the objects belong to Grecians, they were traded by Etruscans.  Athens is popular for its art of pottery which had enormous precision.  Tuscans used these vessels to bury their dead and it is a truth.  Yet keeping them in sepulchers is not a custom of these people and this tradition was brought to them by the people who settled from Greece.
Etrsucan Vases are made of a special material and in this place the sepulchral lamps are also found to be made of similar material.  A number of Roman fibulae and bracelets are also found at Treves, along with these and some more excavated in England.  Several ancient artifacts of Rome were also found at Hoy Lake, near Liverpool.  Yet we cannot go deep into this matter; we need to concentrate on the things found in the dwellings in that place.
