The lady, however, sent her invitations, and calmly announced that the day she had selected would be clear. 

 When asked how she had dared to take such a risk, she replied, 'There was no risk whatever; I had telegraphed to the man in New York.'" 

 The children all laughed, and it was some time before the Professor could quiet them sufficiently to add the few words that concluded his little lecture. 

 "The most violent storms have been found generally to whirl in circles, and are called cyclones. In some parts of the world they are very disastrous. 

 One occurred in India in 1864 that destroyed 45,000 lives in a single day. Ten years earlier, when the English and French were at war with Russia, a storm was observed to begin in France and to be moving eastward. 

 Timely warning was sent to the allied fleet in the Black Sea. The storm came with such terrific violence that, had it not been expected, it would probably have destroyed one of the most splendid navies that ever rode the waters, and perhaps have changed the issue of the war." 

 TROUBLE IN THE PLAY-ROOM. 

 "I don't care--I'm just as mad as I can be. To keep me in just for a little rain! 

 I won't be good--I won't play with my dolls. I'm going to whip every one of them, and put them to bed this very minute." 

 Such a little termagant as Bessie Hatch looked at that moment, with her black eyes flashing, her hands clinched, and her cheeks like two flaming poppies! 

 Half irritated, half amused, Annie, the Irish nurse, regarded her for a moment. 

 "Indade, but it's a swate timper you have, Bessie Hatch; and I hope for your own sake it'll be minded afore you grow up. 

 It's not I will be lettin' you out, when your ma lift particular orders you wasn't to go if it rained. Just hear how the storm's batin' agin the windows. Your cousin won't expect you at all. Oh, bate your dolls as much as you like!" as Bessie made an angry rush toward them; "it won't hurt their feelin's much, I guess. 

 There's Baby cryin'!" she added, suddenly, and hastened toward the room at the end of the hall. 

 Bessie meantime had snatched her largest doll from the chair where she was reposing, and belabored her soundly with a piece of whalebone that lay near at hand. Then, after shaking her heartily, she tossed her on to the bed, where she lay with her black eyes shut, as if overcome by her feelings. She was a very handsome wax doll, with chestnut hair done up like a lady's in puffs and curls. She had a somewhat haughty expression, carried her head a little to one side, and was dressed in the "latest style." 

 Grace, a porcelain-headed doll, dressed simply in a blue muslin and a white apron, received her punishment next, and was deposited by Miss Augusta's side. 

 But Winnie, dear Winnie, Bessie's favorite doll, could she have the heart to punish her this way?--Winnie, with her golden-brown curls and beautiful hazel eyes, and her dear little face rounded and moulded like a child's. How lovely was her smiling mouth! 

 With what confiding affection she seemed to look up at Bessie, as the latter took her up in a hesitating way! But the recollection of her lost pleasure came back to her, and with it the spite and anger that had animated her a moment before. Winnie received her whipping like the rest; but instead of tossing her on the bed, Bessie set her back in her little chair, turning her face to the window that she might not see it. 

 Somehow her anger seemed to have spent itself with that last whipping, and a feeling of shame was creeping into her little heart. 

 She had intended to go through her baby-house, chastising all its inmates, but instead she took a picture-book, and lay down on the lounge by the window. 

 How quiet everything seemed! Annie had carried Baby down stairs to feed him. 

 She heard no sound but the murmur of the sewing-machine in the next room, where Jane Kennedy, the seamstress, was working. 

 She felt drowsy and sleepy. Slowly her head sank down among the cushions of the lounge, and the drooping eyelids closed. 

 A rustling sound near her made her open them with a start, and in a minute more she was sitting bolt-upright, staring with all her eyes. 

 For there stood a little figure no taller than Winnie, dressed in a white fleecy robe trailing on the ground. Her soft black hair reached to her feet, and over it she wore a wreath that sparkled like dew-drops in the sun. 

 Some fear mingled with Bessie's admiration as she gazed upon her. For a frown was on the fairy's brow, and the dark eyes she fixed upon the child were full of displeasure. 

 Tap, tap, tap, came the sound of little feet approaching. Bessie looked round, then shrank back, terror-stricken. Well she might, for her dolls Augusta and Grace had somehow found the use of their limbs, and were rapidly nearing the lounge. But they paused not far from the fairy, and reached out their little hands to her with a supplicating gesture. 

 "Kind fairy! good fairy!" they said, in shrill piping voices, "avenge the wrong done to us.
