The nostrils should be flared, with large eyes that are protruding, dark, and brilliant.  The ears should be erect and taper to the lips gently.  The look on their face should be smart, awake, and stoic, with a curved and sinuous neck.  The shoulders ought to be tall and thin, the chest large and muscular, and the back should be wide.  You should look for a barrel-shaped body, with the hip-to-tail space being long and narrowing up to the latter organ, which absolutely must be near the top of the croup.  The front and rear legs should be spaced far apart.  The front legs should be muscular with wide knees and hocks that have a long width.  Finally, the ideal horse should have flat, muscular legs, long pasterns, and large round feet.  

A staring, or rough, coat makes the horse look very bad, even if it's otherwise wonderful.  The hair should be smooth and very shiny, provided that the horse has been well taken care of.  

The mane and tail should both be of moderate length.  If too short, the animal will be lacking in grace, but if too long, they will interfere with comfortable riding.  

Only certain colors are truly desirable.  The best coloration is bright bay with black mane, tail, and legs, and with a white spot either on a heel or the forehead.  Too much white, however, detracts from the horses beauty.  Chestnut is the second best color, as long as there isn't any white.  Gray is another good color, especially if the mane and tail are black, since the contrasting color is visually pleasing.  Only the deepest jet black is acceptable.  Any other shade of black, brown, red, white, or combination thereof are not appropriate for this application, although some look rather nice when used in other ways.  

It is of the utmost importance that the horse's height match the lady's, since a too-big horse will make a short woman look just as silly as a tall woman on a Shetland pony.  Ideally, the average 5-foot-four woman should find a horse that is about 15 hands tall, from the ground to the point of the shoulder.  

At a minimum, a lady's horse should perfect the walk and canter, since these will be the most often used paces by a lady.  A quick, sure, and confident step defines a good walking pace, while the canter should be light and effortless.  The other two paces, the gallop and the trot, are rarely employed by sophisticated ladies, but to be the truly perfect horse, these paces should anyway come easily to both the horse and rider.  The gallop should be as effortless as the canter, and the trot should be extremely precise, and should jostle the feminine rider as little as possible, so that she may enjoy the thrill and vigor of the pace without hurting herself too much.
