Unfortunately, Noah took the idea to light a fire to cook the trout, the parties have been stolen from my room. Had been dry for several days, there was good wind, and fire, the capture of the broom, quickly went beyond that required for culinary purposes. The boys first tried to suffocate on their coats, but seeing that serves no ran home to raise the alarm. By the time the men could reach the scene of the fire had spread so quickly that attention should be made to try to save the houses. The doctor's house was the most directly threatened at first, and proceeded to strip it of all furniture, all that leads to the waterfront to be ready to be removed if necessary. 
The medical doctor was on duty, and you can imagine my feelings when I expected every moment to see the Northern Light coming around the point, the doctor's house on fire and household goods scattered to the wind! Then dismantled this place - the children have been sent from the beginning to a safe place - and retired the hospital patients. Every man in the place was hard at work, and there were few who dared to hope that we have a roof over our heads that night. Fortunately, the wind dropped suddenly the firing ceased, and late at night we could go back and try to solve the baby and furniture. The goddess of disorder reigned supreme, and it was only after many hours of fatigue that we have been able to find beds for infants and babies in their beds. And it was our boys who started the fire! I am full of confusion every second when I stop to think about it, and I wonder if this is not the psychological moment for my departure from this mission. 

July 11 

By invitation from the doctor I'm going for a trip next week's Northern Light. He gives me the opportunity to see other parts of the coast before I fall into the Iron Bound Islands, where you can connect to the south-going coastal steamer. The Prophet has encouraged me with the observation that "almost all the ladies women that comes on board his wonderful you get sick," but I will not be deterred. 

This is a simple piece of a greeting for the day of departure is so close that I feel I want to spend every minute with the little ones. I count on your patience and understanding that despite my pen is quiet, my heart still remains unrivaled.
