The cheers of the Queen Charlotte were loudly echoed by those of the Leander and the contents of her starboard broadside as quickly followed, carrying destruction into the groups of row-boats as the smoke opened, the fragments of boats were seen floating, their crews swimming and scrambling, as many as escaped the shot, to the shore,another broadside annihilated them. The enemy was not slack in returning this warm salute for almost before the shot escaped from our guns, a man standing on the forecastle bits hauling on the topsail buntlines received a musket bullet in his left arm which broke the bone and commenced the labours in the cockpit.
The action became general as soon as the ships had occupied their positions and we were engaged with the batteries on either side so close were we that the enemy were distinctly seen loading their guns above us. After a few broadsides we brought our starboard side to bear on the Fish-market and our starboard side then looked to seaward. The rocket-boats were now throwing rockets over our ships into the mole the effects of which were occasionally seen on the shipping on our starboard bow. The Dutch flag was to be seen flying at the fore of the Dutch Admiral, who, with his squadron were engaging the batteries to the eastward of the mole. The fresh breeze which brought us in was gradually driven away by the cannonade, and the smoke of our guns so hung about us that we were obliged to wait until it cleared for the men took deliberate and certain aims training their guns until they were fully satisfied of their precision.

But our enemies gave us no reason to suppose that they were idle,so great was the havoc which they made amongst us that the surgeon in his report stated that sixty-five men were brought to him wounded after the first and second broadsides.

About four o'clock a boat with an officer came with orders from the admiral to cease firing as an attempt to destroy the Algerine frigates was about to be made.

Accordingly three boats pushed into the mole, running the gauntlet in gallant style,they boarded the outermost frigate which was found deserted by her crew and in a few minutes she was in a blaze in doing this the boat's crews suffered severely. The smoke of our last broadside had scarcely left us when the Algerines renewed their fire of musketry upon our decks, fortunately the men were lying down by the guns and the officers alone were marks for them but one midshipman was their only victim at this time. The masts began to suffer in all parts, splinters were falling from them and shreds of canvass from the sails came down upon us in great quantities ,traces, bowlines, and other running gear suffered equallythe shrouds fore and aft got cut up so quickly, that the rigging men attempted in vain to knot them and were at last forced to leave the rigging to its fate.

When the boats returned we recommenced our fire with renewed vigour occasionally a flag-staff was knocked down, a fact which was always announced with a cheer each captain of a gun believing himself to be the faithful marksman.

The Algerine squadron now began as it were to follow the motions of the outer frigate.The rockets had taken effect and they all burned merrily together. A hot shot about this time, struck a powder-box on which powder-boy was sitting,poor fellow, was blown up and others near him was dreadfully scorched.

Through the intervals of smoke, the sad devastation in the enemy's works was made visible. The whole of the mole head near the Queen Charlotte was a ruin and the guns were consequently silenced but we were not so fortunate with the Fish-market.The guns there still annoyed us and ours seemed to make no impression. A battery in the upper angle of the town was also untouched and we were so much under it that the shot actually came through our decks without touching the bulwarks and we could not elevate our guns sufficiently to check them.

As the sun was setting behind the town, the whole of the shipping in the mole were in flames.Their cables burned through ,left them at the mercy of every breeze.The outermost frigate threatened the Queen Charlotte with a similar fate but a breeze sent her clear on towards the Leander,the most intense heat came from her and we expected every moment to be in contact with the flames were burning with great power at the mast heads and the loose fire was flying about in such a way that there seemed little chance of our escaping but we checked her progress towards us by firing into her and in the act of hauling out, we were rejoiced to see a welcome sea-breeze alter the direction of the flames aloft and the same breeze soon reached her hull and we had the satisfaction in a few minutes to see her touch the shore to which she belonged.
