As the crews of the enemy ship quickly endeavoured an escape to shore, the Queen Charlotte immediately dispatched them with a thundering blast of her broadside, following the destruction of the several escape boats.  As the residual smoke cleared, the leftover planks and wood were seen slowing sinking into the dark sea below.  However, the enemy persisted, and managed to kill one of the crewmen standing on the forecastle, severing his left arm, bone and all, with a well aimed shot from a musket.

The battle was well under way as soon as both ships were in position, and we were receiving fire from both the left and the right.  We were so close that we were able to clearly see the enemy reloading their cannons right on top of us.  After a few broadsides, we brought our starboard towards the market, so our larboard was facing the sea.  The artillery boats kept on lobbing rockets into our mol, and we could see the explosions from the larboard bow.  The flying flag of the Dutch was meant to be hoisted at the fore of the ship "Dutch Admiral", and his entourage, whom were trying to repel the oncoming onslaught to the east of the said mole.  The men of our ship wanted to wait until the gun smoke cleared before taking any shot, else it be wasted and the advantage lost.

Our foe was anything but weak, the casualties on our side, as noted by the report of our surgeon, that a full 65 men had already been brought to his surgery room after the first and second volley of cannons on our broadsides.

The admiral gave ceasefire orders at about 4 o clock, he sent one lone officer on a boat, as the operation to dismantle the Algerine frigates was about to begin.

It involved firstly by sending three emissary boats into the mole, of which they would immediately board the farthest frigate on their side.  Strangely it was found deserted, but the men took no chance and set it on fire, but not without consequence, for the crew of these boats became martyrs.  During this we were still in battle with the Algerines, but fortunately only one of our midshipmen fell under their fire, as the others were well shielded under the guns.  The masts slowly but surely, began to falter, bits of wood and shreds of canvass cascading down from above.  the rest of the ship was in decline as well, the shrouds, bowlines, and other gear were quickly deemed obsolete by the repairman whom attempted repairs.

When the initial emissary boats came back from the first assault, we saw that despite our ship's condition, that the plan was going smoothly.  With this in mind, our men fired upon the enemy with an aggression and passion like no other.  Whenever a flag-staff was hit, there would be joyous cheers, followed by quick verbal jousts as to who would be given the recognition of the shot.

The inner squad of the Algerine quickly followed the fates of the outer frigate, the rockets had done their job nicely, and as a bonus, a powder-box was struck and dispatched 2 men who had the misfortune to be nearby.

Between the smoke, we can see the damage done, the mole by the Queen Charlotte was shredded beyond recognition, and so were the guns on it.  Yet by the fish-market we still had frequent volleys of gunfire coming to us, and our retaliation seemed to have little effect.  In the upper part of the town the batter there was barely scathed, and we were so under it that shots came cleanly through our decks, but we did not have time to check the bulwarks in there.

As dusk arrived the same golden color of the setting sun matched the flames in the mole, the sea breeze keeping the flames ignited and burning.  The farthest frigate was closest to the Queen Charlotte and thus we risked sharing the same fate, but fortunately a breeze carried us on towards the Leader.  Despite the almost unbearable heat of the great flames ahead, and the little prospect of escape, we continued on our trajectory and never stopped checking her progress towards us, by giving fire and not giving up.  Our efforts paid off as we witnessed the change in the flame direction by a sudden but welcomed breeze.  We all took a few moments to bask in the satisfaction and relief of our brave endeavour, as we saw her reach her home shores.
