A baronet now living was said to have lost at Watier's L.10,000 at one sitting, at ecarté. In 1814, Brummell lost not only all his winnings, but "an unfortunate L.10,000," as he expressed it, the last that he had at his bankers. Brummell was now ruined; and, to prevent the possibility of his recovery at any future period, he raised money at ruinous interest, and finally made his escape to Calais. 

 Still, when every thing else forsook him, his odd way of telling his own story remained. 

 On his being asked why he did not advertise a reward for it, he answered--"I did; and twenty people came with sixpences with holes in them for the reward, but not my sixpence." 

 "And you never heard any more of it?" "No," he replied; "no doubt that rascal Rothschild, or some of that set, have got hold of it." But the Beau's retreat from London was still to be characteristic. As it had become expedient that he must make his escape without eclat, on the day of his intended retreat he dined coolly at his club, and finished his London performances by sending from the table a note to his friend Scrope Davies, couched in the following prompt and expressive form:-- 

 "MY DEAR SCROPE,--Lend me two hundred pounds: the banks are shut, and all my money is in the 3 per cents. 

 It shall be repaid to-morrow morning.--Yours, GEORGE BRUMMELL." 

 The answer was equally prompt and expressive-- 

 "MY DEAR GEORGE,--It is very unfortunate, but all my money is in the 3 per cents.--Yours, S. DAVIES." 

 Such is the story; 

 "I cannot tell how the truth may be, I tell the tale as 'twas told to me." 

 Nothing daunted, the Beau went to the opera, allowed himself to be seen about the house, then quickly retiring, stepped into a friend's chaise and met his own carriage, which waited for him a short distance from town. Travelling all night with four horses, he reached Dover by morning, hired a vessel to carry him over, and soon left England and his creditors behind. He was instantly pursued; but the chase stopped on reaching the sea. 

 Debtors could not then be followed to France, and Brummell was secure. 

 The 

 little, rude, and thoroughly comfortless town of Calais was now to be the place of residence, for nearly the rest of his life, to a man accustomed to the highest luxuries of London life, trained to the keenest sensibility of London enjoyment, and utterly absorbed in London objects of every kind. 

 Ovid's banishment among the Thracians could scarcely be a more formidable change of position. Yet Brummell's pleasantry did not desert him even in Calais. On some passing friend's remark on the annoyance of living in such a place--"Pray," said the Beau, "is it not a general opinion that a gentleman might manage to spend his time pleasantly enough between London and Paris?" 

 At Calais he took apartments at the house of one Leleux, an old bookseller, which he fitted up to his own taste; and on which, as if adversity had no power to teach him common prudence, he expended the greater part of the 25,000 francs which, by some still problematical means, he had contrived to carry away with him. 

 This was little short of madness; but it was a madness which he had been practising for the last dozen years, and habit had now rendered ruin familiar to him. At length a little gleam of hope shone across his fortunes. George IV. arrived at Calais on his way to Hanover. The Duke d'Angoulême came from Paris to receive his Majesty, and Calais was all in a tumult of loyalty. 

 The reports of Brummell's conduct on this important arrival, of the King's notice of him, and of the royal liberality in consequence, were of every shape and shade of invention. 

 But all of them, except the mere circumstance of the King's pronouncing his name, seem to have been utterly false.
