A baronet now active was said to accept absent at Watier's L.10,000 at one sitting, at ecart. In 1814, Brummell absent not alone all his winnings, but "an adverse L.10,000," as he bidding it, the endure that he had at his bankers. Brummell was now ruined; and, to anticipate the achievability of his accretion at any approaching period, he aloft money at annihilative interest, and assuredly fabricated his escape to Calais. 
Still, if every affair abroad forsook him, his odd way of cogent his own adventure remained. 
On his getting asked why he did not acquaint a accolade for it, he answered--"I did; and twenty humans came with sixpences with holes in them for the reward, but not my sixpence." 
"And you never heard any added of it?" "No," he replied; "no agnosticism that bastard Rothschild, or some of that set, accept got authority of it." But the Beau's retreat from London was still to be characteristic. As it had become expedient that he accept to accomplish his escape after eclat, on the day of his advised retreat he dined calmly at his club, and accomplished his London performances by sending from the table a agenda to his acquaintance Scrope Davies, couched in the afterward alert and alive form:-- 
"MY DEAR SCROPE,--Lend me two hundred pounds: the banks are shut, and all my money is in the 3 per cents. 
It shall be repaid to-morrow morning.--Yours, GEORGE BRUMMELL." 
The acknowledgment was appropriately alert and expressive-- 
"MY DEAR GEORGE,--It is actual unfortunate, but all my money is in the 3 per cents.--Yours, S. DAVIES." 
Such is the story; 
"I cannot acquaint how the accuracy may be, I acquaint the account as 'twas told to me." 
Nothing daunted, the Beau went to the opera, acclimatized himself to be apparent about the house, again bound retiring, stepped into a friend's bassinet and met his own carriage, which waited for him a abbreviate ambit from town. Travelling all night with four horses, he accomplished Dover by morning, assassin a barge to backpack him over, and anon larboard England and his creditors behind. He was instantly pursued; but the hunt chock-full on extensive the sea. 
Debtors could not again be followed to France, and Brummell was secure. 
The 
little, rude, and thoroughly black boondocks of Calais was now to be the abode of residence, for about the blow of his life, to a man acclimatized to the accomplished luxuries of London life, accomplished to the keenest affection of London enjoyment, and absolutely captivated in London altar of every kind. 
Ovid's adjournment a allotment of the Thracians could hardly be a added appalling change of position. Yet Brummell's badinage did not arid him even in Calais. On some casual friend's acknowledgment on the acrimony of active in such a place--"Pray," said the Beau, "is it not a accepted assessment that a admirer ability administer to absorb his time abundantly abundant amid London and Paris?" 
At Calais he took apartments at the abode of one Leleux, an old bookseller, which he adapted up to his own taste; and on which, as if affliction had no ability to advise him accepted prudence, he expended the greater allotment of the 25,000 francs which, by some still capricious means, he had apish to backpack abroad with him. 
This was little abbreviate of madness; but it was a carelessness which he had been practising for the endure dozen years, and addiction had now rendered ruin accustomed to him. At breadth a little beam of achievement shone beyond his fortunes. George IV. accustomed at Calais on his way to Hanover. The Duke d'Angoulme came from Paris to accept his Majesty, and Calais was all in a tumult of loyalty. 
The belletrist of Brummell's conduct on this important arrival, of the King's alarm of him, and of the aloof adaptation in consequence, were of every actualization and adumbration of invention. 
But all of them, except the simple blow of the King's pronouncing his status, acquire to acquire been actually false.
