And yet, it is far better? Is not it true that somehow the fiction, the arts, is a peculiar, unusual exempted from the rules that bind the rest? The fact that a novel is well designed, well-proportioned and really make a big difference in their power to please -? And we will answer honestly, because if not, then it is pedantry to force those standards on a novel. 
In other arts, can be otherwise, and certainly a balance statue or painting is a crime malformed clear view, however, cleverly life can be copied. The same is true of a novel, perhaps, if the ruling is very bad, very marked, but it would be difficult to say that even this is necessarily fatal, or that a novel can live triumphantly not even the worst aberrations of this kind. 

We know from the novels that everyone admits to be poorly constructed, but they are so full of life that does not seem to matter. Can we not conclude that the shape, design, composition, have a very different take on the art of fiction than any other you may have in other places? 

And on the other hand, these expressions, applied to art without a view of literature, should fit loosely insecure and the best - do not you think so? These words usurped from other arts, words that are a visible and measurable object, painted or carved. To criticize the art of fiction that has no language other than that is designed to gear material, and although one might think that to talk about the colors and values and the prospect of a novel is natural and legitimate, not But these are just metaphors, after all, that can not be tightened.

A book begins a series of ideas in the reader's head, the ideas that are concentrated and arranged in some kind of system, but it is only by the help of analogies from fantasy that we can treat the mass as a definite object. 

These phrases can give advice and suggestions on the method of the novelist, the question is too vague for more. Even if a critic memory were infallible, and never can be, yet it would be impossible for him to give a very scientific explanation of the structure of the simplest data, which ultimately can not put your finger on a single effects referred. When two men stare at a picture, at least two lines of sight are at a point on the canvas, they can dispute this, but the image stops. And yet they find that the criticism has its difficulties, it seems. The literary critic with nothing to choose, but the volume only in hand, we must recognize that their desire to be precise, to be defined, be clear and precise in his statements, is hopelessly vain. 

Everything is undeniable, indeed, for all parts that make criticism of a book - not the people in the book, not the character of the author but the book - is impossible. We can not remember the book, and even if we could, we would be unable to describe in literal terms and unambiguous. You can not do, and all I can say is that perhaps can be addressed, perhaps the book can be seen, a little more closely, one way than another. It is a modest claim, and my own attempt to say it will be even more modest. A little-known novels, a dozen writers possibly even less - just enough if I can see this small group with some particularity. And I consider them, too, with no idea of criticizing all its aspects, or more than one. How are the only question I would ask, and if in fact that is a question that certainly raises a number of others - questions of the intent of the novelist, his choice of a topic, the shape of your imagination , and so on - which will continue no farther than I can help. 

As for the few novels that I speak, they shall be as they seem more clearly illustrate the various elements of the ship, one need not vary much to find them, or if selection does not matter, any other point of view, must seem arbitrary. Many big names can be overlooked because it is not always the largest of which method of work gives a practical example, on the other hand, the best example is always found among the majors, and is essential to keep your company. 

But first, something can be said for reading a novel. 

The start of the criticism is to read correctly, ie, contact with the book as close. 

It is a forlorn hope - that is admitted, but there are degrees of no avail. 

II 

A book has a certain way, we all agree, which is how a particular book can be either good or bad, and if it matters - these are the points of debate, but a book is a way, this not discussed.
