Is it so much the better? Is it true that among the arts, the fiction is a peculiar case, which is unusually free from from the rules that unite the rest? A well designed, well balanced novel, really make a very great difference in its power to please—Is it a fact? If we don’t answer it honestly, it is sophistry to force these rules upon a novel.
It may be otherwise in other arts, and no doubt an irregular statue or an ill-composed painting, however expertly it may copy life, is a plain offence to the eye. Perhaps, this is true for a novel, if the fault is very bad, very marked; yet it would be hard to say that even so it is necessarily serious, or that a novel cannot elatedly live down the worst aberrations of this kind.
We are familiar with novels which are admitted to be badly constructed, but are so full of life that it does not appear to matter. We have to conclude that form, designs, composition; have a rather different demeanor upon the art of fiction than any they may have elsewhere?
Besides, these expressions must fit it loosely and insecurely at best applied - does it not seem so? They are words assumed from other arts, words that suppose a visible and measurable object, painted or engraved. We have no other language for criticizing the craft of fiction than that has been formulated for the substantial arts; and though we may feel that to talk of the colors and values and perspective of a novel is natural and genuine, yet these are only images, after all, that cannot be closely pressed.
A book sets up a train of ideas in the head of the reader, which are massed and arranged on some kind of system. But to treat the mass as a definite object, we need the help of imaginary analogies.
Those phrases may give hints and suggestions which are concerned with the novelist; still, the whole affair is too hazy for more. Even if a critic's memory were infallible, as it can never be, still it would be impossible for him to give a really scientific account of the structure of the simplest book, since in the last resort he cannot lay his finger upon a single one of the effects to which he refers. When two men stand looking at a picture, at least their two lines of vision meet at a point upon the canvas; they may argue about it, but the picture stands still. And even if they realize that criticism has its difficulties, it would appear. The literary critic, with nothing to point to but the mere volume in his hand, must recognize that his wish to be precise, to be definite, to be clear and exact in his statements, is hopelessly vain.
It is all indubitable, no doubt; from every side we make out that the criticism of a book is impossible. I’m not talking about the people in the book, not the character of the author, but exclusively about the book. Even if we could remember the book, we should still be unable to describe it in literal and unambiguous terms. The only thing to be said is that perhaps it can be approached; perhaps the book can be seen, a little more closely in one way than in another. It is a self-effacing claim, and my own attempt to emphasize it will be still more modest. It will be enough, if I can view a few novels of some famous writers, with some particularity. I shall consider them, with no idea of criticizing all their aspects. How they are made indeed? That is the question which incidentally rises. 
For the other few novels about which I shall speak of, will appear to exemplify the various elements of the craft. If the selection should seem subjective, one need not range widely to find them. Many great names may be ignored, for it is not always the greatest who give the best example; but the best example is always to be found among the great, and it is essential to keep to their company.
But something may first be said of the reading of a novel.
The beginning of criticism to get in touch with the book as nearly as may be 
It is a hopeless enterprise--that is admitted; but there are degrees of unsuccess.
We all agree that a book has a certain form. It may be good or bad. All these are points of debate; but undoubtedly a book has a form.
