The cheapest thing we can do for the Islands and for that part of the world, is to furnish this culture. It is better to educate our ministry there, than to send it thither from these remote shores. Indeed we are shut up to this, as our main policy. The providential indications are perfectly clear.
Through the grace of God and the gospel of his Son, all the means, excepting such as are pecuniary, for perpetuating Christianity at the Islands, are already there. Mr. Armstrong, the Minister of Instruction at the Islands, writing to one of the Secretaries of the American Board under date of January 2, 1856, bears this remarkable testimony:--

"During the year 1855, just closed," he says, "I visited all the Islands, and every missionary station, in the course of my official duty, and had good opportunities for seeing how the brethren conduct the affairs of their respective stations, and the success that has crowned their labors.

I found them all at their posts, hard at work, watching for souls, and promoting the welfare of their people in various ways. As a class, they are very laborious and self-denying, and the advancement of their people in knowledge, industry, civilization and religion, is the best evidence of their success. I have lived for weeks on weeks among the natives, lodging with them in their huts, partaking of their homely fare and sleeping on their mats; and the more I see of them, the more I bless God for what he has done for them. I do not believe there is a community on earth, of the same number, more entirely pervaded by the blessed gospel.

In the remotest corners of the land, I find a Bible and Hymn-book in nearly every house, if there was nothing else."

We may say of the faithful men, who, ceasing to be missionaries in the technical sense, are now laboring as pastors of churches, superintendents of education, or professors in the native College, or as physicians, teachers, editors, or Christian merchants:--"Except these abide in the ship, ye cannot be saved."

Had the great body of these men left the Islands in the year 1848, the native government could not long have survived the catastrophe; and now, and for years to come, they will be, under God, the most effectual safeguard the Hawaiian Government and people can possibly have. Remaining there, with their numerous and healthy families of children, and furnished with facilities for educating those children, the government, the nation, the Islands will continue, with the ordinary blessing of Heaven, to be Christian, evangelical, a glorious monument of the triumphs of the gospel, a light enlightening the benighted groups lying far to the westward, and a cause for admiring gratitude to the whole Christian world!

Surely results like these are worth a great outlay for their preservation; but this cannot be effectually done without the speedy institution of a College at the Islands, where a portion of the children of foreign parents, and some of the more promising of the native youth, may receive that liberal education which is deemed so important in this country.

2. There is another and highly interesting view of the subject. This Christian community at the Sandwich Islands,--mixed in blood, but one in Christ,--should be regarded as a centre of light and influence for the large number of inhabited but benighted Islands scattered over the far and vast WEST of the Pacific Ocean.

This missionary enterprise in the insular world beyond, besides its intrinsic importance, is among the necessary means, by its reacting influence, of raising the Hawaiian churches to the point of self-support and self-control; and its value, in this view, is already delightfully evident. The pecuniary means for supporting missionaries in Micronesia who are sent from the United States, must of course come in great measure from this country; but the support of missionaries and native assistants drawn from the Hawaiian churches, (as well as much of the labor connected with the details of the business,) may be thrown upon the 'Hawaiian Missionary Society,' which is independent of the American Board; and no small portion of the missionaries may at length be obtained from among the alumni of the Oahu College. Dr. Gulick, one of the first missionaries to Micronesia, is the son of a missionary at the Sandwich Islands, though educated in the United States; and the missionary children at the Islands are associated together to provide among themselves the means for his support.
