The cheapest we can do for the islands and part of the world, is to provide culture. It is better to educate our ministry there, sending it beyond these shores away. In fact, we have enclosed in this, as our main policy. Providential indications are perfectly clear. 
Through the grace of God and the gospel of his Son, all media, except that be cash, to perpetuate Christianity in the islands are already there. Mr. Armstrong, the Minister for Education in the Islands, written by one of the secretaries of the American Board dated January 2, 1856, has this remarkable testimony: - 

"During the year 1855, just closed," he says, "I visited all the islands, and every missionary station in the course of my official duty, and had good opportunities to see how the brothers conduct the affairs of their respective stations , and the success that has crowned their efforts. 

I found them at their posts, working hard, looking for souls, and promote the welfare of their people in different ways. As a class, are very industrious and self-denial, and the advancement of their peoples in the knowledge industry, civilization and religion, is the best proof of its success. I have lived for weeks in the weeks between the natives, housing them in their huts, sharing their rates and cozy to sleep on their mats, and the more I see of them, rather than bless God for what he has done for them. I do not think there is a community on earth, the same number, more fully permeated by the blessed gospel. 

In the most remote corners of the earth, I think a Bible and hymn book in almost every house, if there was anything else. " 

We can say of the faithful men, who, ceasing to be missionaries in the technical sense, are now working as church pastors, superintendents of education, or native teachers in the College, or as doctors, teachers, publishers, and merchants Christians: - "Except these abide in the ship, you can not be saved." 

If the great body of these men went to the islands in 1848, the native government could not long have survived the disaster, and now, and in the coming years will be, under God, the most effective safeguard Hawaii and the government people can possibly have. Staying there, with their large families and healthy children, and furnished with facilities for the education of children, government, the nation, the British will continue, with the blessing of Heaven ordinary to be a Christian, evangelical, a monument glorious triumphs of the gospel, a light that shines ignorant groups now extends westward, and a source of admiration around the world thanks to Christian! 

Undoubtedly, results like these deserve a big payout for conservation, but this can not be effectively carried out without the rapid institution of a university on the islands, where some of the children of foreign parents, and some of the most promising indigenous youth may appear that liberal education is considered so important in this country. 

2. There is another very interesting point of view of the subject. The Christian community in the Sandwich Islands - mixing in the blood, but one in Christ - must be considered as a center of light and influence to the large number of inhabited islands, but ignorant in the west to spread far and wide Pacific Sea 

This missionary enterprise in the world beyond the island, in addition to their intrinsic importance, is one of the resources necessary, for its influence to react, to raise churches from Hawaii to the point of self-help and self-control, and value, in this view, and is delightfully evident. The monetary means to support missionaries in Micronesia, sent from the United States must, of course, come in this country greatly, but the support of missionaries and native helpers from churches in Hawaii (as well as much of the labor associated with corporate data), can be cast to the "Hawaiian Missionary Society, which is independent of the American Board, and no small part of the missionaries in a position to obtain from the Alumni of the College of Oahu. Dr. Gulick, one of the first missionaries to Micronesia, is the son of a missionary in the Sandwich Islands, although educated in the United States, and the missionary children in the islands are associated with one another to provide between them the means by support.
