Therefore, I did not know what was before me and I did not have any ordinary rules of procedure that can guie me.Still, the Commissioner allowed me to try to work against the attacks.

I have been informed that legal evidence will not be followed by the argument,but from newspaper extracts.

Mr.Lunt.

Very strong.

I have to say that everything of that kind has been offered by me.

The Commissioner.An article from the newspapers is being proposed to be read by the gentleman as part of his argument.

Mr. Dana.In order to affect the court's mind on the facts,it is being proposed to be read as evidence,which cannot be objected now.

When the offer has been made,I am sure the Commissioner willproperly meet it.

I do not know, what comes upon me,a pretty wide margin must be taken by me.In that case, it will be proper to make a statement of Mr.Davis's true position,referring to the principles involved in the case.

Your Honor,Not being the subjects of monarchy,which puts laws,where we don't involve.There is no hesitation to say that 1850 qct had been imposed upon us,who are a subject people by a monarchy, where we should have rebelled as one man.

There is no hesitation to say that if a province, mother country imposes this law without our participation,we should have rebelled as one man.

We are republic.

Our own laws are made by us.OUr own lawgivers are chosen by us.The laws we make are obeyed by us and the laws that we obey are made by us.

Though it is not constitutional, we feel that they are constitutional,due to its provisions.which is repealed or judicially abrogated.

The law was passed by our own city's representative's vote,who are being sent there by our votes.

Our own senator advocated that it was passed by the help of northern votes.Is there any remedy?It feels to me that the answer can be obtained from the statement of the case that it is in the people's hands and not by compelling poormen to put themselves in the canon's mouth.What is wanted is political courage which is shown in speech, through writings and through votings.

But, make known that, what all I have said is based on the idea that it is a repealable law.If I tell you that it is a part of the organic law, which is sunk deep down into national compact.which is never to be repealed,then we cannot answer for the consequences.But now we can be sure that it may be repealed in future.With that great argument,the defendant and myself can do nothing.The defendant cannot say anything to discourage coloured men from the use of force.We can remove his great means of influence from him.Neither myself, nor the defendant would throw out the strengths in denunciations against Southern men, who were born to slavery,who will pass over to Northern men who are responsible for this state.
