Therefore, not knowing what is before me, having no ordinary rules of procedure to guide me, the Commissioner will allow me to try to anticipate the attacks as well as I can. 

 For having had it intimated that the argument will not follow legal evidence, but extracts from newspapers-- 

 Mr. Lunt. 

 That is very strong. 

 I have offered you everything of that kind that I have to say. 

 The Commissioner. The gentleman proposes to read as part of his argument, an article from the newspapers. 

 Mr. Dana. He proposes to read it as evidence, to affect the mind of the court on the facts. I cannot object to it now. 

 When it is offered, I have no doubt it will be properly met by the Commissioner. 

 I say, not knowing what is to come upon me, I must take a pretty wide margin. In that view of the case, it will not be improper if I state what I understand to be the true position of Mr. Davis, with reference to the principles involved in this case. 

 May it please your Honor, we are not subjects of a monarchy, which has put laws upon us that we have no hand in making. I do not hesitate to say, here, that if the act of 1850 had been imposed upon us, a subject people, by a monarchy, we should have rebelled as one man. 

 I do not hesitate to say that if this law had been imposed upon us as a province, by a mother country, without our participation in the act, we should have rebelled as one man. 

 But we are a republic. 

 We make our own laws. We choose our own lawgivers. We obey the laws we make, and we make the laws we obey. 

 This law was constitutionally passed, though not constitutional, we think, in its provisions. It is the law until repealed or judicially abrogated. 

 Who passed this law? It was passed by the vote of the representative of our own city, whom we sent there by our own votes. 

 It was advocated by our own Senator. It was passed by the aid of northern votes. Where is the remedy? It strikes me that the statement of the case shows where the remedy is. It is in the hands of the people. It is not in standing behind and urging on poor men to put themselves in the cannon's mouth. It is political courage that is wanted. Courage shown in speech, through the pen, and through the ballot-box. 

 But be it known that all I have said is on the idea that this is a repealable law. If we are to be told that this is a part of the organic law, sunk down deep into national compact, and never to be repealed,--then neither you nor I can answer for the consequences. But now we can say that it is nothing but an act, that may be repealed tomorrow. Take from us that great argument, and what can the defendant and myself do? What can the defendant say to discourage colored men from the use of force? You take from him his great means of influence. I never have been one of those, and I think the defendant has never been one of those, who would throw out all their strength in denunciations against Southern men born to their institution of slavery, and pass over those Northern men who volunteer to bring this state of things upon us.
