Not knowing what to expect, having no ordinary rules of practice to guide me, I'm hoping the Judge will allow me to try to anticipate the attacks as well as I can. 
For having had it intimated that the argument will not follow legal evidence, but extracts from newspapers that are never news worthy.

Mr. Lunt. 

That is very strong and I'm sure un-true. 

I have offered you everything of that kind that I have to say. 

Judge. The gentleman proposes to read as part of his argument, an article from the newspapers, That evidence has never been verified. 

Mr. Dana. He proposes to read it as evidence, to affect the mind of the court on the facts. I cannot object to it now. 

When it is offered, I'm sure it will be properly met by the judge. 

In keeping my thoughts to myself, I question weather this is a court conspericy. But then again I may just be in over my head, just then I had a thought.


May it please your Honor, we are not subjects of a monarchy, which has put laws upon us that we have no hand in making. I do not hesitate to say, here, That this so called evidence is false
and should not be allowed.

I do not hesitate to say that if this evidence had been imposed upon us as a truth, it could be heard.. 

We  can not make our own laws. We can not choose our own lawgivers. We obey the laws we make, and we make the laws we obey. 

This eveidence has not passed, though not constitutional, we think, in its provisions. It is the law until repealed or judicially abrogated. 

Who has proof of this ?  
was it seen by our own Senator. It was wittnessed by anyone in this court room?. Where is the proof? It strikes me that the statement of the case shows where the proof is not .It is in the hands of the people. It is not in standing behind and urging on poor men to put themselves in the cannon's mouth. It is political courage that is wanted. Courage shown in speech, through the pen, and through the ballot-box. 

But be it known that all I have said is on the idea that this is a repealable case. If we are to be told that this is a part of the organic law, sunk down deep into national compact, and never to be repealed,--then neither you nor I can answer for the consequences. But now we can say that it is nothing but an act, that may be repealed tomorrow. Take from us that great argument, and what can the defendant and myself do? What can the defendant say to discourage our law men from the use of force? You take from him his great means of influence. I never have been one of those, and I think the defendant has never been one of those, who would throw out all their strength in denunciations against the injustice this case has brought? For we can not convict a man on the hearsay of the press.
