In some cases the ring is composed of isolated dark sections here and there with a glowing mass of rock brought in others curved ridges, forming a more or less complete ring. They vary in size from 60 miles or 70 to 15 miles or less. The large ring of Flamsteed north through 60 miles, is a notable example, and one is west of it in northern Wichmann, while a third is in the south-east of Encke, - in fact, Mare Procellarum abounds in objects of this type. 
The curious formation in the Mare Imbrium just south of Plato (called "Newton" by Schroter) may be placed in this category, as do many of the dark rings of low dimension much smaller than found in many sectors Mary. 

As noted elsewhere, these characteristics have the appearance of having once been training for a much more prominent and important, which have suffered destruction, more or less complete, being partially crushed by the material of "Seas ". 

RING-PLAIN .-- These are by far the most numerous of the walled enclosure of the moon, and although it is sometimes hard to decide which class, smooth-walled or single ring, some of the items should be placed, however, as a rule, the structural difference between the two is evident. 

The ring-plains vary in size from sixty to ten miles, and are much more regular in the contour of the wall-downs. Its walls, often very large, are more continuous, and fall to a steep slope to a floor almost always depressed below the region outside. 

The interior slopes generally show subordinates heights, terraces called, more or less concentrically arranged, and often extend in stages nearly to the foot inside the wall. 

Over the intervening valleys, these features are very striking objects when viewed in good condition with a great power. 

In some cases, can possibly represent the effects of slip of the upper portions of the wall, a lack of cohesion in the material it is made, but this hardly explains why the highest terrace is often nearly as high as the wall. 

Nasmyth, in his hypothesis of eruption, suggests that in this case may have been two eruptions in the same ventilation, a powerful, that formed the outer circle, and a second, and no less powerful, which has formed the inner circle. 

Ultimately, however, concluding that the terraces, as a rule, not due to any of those monsters of the eruption, is attributed to landslides. 

In any case, we can hardly imagine that the material position in a high angle as the formation of the ridge to the summit of many of the plain rings do not slide down often in large masses, and therefore are irregular plateaus in the low and flat parts of the slope, but not to explain the symmetrical arrangement of concentric terraces and valleys in between. 

The internal decline of the north-eastern wall of Plato exhibition that seems to be a landslide no doubt, as does that of Hercules on the north side, and numerous other cases, it could be argued, but in all appearance is very different from that of the terrace truth. 

The glacis or slope outside of a friction ring is invariably a much gentler slope that characterizes the internal decline, while the latter frequently descends into a varying angle of 60 degrees. to 50 degrees. on the crest of the wall from 10 degrees. to 2 degrees. at the bottom, where it meets the floor, the former extends over a long distance in a very flat gradient before it sinks to the general level of the surroundings. Also differs from the interior down, the fact that, although often crossed by valleys and crossed by deep ravines and irregular depressions, and covered with excrescences Humpy and craters, which rarely is that the characteristics comparable to the terraces, by usually present in the interior escarpment, one can trace it. 

irregularly shaped, elongated depressions, and very variable in size and depth, often found in the outer tracks of the border. Some of them consist of large cavities elliptical or sub-circular, showing many expansions and contractions, called "pockets", and suggests the idea that they were saucer-shaped hollow originally different than one cause or another have come together as rows of inosculating craters.
