As they quit the trenches to move forward into the open, they laughed and joked with one another.  The enemy's position had been taken by evening.  Seen bursting in front of the French troops are shrapnel and high-explosive 15-c.m. shells from German howitzers.  Heavy position-batteries fo howitzers are the weapons Germans prefer for such work although they also use other guns of the same caliber.

46-THE ILLUSTRATED WAR NEWS, NOV. 18, 1914

German bombardment has badly damaged Nieuport and it appears that half the houses have been struck by shells.  However, it has not suffered as much ruin as some of the surrounding villages.

The church was one of the worst losses at Nieuport.  Photographs show that it has been almost completely demolished.  Walls and pillars stand bare, and the roof and tower lie buried amid the wreckage on the ground.

With its twelfth-century Gothic windows, it was one of the finest examples of stone churches found in that part of the country.

Fighting continued at Nieuport after the German's attack shifted south to Ypres. [Photo by C.N.]

THE ILLUSTRATED WAR NEWS, NOV. 18, 1914-47

To be pitied are the inhabitants of those parts of France and Belgium that are still groaning under the German incubus.  Byeond the agony inflicted by the invaders in the form of house-burnings and executions is the intolerable misery to be borne by unfortunate householders who must feed and house the enemy soldiers.

Some idea of the infliction to which they are subjected can be gathered from this reproduced drawing.

It portrays officers of the motor-corps of the Nineteenth Germany Army Corps asleep in a house upon which they have descended.

The drawing is by a German artist.

48 -- THE ILLUSTRATED WAR NEWS, NOV. 18, 1914

Hard fighting on the Yser and West Flanders has fallen to the Naval Brigade made up of French bluejackets.  They are a strong force brought up from best to defensively reinforce the Belgians near the coast after the retreat from Antwerp.

Side by side with the British, their attack took Ypres on October 13 and then they held Dixmude for weeks.  "The Kaiser," according to an American who recently visited the Imperial headquaters in a "small city" on the Meuse, has changed his appearance a great deal.
