We are suspicious, imagining that is may be sort of a painful operation mentally. So often it's been easy to get, but is just a bald faced lie. The author pretends to regard someone in a positive way by complimenting that other person in a flagrant, obvious style. He makes these elaborate compliments to other people and not directly to the one he flatters and pretends to admire.

Why does the author lie? He must have some good reason for it, you'd think. There must be some cause for this type of defect.  Surely the author has real admiration for the person he seems to be putting on a pedestal. What's his angle, anyway? What is he up to? Is the author exercising a personal vendetta on  someone he used to really care about? Maybe he has grown tired of a friend and wants to politely ditch the old crony by passing him along to somebody else who has more time and patience for the relationship. It's not so difficult, on the face of it, to write a letter of introduction and recommendation. A friend or stranger may request this service which seems so simple. They never think about the potential outcome.

And what an outcome may arise! You'd have to be a master mind, a genius of economic theory, to count the ways this seemingly simple act affects the one called to deliver it. Once you agree to do it, your time no longer belongs to you. Your concentration is on a task that steals your time and your good humor. It would have been less annoying to just write a check, offer your credit card, or have your purse snatched. You feel the loss, just the same, even though it's 'only' your time that's lost. The social pressure is unrelenting. It's as if each of your Friends on Facebook has suggested you Friend ten of his Friends, and you didn't like the original Friend that much in the first place. So much of your time will be taken up scrolling through the News Feed to get past all these new pseudo-Friends. You groan, but what will you do? All your Friends clamor and you want to be popular. It's not so easy to 'quietly ignore' a request. Some can do it; some can't or won't. 

How satisfying it would be to ignore, erase, delete the whole transaction! If only the request could be pursued without a personal cost of attention! Maybe you could limit your security and never receive another message from the new Friend?

But, no, you have written a letter of introduction, more or less; you have claimed to be buddies, homies, real pals with this winner. The magic has taken hold. Your names are linked. The falsehood has been written and there is no one to blame. You are now at the mercy of the spell of seeming friendship and admiration. You smile with any of a variety of winking, laughing, dancing emoticons, happy hearts popping out of your head. Welcome, dear new Friend! What a clown our mutual Friend was for suggesting this! We join with the new pal in praising the one who suggested we be friend. It's all for the best, right?

Nobody would dream of analyzing the quality of this phony relationship. If you have 300 'Friends' you must be popular, you must be happy, you must be entertained. This is social gold.

Either you act falsely yourself or risk calling others out.

You'd rather do it than seem rude or unkind. If you were perfectly good and wise (a rare combination) you could shake off the phony scene, refuse insincere favors, and no matter how good your intentions, only Friend people you really care about. You could insist on being authentic. You could stop being a fake. Affection, true friendship is too fine to cheapen by faking it.

If you kiss your enemy, what do you have left for your friends? 

It true that we should love our enemies and all mankind, but that positive regard should be applied authentically. Stop to think what each individual needs and what you really need to offer. Don't treat everyone exactly the same. That's a lie. You don't care for each person in the same way.

Any of the new 'Friends' knows the value of racking up 'Likes' or recommendations. He or she knows what it's worth and how much hassle it's been for you.

Maybe they figured that this is a fair trade for some service rendered. Maybe they figure somebody owes them this favor. It's just they way things are, it's limited to no particular section of town or school. This runs through every section of human life. People take advantage of each other for their own gain.

We accept these suggestions, offers, requests as a sort of commericial transaction. It's not necessarily fair. It's like paying off somebody else's credit card. Your best friend burdens you with relationships you would not have sought, but you feel obligated to pick up. You have a load of social contacts that don't really please you. It may be like hearing elevator music instead of your favorite CD. You'd rather hear your fave, but somehow that elevator music that somebody else was humming has gotten stuck in your head. Who knows? Maybe the other guy didn't really enjoy it that much either.

You're stuck with it now though.
