Conrad held his words which he began to say in his merriment, wheh he noticed the change of his old friend. 
       Then he began to say himself that if he had a beard he would look just like ...He cannot finish his words as he heard the voice of the mistress blaming for his carelessness in his duty.so they left quickly towards the workshop.
             The commandant was very keen in inspecting and strengthening the forts to avoid  every possible advancement  of enemy.The reckless arrival of the countrymen in search of shelter for their family members,   household articles and cattle towards the city walls indicated the  approach of the enemey.  
            The country men poured in with long trains of waggons,droves of animals  and men with heavy loads towards the gates of Freiberg. The city authorities welcomed them  with courtsey as every ideal town must do at the time of crisis.
      Besides the town authorities were eager to have the help of the country men to fight against the enemy as the former General Bannier proved they are capable of defending for their freedom.
      In late December a powerful voice began to shout under the window of Mistress Bluthgen,and began to knock at the window hard.It was the widow of carpenter with a countrymen.They demanded for shelter there. 
             Hearing their brusque demand journeymen and apprentice rushed towards the window to see who is this.
            There stood six asses with heavy loads of flour. On the street a wagon with full of loads with two powerful horses was there.A woman was  inside with the load of household articles with a baby in her arms.This was followed by four cows led by a house maid and a dozen of sheep behind them.
        Mistress Blüthgen took only a few seconds to  familiarize with the situation.The man was miller from Erbisdorf. Conrad was aware of that.Mistress asked Conrad to open the door and let them inside.After unloading the goods from the wagon with great speed and leaving his family there, the miller left out to bring their other possessions. 
         Mistress Blüthgen joyfully remarked that they will not starve  anymore. She began to praise the Lord for this. She hopefully parayed that do not let the Swedes to come there or fire with shells. Then Hillner boldly said that any how we must prevent them.He remarked that God has given them  strong hands and brave hearts to defend against the enemy.

             CHAPTER IV

       THE ENEMEY BEFORE THE TOWN
