The writings of Miss Aguilar, sale, in two years, was 100,000 volumes. Murray's Encyclopedia of Geography, "more than 50,000 volumes were sold, and McCulloch" Dictionary of Commerce, "10,000 volumes. Poems of Alexander Smith, the sale in a few months, has reached 10,000. The sale of works by Mr. Thackeray was four times that of England, and the work of Mr. Dickens has about a million volumes. In "Bleak House" in all its various forms - newspapers, magazines and volumes - which has already reached hundreds of thousands of copies. In the latest novel by Bulwer, it was completed, the sale, as I say, has exceeded 35,000. Thiers French Revolution and the Consulate, "has sold 32,000, and the publication of Lord Montagu of the works of Bacon 4,000 copies.

If the books were great in England, because I'm here, English writers were paid in full. In response to say their books are cheaper here, because we do not pay any copyright. Paying agents, however, a very small amount would have been necessary if all the people of England could afford to, as they should be able to do, buy books. Contribution to give a shilling, as has been demonstrated, the sum of nearly eight million dollars, enough to pay the salaries of hundreds of fifteen almost identical to those of our state.

Centralization, however, destroys the book market, and sales are so small, and some writers owe their success to luck is a large collection of contributions from a small number of readers, while the bulk of the staff of life, as poor Tom Hood, day after day, and certainly can not hope for an improvement of their condition.

Sixty

Since then, Britain is a rich, abundant in libraries and universities, and give the world some of the best and highest paid writers of the time.

At that time, the people of this country had more than four million dollars, and they were poor, while no books or libraries. They have since increased to twenty-six million million of them were migrants usually come here with nothing but the clothes on their backs. These poor people have to create for themselves - the farms, roads, houses, libraries, schools and colleges, and yet, poor as they were, now offer an application for the main products of the mind English is greater than that found at home. If we can make a market, why not? Had the market, the authors do not pay all of its merits? No doubt it;and if deemed necessary to follow a system that tends to depreciate the services of workers in the field, workshop and office, there is no reason to call the people of this country to fill gaps that contribute to their pleasure or instruction in writing books, we would not ask for help to support hundreds of thousands of workers, their wives and children, that the same system unpitied sentence in the hospital.

But you ask, is it true that we must read the works of Macaulay, Dickens, and others, without compensation to the authors?


In response, we can say that we are giving them exactly what their countrymen have given their Dalton, Davy, Wollaston, Franklin, Parry, and thousands of others who have been provided to agencies whose books are - and more than actually give men among us engaged in Crop Science - reputation. That said, the return of light, but Byron was more than enough when he first saw the American edition of his works, coming as it seemed to him, "posterity". Miss Bremer could not find a small premium to know of his work in high regard in which he stated, and it is a small fee, where even in the western desert, he met several people who wanted to ride for free because it was a delight to offer them.


Miss Carlen told his readers that "a triumph" was proud. "It was, he says," When I got my hands for the first time, one of my books have been translated and published in the United States. My eyes filled with tears. The dreams of the brightest young again I passed.

You Americans had planted the seed, and also approved the fruit! "It is the feeling of a writer who cultivated literature with an object in another view that benefit alone.
