I Suspect.

I heard Henry Clay announce the same doctrine, long before our civil war. I've also heard similar statements uttered on the floor of our Senate by the wise and good twenty years ago when we were on the threshold of one of the bloodiest wars ever devastated this or any other country.

Therefore, I doubt that mankind has reached the eminence where you can look back at the wars and rumors of war, and finally to a state of perpetual peace.

No, my friends, I think people are the same today as it was in the beginning.

Not only is a rational being, have passions and feelings that may need to be constrained by the strength and all the conservative people must be ready and willing to meet with conflict when it comes. Being prepared is the best answer to this question. [Applause].

Now, my friend, you gave me drink this evening to answer, is a bit 'confusing for me. We have heard this evening, the principles listed in their own society - ". Ideas of New England" to be completely known as the Catechism.

[. Applause and laughter] I heard that they are complemented by a sort of codicil, a large part of our country - possibly half - is still troubled, and that man of the North is not welcome here.

I know from my own knowledge that two thirds of the territory of the United States are not yet resolved.

I think when our Pilgrim Fathers landed on Plymouth Rock; they began the war of civilization against barbarism, which has not yet been completed in America. The Nation, then, as Mr. Beecher has well said, unlike started by our fathers, to achieve greater masculinity - a masculinity of Virtue, a masculinity of courage, manliness of faith, who want a virility properties Contact God himself.

Even accepting all people the freedom of well-known on earth, which Yankee believes that individuals should have ownership of the architect, must be the same civilization wherever he goes, building school houses and churches are all the same, and every time a Yankee has gone so far made its principles and has expanded to New England so that it now covers probably a third or half of the constant part of America.

It’s a great achievement, but is not ready yet.

Your job is not finished yet.

You, sitting here in New York, as do our cousins in London 250 years ago, do not know the struggle that lies beyond. At this moment in time there's Miles Standish, under cover of snow in the Rocky Mountains, just do what your ancestors did 250 years ago. They have the same uphill battle for them than your ancestors. You remember it started in New England by building log cabins and fences and cultivated the barren, rocky soil, which Mr. Beecher described, and I think they have been contributed Development of New England character.

Your ancestors were thrown on the fertile banks of the Lower Mississippi; you cannot be the same energetic men you are today. Your fathers were in trouble and work. It was a good thing for you and it will be good for your children if you can keep them in the same way.

But here in New York and Brooklyn, now I do not think like their ancestors, but I can tell you where you can find real live Yankees, much the same as your parents. In New York, with the wealth and station, and everything that makes life more pleasant, are not the same people, if you claim the same principles, but wise men, employing more police for New York - a greater proportion of the inhabitants of their city, throughout the United States Army in comparison with the population of the United States.

You do not have Indians here, if there are "speculators." [. ] Applause and laughter is not a "road-agent" here, and yet maintain its policy, and so does our government to maintain a police force where real and effective road Indian agent, and gentlemen who are sitting at this table that night helped the means by which the railroads were built across the continent, know that this small army, which I represent here tonight is the time of custody of these great ways to incursions by desperate men who will stop the car and interfere with the postal and travel, which paralyzed trade and commerce throughout the civilized world, now safely in the vast Pacific route, which leads to San Francisco.
