[Applause.]

I doubt it.

I listened to Henry Clay announce the same doctrine long before our Civil War. I heard also assertions of similar kind say on the floor of our Senate by learned and good men twenty years ago when we were on the very limit of one of the most disastrous wars which ever destroyed this or any other land.

Therefore I have some clarifications whether mankind has achieved that eminence where it can look backward upon wars and rumors of war, and ahead to a state of eternal peace.

No, my pals, I think man remains the same to-day, as he was in the start.

He is not alone a being of reason; he has passions and feelings which need sometimes to be stopped by force; and all prudent people have to be ready and wanting to meet strife when it comes. To be prepared is the best solution to that question. [Applause.]

Now my pals, the toast you have given me to-night to reply back to is somewhat dim to me. We have heard to-night enumerated the principles of your society--which are called "New England ideas." They are as best as the catechism.

[Applause and laughter.] I have heard them supplemented by a sort of codicil, to the effect that a big section of our country--possibly one-half--is yet disturbed, and that the Northern man is not accepted there.

I know of my own knowledge that two-thirds of the territory of the United States are not yet settled.

I trust that when our Pilgrim Fathers landed on Plymouth Rock, they started the war of civilization against barbarism, which is not yet finished in America. The Nation then, as Mr. Beecher has well said, in the strife started by our fathers, targeted to reach a higher manhood--a manhood of virtue, a manhood of courage, a manhood of faith, a manhood that likes to seek the attributes of God Himself.

Whilst giving to every man the highest liberty known on earth, every Yankee trusts that the citizen must be the architect of his own fortune; must shoulder the same civilization wherever he leaves to, building school-houses and churches for all alike, and wherever the Yankee has gone thus far he has taken his principles and has enlarged New England so that it now hugs probably a third or a half of the settled part of America.

That has been a big achievement, but it is not yet completed.

Your task is not all completed.

You who sit here in New York, just as your London cousins did two hundred and fifty years ago, know not the struggle that is beyond. At this very moment of time there are Miles Standishes, under the blanket of the snow of the Rocky Mountains, doing just what your forefathers did two hundred and fifty years ago. They have the same hard struggle before them that your fathers had. You remember they commenced in New England by building log cabins and fences and tilling the sterile, stony, soil, which Mr. Beecher tells, and I believe these have been critically instrumental in the development of the New England character.

Had your ancestors been cast on the fertile banks of the lower Mississippi, you might not be the same strong men you are to-day. Your fathers had to work hard and labor. That was a nice thing for you, and it will be nice for your children if you can only keep them in the same paths.

But here in New York and in Brooklyn, I do not think you now are same like your forefathers, but I can take you where you will see real live Yankees, very much the same as your fathers were. In New York with wealth and station, and everything that makes life pleasant, you are not the same people physically, though you profess the same thoughts, yet as prudent men, you employ more policemen in New York--a bigger proportion to the living population of your city than the whole army of the United States bears to the citizens of the United States.

You have no Indians here, though you have "scalpers." [Applause and laughter.] You have no "road-agents" here, and yet you have your police; and so does our Government keep a police force where there are real Indians and real road-agents, and you, gentlemen, who sit here at this table to-night who have contributed of your means whereby railroads have been made across the continent, know well that this small army, which I showcase here to-night, is at this moment guarding these superb roadways against incursions of desperate men who would stop the cars and interfere with the mails and travel, which would stop the trade and commerce of the whole civilized world, that now go through safely over the great Pacific road, going to San Francisco.
