This was done with great cheer, as we  kept presenting them with objects made of tinselled finery.
It is prepared in the following manner, First the flour is mixed with some water, then stirred until it forms into small hard lumps. Those of the poorer class mix this prepared grain with hot water until it puffs up like rice; others steam it in an earthen pot with holes, which is put on top of the other, which contains meat and water.

In preparation for our dinner we saw a dish made of rice boiled with milk and dried fish, or sometimes with butter and meat. Some of these stews, when well prepared, they taste great.

Our host also took us to the bentang house also referred to as the palaver house, which explains the purpose of a town-hall and assembly-room. The building is large  and has no side walls, it's roof is supported by means of strong posts. Generally, it stands under the shade of a large tabba-tree, which is a symbol of pride for the townsfolk. Local business transactions take place here, court trials are conducted here and strangers are also taken.

As Africans are generally adequate in their speech, they make excellent lawyers, and know how to turn a case around or put into it a variety of figures of speech. Mungo Park, who had heard these pleaders many times, says that "in the forensic qualifications of procrastination and cavil, and the arts of confounding and perplexing a cause, they are not easily surpassed by the ablest pleaders in Europe".

This particular story may serve as a good example of their talent:--An ass had gotten loose into a cornfield and destroyed much of it, the owner of the corn caught the beast while it was still in his field, and immediately killed it by cutting its throat.

When the owner of the ass caught word of this, then he appealed to the local court in order to recover damages for the loss of the ass, and he set a high value as well. The owner of the cornfield  acknowledged having killed the ass, but as a set-off argued that the price of corn destroyed was almost equal to the value of the ass, which he had killed. Recognizing the validity of both claims, the law ordered that the corn should be paid for, and so should the beast; for the owner of the corn had no right to kill the beast, similarly the ass had no right to destroy the cornfield. 

In the end the relative value of each was observed but did not come to any specific value; and so, the gentlemen managed to puzzle the cause. Proof enough is the fact that after a hearing of three days the court dismissed the case and could not come to a conclusion, the cause was broken-off in favor of a future hearing.
