"It really was so, but please exuse me: I had almost forgotten it." Adelaide related to her freind what had transpired and begged her for help in discovering Lucille.

Madame d'Héranville shook with laughter at this and attempted to dissuate Adelaide. However finding her fixed on the idea, she eventually relented and aggreed to assist her with her search admonishing as she did, "It's useless you know, you won't find her, and if you do, it won't help." 

They spent a day visiting Paris' foremost designers, but found their efforts to gain information on their quarry entirely fruitless. Noone they were able to talk to even knew the young flower-girls name. Adeladie returned home, feeling dissapointed, but resolved to continue in spite of the seeming futility of the task. "We must simply widen our search to include the remaining designers." she declaired to Madame d'Héranville, moments before the carriage was stopped in traffic and they found themselves serindiptously staring at the warehouse door she had previously desribed. 

Just as she was about to tell the driver to stop so she could go to the warehouse, two men conversing audibly near the door caught her eye. There was an older man, obviously distrought conversing with a man of about 25 with a foriegn costume and accent. Both Madame d'Héranville and Adelaide were curious about this odd pair and the intensity of their conversation.  

"Don't you trust me? Isn't my word good enough?" The young man asked, Adelaide leant forward, suddenly noticing that the two men were talking to a young girl in a hood. She strained, trying to see the girls face, but the girl was turned away, and the heavy woolen hood obscured her features almost totally. 

"I trust you." The hooded girl replied to the young man's questions. "I do trust you." She held out her hand. "Goodbye dear André; We'll meet back home in Normandie soon enough" The young man took the girls and and was silent for a moment before asking again, "May I not conduct you home?" 

"No. We must part here André. Our courage has failed too often for us to trust in it now." She raised her head, revealing her features to Adelaide as she spoke. The girl was remarkably beautiful, but her face was shockingly pale and careworn, and her head was entirely bald.

Adelaide found herself tearing up looking at the story of hardship written across the young girls face. She clutched her purse and leaned over the side of the carriage calling out "Lucille! Lucille!" 

As Adelaide spoke, the young girl was allready walking quickly down the street, oblivious to her calls leaving André to stare after her, as if he had just beheld some strange mirage.
