The Folkething other wise known as the House of Commons has 114 members elected for three years the usual way by universal suffrage, 12 out of 66 members of the Landsthing are nominated by the crown and are life long members.Accordong to a method of proportionate representation by a body of deputy electors the remaining 54 membors of the Landsthing return for 8 years.  Of these deputies  half are choosen in the towns by those who suring the last preceding year were assesed on a certain income, or paid atleast a certain amount of taxes or rates.  The other half of the deputy electors are elected the same way as the members of the Folkething, without qulifications for any voters.  Deputy electors returned by election are supplemented by an equal number of votes who ever have paid the highest amounts in country rates and taxes together, this happens in the rural districts.  In what is considered a fair ahare of influence on public affairs given to those who contribute the most to the needs of the state, in this manner a representation is secured for fairly large minorities.  Subject to independence of public charity and certain other circustances, the franchise is held by every male who has reached his thirtieth year.  At the age of 25 you become a candidate for either house of Rigsdag.

Members are paid ten kroner each day of the session and are allowed travelling expenses. The houses meet each year on the first Monday in October. The constitutional theory of the Folkething is that of one member for every 16,000 inhabitants. The Faeröe islands, which form an integral part of the kingdom of Denmark in the wider sense, are represented in the Danish parliament, but not the other dependencies of the Danish crown, namely Iceland, Greenland and the West Indian islands of St Thomas, St John and St Croix. The budget is considered by the Folkething at the beginning of each session. The revenue and expenditure average annually about £4,700,000. The principal items of revenue are customs and excise, land and house tax, stamps, railways, legal fees, the state lottery and death duties. A considerable reserve fund is maintained to meet emergencies. The public debt is about £13,500,000 and is divided into an internal debt, bearing interest generally at 3½%, and a foreign debt (the larger), with interest generally at 3%. The revenue and expenditure of the Faeröes are included in the budget for Denmark proper, but Iceland and the West Indies have their separate budgets.

As Iceland receives an annual grant and the West Indian islands are heavily subsidized by danish finances in the sugar industry the danish treasury receives nothing drom these possessions.
Annual loss which is posted on the budget of the ministry of finances intails the administration of Greenland.  The state council includes the presidency of the council and ministries of war, and marine, agriculture and public works, justice, finance, and marine, the interior, ecclesiastical, foreign affairs, and public institution.

Local Government.--For administrative purposes the country is divided into eighteen counties (Amter, singular Amt), as follows. (1) Covering the islands of Zealand and lesser adjacent islands, Copenhagen, Frederiksborg, Holbaek, Sorö, Praestö. (2) Covering the islands of Laaland and Falster, Maribo. (3) Covering Fünen, Langeland and adjacent islets, Svendborg, Odense. (4) On the mainland, Hjörring, Aalborg, Thisted, Ringkjöbing, Viborg, Randers, Aarhus, Vejle, Ribe. (5) Bornholm. The principal civil officer in each of these is the Amtmand. Local affairs are managed by the Amstraad and Sogneraad, corresponding to the English county council and parish council. These institutions date from 1841, but they have undergone several modifications since. The members of these councils are elected on a system similar to that applied to the elections for the Landsthing. The same is the case with the provincial town councils. That of Copenhagen is elected by those who are rated on an income of at least 400 kroner (£22). The burgomasters are appointed by the crown, except at Copenhagen, where they are elected by the town council, subject to royal approbation.
