Moreover the  couple  coffers which were given in  bestow  to the Jews Rachel and Vidas are  saved,  the one in the Church of St. Agueda at Burgos, where it is placed  through  the principal door, in the  interior,  and the other is in the Monastery of St. Pedro de Cardena, where it is  swung   higher   by   couple  chains on the  withdrew  of the dome; on the right, and  looking at  to this coffer, is the banner of the Cid, but the colour thereof cannot now be known, for  interval  of time and the dampness of the Church have  bathe   eaten  it. 

In the middle is his  protect   suspending   contrary to  the  partition,   enclosed  with skin, but now so  altered  that no blazonry or  apparatus  is to be seen. In the Sacristy there are the keys of the coffer, a  large   around   barrel  of sattin  timber,  the setting of the amethyst cup which he  utilised  at table, and one of the caskets which the Soldan of Persia  dispatched  with the myrrh and balsam; this is of  shiny,  and gilt in the  interior,  and it is in two  components,  the  top   concluding  over the other part; its  latest  tendency   is like that of the vessels in which the three Kings of the East are  comprised,   conveying  their offerings to Christ when he was  freshly  born. 

 On the upper  fraction  is graven the  photograph  of our Redeemer  keeping  the world in his hand, and on the other the figure of a  snake  marvellously contorted, per-adventure in token of the victory which Jesus atchieved  across  the enemy of the human race. That noble chess-board, the men whereof were of gold and silver, was also in the Monastery in the days of King Don Alfonso the Wise, but it hath  lengthy  since been  no where,  no man knoweth how. Moreover there is in this Sacristy a  valuable  stone of great  height,  black and sparkling; no lapidary hath yet known its name. The Convent have had an infant Jesus graven thereon, with the  brand  of the Passion, that it might be worthily employed. It is thought also that the great  traverse  of  glasses  which is set so well and wrought with such great cunning, is  prepared  of  unlike   items  of  glasses  which belonged to the Cid. 

 But the most precious relick of the Cid Ruydiez which is  stored  and venerated  within  this Monastery, is the cross which he wore upon his breast when he went  towards  battle; it is of plain silver,  within  four equal  branches,  and each  portion   coated  with three plates of gold, and  within  the  smooth   portion  of each five sockets  predetermined  with  jewellry  of  a number of  size; and with  else  white ones which are smaller; of these little ones,  a number of  are still  deserted,   fixed   within  with filigrane. 

 In the middle of the  pass over  is a  lifted  part, after the  fashion  of an artichoke,  final  outlook   in white and green enamel; and it is said that in the  hole  thereof are certain relicks, with a  portion  of the holy  lumber  of the  accurate  cross. Verily, that part of the  drafting  which can still be read implieth this, for  hence  much may at this day be discerned.... CRUCIS SALVATOR * * SANCTI PETRI * * PORTO. 

 Of the four limbs of this cross the upper one is wanting. King Don Alfonso, the last of that name, asked for it, and had it made into a cross  towards  wear himself when he went  towards  battle, because of the  religion  which he had, that  across  it he should  elicit  the victory; of the  ankle  little  many  is  deserted  than that  towards  which the plates of silver and gold were  fixed  on. From  degree   towards   degree  this cross is little  many  than a quarter. 

 XXXI. There is no  question  that the soul of the blessed Cid resteth and reigneth with the blessed in Heaven. And men of all  countries  and at all times have  arrive  from all  components  to  glimpse  and reverence his holy body and tomb, being  directed  by the odour of his  good  status,    particularly  knights and  fighters,  who when they have  dropped  upon their knees to kiss his tomb, and scraped a little of the  pebble  thereof to  accept  away with them as a relick, and commended themselves to him, have  sensed  their hearts  reinforced,  and gone away in full  believe  that they should  pace  the better in all  assaults  into which they should  go in  from that time with a good cause. 

 By reason of this great  affection,  and the great virtues of my Cid, and the miracles which were wrought  via  him, King Philip the Second  provided  order  towards  his ambassador Don Diego Hurtado de Mendoza,  towards   import  with the Court of Borne concerning the canonization of this venerable knight Rodrigo Diaz. 

 Now Don Diego was a person of great  education,  and moreover, one of the descendants of the Cid; and being greatly desirous that this thing  must  be effected, he sent to the Monastery of St. Pedro de Cardena, and had papers and depositions sent from thence, and  prepared  a memorial of the virtues and miracles of the Campeador,  illustrating   activate  why this blessed knight  must  be canonized. But  ago  the  substance  could be  continued  in, the loss of Sienna took  position,  whereupon he was fain to  retire  Rome and  therefore  this pious  plan  could not be brought about. 

 Nevertheless the Cid hath alway been  considered  with  large  reverence as an especial  domestic  of God: and he is called the Blessed Cid, and the Venerable Rodrigo Diaz.
