Besides, the banner or the Cid, whose colour has worn off due to the passing of time and damp condition of the church over the period, is on the right and opposite to the coffer suspended by two chains on the left of the dome at the Monastery of St. Pedro de Cardena. And the second of the two coffers presented in pledge to the Vidas and Jews Rachel is kept in Burgos at the Church of St. Agueda

Things have so changed that no blazonry or other devices are to be seen. The shield was hanging against the wall, covered with skin, in the middle. Besides the keys of the coffer, a large round chest of satin wood, the Sacristy was containing the setting of the cup of amethyst which was used at table and one of the caskets which was sent with the myrrh and balsam by the Soldan of Persia. 

The casket is in two parts, the lid which can close over the lower part, and it is fashioned after the vessels in which the three Kings of the East, as they were bringing their offerings to the newly born Christ, were represented. It is engraved on the upper part, the image of the Savior holding the world in his hand and on the other part the figure of a marvelously twisted and coiled serpent. These images represent the adventure of the victory Jesus achieved over the enemy of the human race. 

No man knows how, the noble chess board with men represented in gold and silver has long been lost. This also was in the Monastery in the time of King Don Alfonso the Wise. Moreover, in the Sacristy there was a precious stone, which was of great size and black and sparkling, and no lapidary had yet known its name. The Monastery have had an infant Jesus and the emblem of the Passion reverently engraved. It is believed that the great cross of crystal which is wrought and made so well with the greatest of ingenuity is actually made of different pieces of crystal belonged to the Cid.

The most precious relic of the Cid Ruydiez which is valued, safeguarded and venerated in this Monastery is the cross which he wore upon his breast when he set out for the battle. It is made of plain silver in four equal parts and each part covered with three plates of gold and in the flat part of each, five sockets set with precious stones while the remaining ones with white stones. While the precious stones are larger the white ones are smaller and some of the stones among them are still left fastened with filigrane. In the middle of the cross is a raised part which is in the manner of an artichoke ending in white and green enamel. It is said that in the hollow within are certain relic with a piece of the holy wood of the true cross. The part of the writing which can still be read implies: ...so much may at this day be realized...CRUCIS SALVATOR ** SANCTI PERI ** PORTO.

King Don Alfonso had obtained the upper limb of the cross and had made it into a cross to wear himself when he went to battle, as he had faith that he would become victorious if did so. Little more of the lower limb, than that to which the plates of silver and gold were attached on, was present. All the same, from end to end this cross is little more than a quarter.

There is no doubt that the soul of the blessed Cid rest and reign with the blessed in Heaven.
His holy body and tomb have been visited and revered by men of all nations at all times; especially knights and soldiers who knelt to kiss his tomb and scraped a little of the stone to carry with them as relic. They commented that they felt their heart strengthened and gone away reassured that they would remain strong in their battle for good cause.

Due to the great virtues of the Cid, the miracles which were brought by him and owing to the great devotion, King Philip the Second gave order, to deal with the Court of Borne concerning the canonization of Rodrigo Diaz, the venerable knight, to his ambassador Don Diego Hurtado de Mendoza. The ambassador was a person of great learning and one of the descendants of the Cid. He being greatly desirous that this to be effected, sent to the Monastery with papers and depositions and made a memorial of the virtues and miracles of the Campeador, showing reasons why this blessed knight should be canonized. Because of the loss of Sienna, before the matter could be proceeded in, he was made to leave Rome and so the pious deed cannot be brought about.

However, the Cid has always been regarded with utmost reverence as a special servant of God, and addressed as the Blessed Cid, and the Venerable Rodrigo Diaz. May his sole rest and reign with the blessed in Heaven.

Amen.
