And while it may be warmly recommended to readers as the only desire to find an interesting story, deserves no less warm recommendation so you can understand the attention to one of the most striking and dramatic episodes of modern history, and for gaining a of events that show great example in the current state and the hopes of Italy. In this regard, as well as the skill with which it is written that can be categorized fairly novels Ruffini, -. Doctor Antonio "," Lorenzo Benoni "and for those who have read these two books not to say that this is a great compliment. 
The story is not treated by the author of "Miss Mori" a common way of novelists. Events are not misrepresented in it, nor are the characters of prominent actors in public affairs distorted to fit any theory, or to promote interest in history. The main value of the book, which should ensure a permanent place, however, consists of an official narrative of events, or images of the individuals mentioned, but in its representation of the states of mind and feeling the Romans during the early years of the pontificate of Pope today, objects and methods of action of different parts was then called to active existence, one of the times of rapid changes in the disposition popular from the time Pius IX . was the idol of the crowd that when he was a fugitive unfaithful to Gaeta, and the causes that led to disappointment and failure of the efforts of the Roman patriots. 

We know of no book that so clever and so true an account of these things, which were the springs of the events cast, and underlying all its currents, is located. The author's sympathies are with the Liberal Party, the party that worked to reform, but not for a republic, and whose hopes and plans were crushed by the horrible murder of Rossi. It is one of the most disastrous of a tyranny like the one practiced in Rome, which makes this gradual progress of reform at any time in which to carry out nearly impossible, and sows the seeds of violence inevitable and revolution, which is suitable for this, as in the Roman case, in a return to despotism. 

The view given of the revolution and the Roman Republic in 1849 by the author of "Miss Mori" is basically in line with that adopted by Farini, and the other Italian head of state today, and their accuracy and meaning common are confirmed by the recent course of events, not only Rome but other parts of Italy. It is useless to predict the future of a state as anomalous as that of Rome, but it is safe to say that the Romans learned much from their last revolution, and are learning a lot of results, so that when comes a new opportunity for them to earn some of that freedom that northern Italy has been so happy in the collection, I will not repeat their past mistakes and will not find less competent for the freedom of the Tuscan or the people of the Romagna.
