4. Tit. 4. et 6. de officio marital et luxuries, Christ. Fonseca Amphitheater. Amour. cap. 45. 
Sam. 
Meander , &c. 
These cautions apprehension him; and if by those or his own judgment or else he cannot modest himself, his acquaintances must not be inadequate by their understanding, if it be credible, to give the party grieved satisfaction, to prevent and remove the occasions, objects, if it may be to secure him. If it be one alone, or numerous, to believe whom he suspect or at what times, in what seats he is most exasperated, in what companies. 
[6290]Nevadans makes a problem whether a young doctor of pills ought to be admitted in cases of disease, into a new-married man's house, to administer a julep, syrup, or a few such physics. The Persians of old would not suffer a young physician to come amongst women. [6291]Apollo ides Coos made Artaxerxes cuckold, and was after covered alive for it. A foaled in Aristarchus had a fine young gentleman to his detainee; [6292] in commiseration of his youth and person he let him loose, to enjoy the liberty of the secure element, but he meanly made him a cornucopia. 
Menelaus gave first-rate receive to Paris a interloper, his total private house and people be at his command, but he pungently stole away his best adored wife. The like quantify was on hand to Ages king of Lace daemon, by [6293] Alcibiades an exile, for his first-rate pursuit, he was too familiar with Tim ea his wife, begetting a child of her, called Pesticides: and bragging moreover when he came locale to Athens, with the purpose of he had a son have to to be king of the Macedonians. 
If such bits and pieces were interfaced, no uncertainty but the party might effortlessly be contented, or that they possibly will use them smoothly and pray them well, not to condemn them, scoff at, hate them, as in such cases commonly they do, 'tis a human frailty, a down irritation, and they ought to not add grief to angst, nor embroider their misery, but seek to please, and by all means give them content, by good warning, removing such distasteful bits and pieces, or by intervention of some cautious friends. 
In old Rome at hand was a temple erected by the matrons to that [6294]Fireplace lifeless, a different to Venus vermicelli, shake virtues uxorious redhead bannisters, whither (if any difference happened between man and wife) they did instantly resort: there they did offer sacrifice, a white hart, Plutarch records, sine felled, without the gall, (some say the like of Juno's temple) and make their prayers for conjugal peace; before some [6295] indifferent arbitrators and friends, the stuff was heard stuck amid man and consort, and in general unruffled. 
In our times we fancy no hallowed churches, or first-class men to last part such controversy, if use were made, of them. 
several say that prized stone called [6296]beryllium, others a lozenge, hath admirable good worth, contra hostile injuries, ET conjugates account placate, to square men and wives, to sustain unity and adore; you may try this when you will, and as you see cause. 
If not a hint of all these wealth and cautions will take place, I know not what remedy to prescribe, or whither such personnel may go for ease, except they can get into the same [6297]Turkey delight, "Where they shall have as numerous flaxen wives as they will themselves, with patent eyes, and such as look on none but their be in possession of husbands," no fear, no danger of being cuckolds; or else I would have them study that harsh statute of [6298]Alp horns, to tie the reef knot a deaf and dumb man to a blind woman.
