The Count protested that he had no idea of assuming the opposite. 
"Only," he continued, "there was an old guardian of the property that in all probability, is the only man now living, who knows the truth. 

But do not expect any man willingly disinherit himself. Because if I have a living child, my father's property is involved in it, and the butler can probably standing by his master. " 

"I have a friend in Yorkshire," said Mr. Oldbuck, "who may request information about the character of heir to his brother, and also as to the disposition of his steward. 

That's all we can do today. But trust, my lord. I think your son is alive. " 

In the morning Lord Glenallan returned to the castle in his car, while Mr. Oldbuck, Héctor hearing he was going to Fairport, to see old Edie Ochiltree had fair play to the judges, offered to keep company. 

Edie Ochiltree - in jail for thwacking Dousterswivel ribs, he had done (or at least poor Steenie Mucklebackit for him), and by stealing fifty pounds of the Germans, who had not done - willingly revealed Monkbarns he had refused to breathe the judiciary Bailie Littlejohn Fairport. 

After some delays Edie was accordingly released on bail the antiquarian, and immediately accompanied his friend to the house of the old Mucklebackit Elspeth, where, at the request of Conde, Oldbuck was to end with a statement from his lips, as might be produced in a court of law. 

But not a single syllable that old Beldam absolute against his former lover. 

"Ha", he said, the first question to her by the dealer, "I thought it would come to this. 

It's just sitting in silence when you ask me. There's nae torture in our days, and if there were, I rip! 

It becomes a bad mouth vassal to betray the bread you have eaten. " 

Then he said his mistress, the Countess Joscelin, was dead, hoping that this could lead to confession. 

But the news had an opposite effect. 

"Dead!" "Cried Elspeth, awoke as usual by the sound of the name of his wife", then, if she has gone before, the server must follow. 

Everyone should go when in the saddle. Take my scarf and hood! Wadner ye hae me gang in the car with my wife, and my hair all abroad in this way! " 

She raised her withered arms and his hands were busy as those of a woman who wears a cape to go away. 

"Call Miss Neville," he continued, "What do you mean by Lady Geraldine? 

He said Eveline Neville. 

Gerard No Lady. But I say to change her dress wet and are not so clear. 

Kid - what to do wi 'a kid? Coming, my lady, we are coming! " 

With these words, and as next in line of her lover, old Elspeth, once the Craigburnfoot, sank back into the settlement, and then sideways to the ground. 

III. THE HEIR Glenallan 

Meanwhile punishment is fast approaching the poor Sir Arthur Wardour. 

Seemed to be completely ruined. The betrayal of Dousterswivel, the urgent demands and extortion from a company called Goldiebirds, who had a claim on your property, the time of a portion of their own lawyers, finally led to the officers of the law on him. 

Was found for the debt held at home. He was about to be sent to jail, when Edie Ochiltree, who once had been deep in many places, asked to be allowed to drive to Tannanburgh, and promised to bring good news indeed from the post office there . 

Oldbuck was everything in his best tact and wisdom, could do to keep Hector MacIntyre of assaulting law enforcement officers during the absence of Edie. Two long hours waiting. The car had been ordered to return to the gate to pass Sir Arthur to jail. Miss Wardour was in agony, his desperate father with shame and pain, when Edie was triumphant grab a package. He immediately handed over to the antiquarian. For Sir Arthur, knowing his own weakness had been unreservedly in the hands of his friend more capable. The package was opened, was found to contain an appeal to stop the procedure, a letter of apology from the lawyers who had been more problematic, and a note from Captain Wardour, son of Sir Arthur, which includes one thousand pounds for the immediate needs of his father. He stated that before long he would come to the castle along with a distinguished officer, the commander of Neville, who had been appointed to inform the War Office on the status of the country's defenses.
