The Earl protested that he had no idea of supposing otherwise. 

 "Only," he continued, "there was an old steward on the estate who in all probability is the only man now living who knows the truth. 

 But it is not expected that any man will willingly disinherit himself. For if I have a living son, my father's estates are entailed on him, and the steward may very likely stand by his master." 

 "I have a friend in Yorkshire," said Mr. Oldbuck, "to whom I can apply for information as to the character of your brother's heir, and also as to the disposition of his steward. 

 That is all we can do at present. But take courage, my lord. I believe that your son is alive." 

 In the morning Lord Glenallan returned to the castle in his carriage, while Mr. Oldbuck, hearing from Hector that he was going down to Fairport, in order to see that old Edie Ochiltree had fair play before the magistrates, offered to bear him company. 

 Edie Ochiltree--in prison for thwacking the ribs of Dousterswivel, which he had done (or at least poor Steenie Mucklebackit for him), and for stealing the German's fifty pounds, which he had not done--willingly revealed to Monkbarns what he had refused to breathe to Bailie Littlejohn of the Fairport magistracy. 

 After some delay Edie was accordingly liberated on the Antiquary's bail, and immediately accompanied his good friend to the cottage of old Elspeth Mucklebackit, where, by the Earl's request, Oldbuck was to take down a statement from her lips, such as might be produced in a court of law. 

 But no single syllable would the old beldame now utter against her ancient mistress. 

 "Ha," she said, at the first question put to her by the Antiquary; "I thought it would come to this. 

 It's only sitting silent when they question me. There's nae torture in our days, and if there was, let them rend me! 

 It ill becomes a vassal's mouth to betray the bread which it has eaten." 

 Then they told her that her mistress, the Countess Jocelin, was dead, hoping this might bring her to confession. 

 But the news had quite an opposite effect. 

 "Dead!" cried Elspeth, aroused as ever by the sound of her mistress's name, "then, if she be gone before, the servant must follow. 

 All must ride when she is in the saddle. Bring my scarf and hood! Ye wadna hae me gang in the carriage with my lady, and my hair all abroad in this fashion!" 

 She raised her withered arms, and her hands seemed busied like those of a woman who puts on a cloak to go a journey. 

 "Call Miss Neville," she continued; "what do you mean by Lady Geraldin? 

 I said Eveline Neville. 

 There's no Lady Geraldin. But tell her to change her wet gown and not to look so pale. 

 Bairn--what should she do wi' a bairn? Coming, my lady, we are coming!" 

 With these words, and as if following in the train of her mistress, old Elspeth, once of the Craigburnfoot, sunk back on the settle, and from thence sidelong to the floor. 

 III. THE HEIR OF GLENALLAN 

 Meanwhile doom was coming fast upon poor Sir Arthur Wardour. 

 He seemed to be utterly ruined. The treachery of Dousterswivel, the pressing and extortionate demands of a firm called Goldiebirds, who held a claim over his estate, the time-serving of his own lawyers, at last brought the officers of the law down upon him. 

 He found himself arrested for debt in his own house. He was about to be sent to prison, when Edie Ochiltree, who in his day had been deep in many plots, begged that he might be allowed to drive over to Tannanburgh, and promised that he would certainly bring back some good news from the post-office there. 

 It was all that Oldbuck, with his best tact and wisdom, could do to keep Hector MacIntyre from assaulting the officers of the law during the absence of Edie. Two long hours they waited. The carriage had already been ordered round to the door to convey Sir Arthur to prison. Miss Wardour was in agony, her father desperate with shame and grief, when Edie arrived triumphantly grasping a packet. He delivered it forthwith to the Antiquary. For Sir Arthur, knowing his own weakness, had put himself unreservedly into the hands of his abler friend. The packet, being opened, was found to contain a writ stopping the proceedings, a letter of apology from the lawyers who had been most troublesome, and a note from Captain Wardour, Sir Arthur's son, enclosing a thousand pounds for his father's immediate needs. It also declared that ere long he himself would come to the castle along with a distinguished officer, Major Neville, who had been appointed to report to the War Office concerning the state of the defences of the country.
