In certain years, no fewer than three hurricanes blew through the Caribbean islands. Father Du Tertre, a French missionary in Saint Christophe, witnessed one such storm in 1642 and describes it,-that year is memorable for three hurricanes. During the second storm that year, over twenty ships, filled to the brim with local goods and about to sail for Europe, were destroyed in the harbor, including the illustrious Dutch Admiral De Ruyter's ship. Saint Christophe was wiped clean of houses, foliage, cattle, and birds; the cassava and tobacco fields were ruined, and only one diminutive cotton shrub survived the onslaught. The beaches were strewn with dead fishes, ripped from the water by the gales, and the corpses of shipwrecked sailors.

The salt-works were spoiled by floodwaters, and all of the provisions at hand on the isle were so depleted that the islanders lived on rationed biscuits until relief boats could come in from France.

Yet another destructive storm of this sort plagued Martinique in 1657; and the histories of most of the islands have no lack of similar tales. Hurricanes strike Haiti with less force, and rarely sweep so strongly over Cuba.

The word "hurricane" comes into European language from a native Carib word, loaned by the Indians of Haiti from the dialects of the Antilles.

The Haitians form no consensus with their attitudes toward their climate. The beginning of the two seasons, the variations in temperature, the power of the tropical winds, the susceptibility to earthquakes, are subjects which Northern Haitians argue with the Eastern Haitians over; the Western Haitians in turn arguing with both.

The most reliable notices of these natural phenomena are representative of the portion of Hispaniola colonized by France; Haiti. Nonetheless, the variations cannot be important over such a small area: the small changes of every day stand out, but the tropical climate has its average which takes these anomalies into account.

In a different climate the hills and mountaintops would present varying levels and forms of vegetative growth, from the tropical zone through the temperate and subarctic zones as altitude increases. This can be traces in some localities, where palm and mahogany trees give way to resinous trees of various sorts, until the resinous trees themselves yield to the bare summit; inhabited only by small shrubs and lichens.

The seasons, however, do not harmonize with the peculiarities of the mountain ranges, and the temperate regions of the Caribbean are confined to a few localities of considerable altitude.

The people who live upon the mornes, such as those in the Trois-Rivières valley of northwestern Haiti, are fatter and healthier, and the Creoles have a livelier air about them than the plains-dwellers.

In the locales of even higher altitude, the chill is often so fierce that the land is inhospitable. Freshly imported African slaves died in troves if they were brought up into the southern range of mountains; and the dependent Creole left the barren areas, where the slave could not go, unsettled.

It would be extraordinary, if a place of such climatic extremes, should have no noticeable effects upon the Asian laborers of all nationalities who have been brought there.

We expect that the Creole will betray a natural harmony with his irritable and fanciful skies, and imitate the graceful vitality of the tropics in which he lives, the stagnation of the air swirling about therein, its gentle calms and violent changes; he will blossom early and wilt at flowering with immoderate passions and habits that are unsustainable.

In Haiti the day itself rushes headlong into the skyline, and disappears as soon: there is no lengthy sunrise, and no twilight of any duration.

The light itself is an energy which keeps the company of the fruits and flowers that clamor for its touch; it fills them to a bursting point, and then leaves them for new patrons without warning. Nothing of the tropics can live and prosper in the tropics which lacks tropical temperament.

It would be unexpected to find great wealth in these bland mountains of simple form; yet their mineral wealth is appaling. Besides the different marbles, in which diamonds are peppered here and there, jasper, agates, onyx, topaz, and other minerals, a kind of jade and of malachite, are endemic to quite a great number of places.
