"The high esteem in which the Israelite every human being is characterized by mental and moral qualities, clearly stated in Maimonides," Halakhot Shemitah Weyóbel, "ch. Xiii., Section 13, and thus the most striking confirmation is found in the words of our Talmud ("Baba Kama," xxxviii. p. 1), which says that a kind that is applied to the study of sacred law, to be held in equal esteem with the High Priest , which is also stated in the book "Tana Eliyahoo must, at the beginning of the ninth. 
"I had another instance most rewarding sound and clear perception they have of the pure doctrine of our religion and the traditional commentary of Holy Scripture, the sublime elucidation was the most important point of our belief concerning to the Messiah. 

"'We are praying for a while," said he,' when the ideas of mankind in general are to be noble and sublime; for a moment, as the prophet describes the Gentiles shall come to Zion light and kings to the brightness of his rising (Isaiah lx, v. 3.), when the nations will fear the name of the Lord, and all kings land of his glory (Psalm Chapter CII, v. 10 ;.... Daniel ch VII, v. 27). "Our feelings are more clearly stated by Maimonides in the following immortal words (" Halakhot Melakhim ", chap. XII, secs. 

4, 5): "The sages and prophets did not want the advent of the Messiah, which could reach the power of any government land to be higher in world ranking of nations, or enjoy all earthly comforts. No! this was not the object of his fervent prayer, its purpose was, at that glorious time to be able to play full and perfect freedom for the study of the holy law and sacred literature, through which it could the end of his worldly career, attaining the bliss of immortality. This period is expected to be full of peace, without war, without disturbance, without hate, without jealousy among men there then, happiness will be the fate of every creature, and everyone will be eager to buy only the knowledge of the law . Israel then enlightened by the Word of God, that the world is filled with the knowledge of the Lord as the waters cover the sea. " "One of the most notable features of the purity of that particular article of our creed is, while praying for the Messiah concerning the welfare of the whole human race, but also instills a strong feeling that any coercive measures should be used by any person for the purpose of accelerating the advent of the happy time.
