It is evening. There is an eclipse. The dogs of Yama take stride between the center of the galaxy and the Earth's sattelite. Catapatha say: "The moon verily is the divine dog; he looks down upon the cattle of the sacrificer."

The Kashmir Atharva-Veda says: "The four-eyed dog surveys by night the sphere of the night."

The Sun and the Moon are rest stops on the way to the homeland. 

Even the Upanishads believe in this mythology that when we die we become one with the Brahma. The mind does not just disappear; consciousness persists post-mordem. The Brahma itself is devoid of all things, but the truth is everywhere. Still, the Upanishads fixate upon a world of Brahma that is above and nowhere else. So the soul must pass through the cosmos to reach the Brahma. The Kushtaki Upanishad says that all who leave this world must first go to the moon, for it is the gate of heaven. 

Only they who have completed Earthly duties shall pass the gate into the world of light, the Brahma. He who cannot pass will be born again as a worm or a fly, or a fish or a fowl, or as a lion or boar, bull, tiger, or man... perhaps something else. Any old thing, really. They could end up anywhere as any of these things. It all depends on the quality of his works on Earth and the knowledge which he has acquired. Basically, the amount of good karma one has when the reaper comes will decide where one will go and what one will be. 

Now Upanishad has the same idea. They mention both the moon and the sun by ancient names and capacity as dogs of Yama. The soul of the seeker of Brahma resorts to Cabala. It will rid itself of shin as a steed would loose hairs. And as the moon frees itself from the maw of the deomon of eclipse, I will shed my skin to be renewed. I have been delivered. But will I find Brahma? ANALYSIS OF THE MYTH: Hindu mythology known for arrested anthropomorphism. More so in Hindu than other religions, mythic figures cling to memories of their birth and youth because the nature of India is to keep in touch with history. On the other hand, the Hindu constant is rythmic to the poetry of the Indians. The situation here is like that of the one in the Veda, but rarely is it found in other mythology. The dogs of Yama are the sun and the moon and that which is in between the two. The sun is marked by the sun-dog, Cabala, and the moon-dog is black. The sun and the moon move simultaneously on a trajectory while the dogs make their mark. The dogs are the messengers of Yama. Yama is death and death hounds us all.
