She was overcome with emotions and the thoughts in her head to think of defending herself.

In the drawing room, Selina diligently fingered the delicate contents of her neophyte's botany portfolios. 

Aminta watched her as the girl occupied herself at the table. It struck her as odd, like something that had come from another world. 

Was she guilty? No, but she had sought the attention of her lord. After her term had ended, even if after many months, she wondered if it were possible if the man she desired and herself might not be punished for their interest in one another. Also, had Lord Ormont truly been seen consulting Captain May, or had he simply been giving directions?

Her head ached. The interrogations had all come to nothing, and she had to hide her face to avoid showing her distress. She was, after all, a gracious hostess.

She no longer understood her guest, Mrs. Lawrence. The woman was unappealing on a feminine level.

She should have known that the 'angelic chimpanzee' was a fraud. He had one bragged of being a favorite with the lady, yet he could not fake emotions and had no true compassion or care for anyone who failed to catch her interest.

 Even then, she seemed to fail at femininity. Morsfield was nothing but an entertainment to her; amusing at times, but someone to whom she paid little genuine attention.

She motioned to Aminta to let her know to follow. Smiling indulgently, she commended Lord Adderwood to a study of Selina Colett's portfolios, which the gentleman had scarcely inspected before lunch.

"You should know what is going on, my dearest Aminta. You have already brought the earl about to his sense of duty, and now he is hard at work trying to win Lady Charlotte Eglett to her own senses. This is important. Though they have been at it for some time, neither side seems to be yielding.

Mr. Eglett is a good man, but he is problematic. I pray that she will make him the best of wives. If he is content, then I've nothing to complain of.

You must be ready to receive her at any time; my lord is sure to win the day.

Fret not, you won't be seeing much of her. I am glad to say that he is lowering himself to make peace with the Horse Guards.

If what I hear is true, you may be seeing a better life next year.

All is well that ends well. Tell me that!"

"It is, when it ends," Aminta replied.

Mrs. Lawrence pressed a kiss to her cheek. With their waterman in tow, the pair rowed off towards the party that they had left.

The wind began to blow, causing the trees to toss and turn in the force. Even the flags and reeds along the side of the river dipped down into its glassy surface, causing wrinkles to form.

Aminta's mind felt like it might explode from all of the things that she had recently learned. She walked down the garden path, eventually joining Selina as she walked. The woman was incredibly strong willed. She was not a frail woman, made to fear simply by hearing stories of men's dark deeds.

She was a rebel, who took to the field and held herself apart from what people expected. It made her ill to think that she had once aspired to be a part of the classes she now despised.

Now, however, it was not the class against which she rebeled. It was her lord, as a representative of that class, that she rebelled against even if she dared not say so.

She hated him. Could someone who slaughtered mercilessly the way he did truly hope to call her his own? She took a deep breath, and sighed. She knew that there were no real reasons for her bitterness. Yet, she hated him for being the instigator and accomplice to the hand that dealt the fatal blow. He had become someone that she could not trust, and would always suspect the worst of.

Moments like this were bittersweet. Aminta was only aware of her torment. 

The wind grew stronger, blowing across the grass and through the trees. Aminta glared at their limbs and exclaimed, "If only I were at the seaside tonight!"

"I will be tomorrow night," Selina said. "I will do my best to think of you. Unless you will come with me."

"Could I accompany you?"

"It would be an honor to have you with me."

"You should write to your mother before we go, so that she will know I am coming."

"Shall we travel down together?"

Smiling, Aminta nodded. Selina clapped her hands in joy and exclaimed that she would not have to refrain from calling her Aminta when they were home. They would have to hurry.
