So he thought as he made his way into the luggage to remove a shawl. His way in the world, and hers to her, and she may be suffering, alone, unprotected, for something I could do, unless - unless ---- 
"Those layers belong to the feast of Our Lady of Adelaide," said the maiden, as Graham recklessly seized one in a package. 

"You should not take these, sir. Lady Adelaide will immediately" 

"Confuse the beds, and Mrs. Adelaide too!" Graham exclaimed impatiently. 

"Here, give me something. - Where's nothing Miss Linders shawl? 

What are the things Mrs. Vavasour? " 

Madelon had stopped for a moment after Horace had left and then, if not immediately respond, he left his station behind the window-curtain, and began walking up and down the room. 

"How tired I am!" he thought wearily. "Will this night never end?" Oh, I wish I never have come. I hope it goes somewhere, anywhere, so you should never again see or hear from anyone who knows anything about me. Why do not we go home? must be very late. I wonder what time it is? Maybe there's a clock in the address. " 

The door of the room that Graham had said that overlooked the garden was ajar, she opened it, and went in was a small room with a glass door at the other end, and that night had been arranged for cards to Madelon that, upon entering, he found himself in the middle of the green baize tables covered with candles, packs of cards, and a dozen or so of silence, gentlemen absorbed, intent on the wins and honors points and strange tricks. 

The girl, already excited, and morbid subject, stopped at this show, as one beaten with a sudden shock. 

Not for years, not since the night I remember that once came to her with a sting of a sudden, when he met Mr. Horatius at the game tables Spa, Madelon had seen a card, Ms. Treherne never had at home, in matches of which little mention has been made in its dissipation only, which had formed no part of the entertainment, and the sight of them now awakened thousand tumultuous emotions of pain and pleasure. 

A thousand associations joined the small pieces of cardboard: the black and red figures seemed to dance before your eyes - the memories of those early years with his happiness for ever, gone, her father, her happy evenings, an innocent child, unconscious, had been at his side, building houses with the old pack of cards, or turning the little gold pieces going back and forth so freely. 

She was so happy, happier than he ever could be again, he thought in desperation, now so sore he had been taught the knowledge of good and evil. The last night of his father's life was suddenly in front of her, looked back to hear his last words to herself, to see the scene with Legros, cards falling into a heap on the floor, his face dying. A kind of terror came over her, and she stared as if fascinated dozen respectable gentlemen who treat their cards and make their games until the passing of Graham and his voice raised. 

"Here is your shawl, Madelon," he said, putting it on his shoulders, thought it was ever coming ---- That woman? " 

He stopped short in her speech, she turned and looked at his face white with fear, her wide, brown eyes, as if he had seen a ghost. 

Ghosts enough, in fact, our poor Madelon had seen over the last five minutes, but were not visible to Graham, he was surprised and alarmed enough, and turned back sharply, and disappeared through the glass door in garden. 

"Stay, Madelon!" Shouted and continued into the night. It was raining, it was found as soon as he left. The garden has been beautifully illuminated with colored lights strung across the gallery, and among the trees and shrubs, but were nearly all extinct now. It was a sad sad night, summer time as it was, the wind moaning and sighing, rain falling steadily.
