before the legislature, I had the honor to inform myself in the House of Representatives a little more than a year ago and was adopted by a large majority in both houses, authorizing the city of Boston to buy and take the land within their own limits for laying out public parks, and to cooperate with the adjacent towns out in the park setting adjacent to the common good and benefit of citizens on both sides of the line. 
This measure is opposed (as all these measures are opposed) on the ground that "could lead to political deceit and extravagance. "And the answer was at hand, that all public companies are responsible" for political mislead and extravagance, "but that the abuse of a good thing is no argument against their [applause] valid use that rests with the citizens, and the government of the city of Boston, when her confidence is done correctly and honestly. 

Once more, they argued that the people of Boston have already, in its beautiful suburbs, all that is required in the fresh air and beautiful scenery. And this, again, is very true as regards those living in the suburbs, and those whose wealth allows them to move from here to there in their cars, and regale your senses with the luxury of what you'll find there. But what application is this, my friends, for the worker, the masses of our people, whose only idea of the suburbs rattling drive up an hour on a crowded street car, and the seat of one hour by the side of a dusty road? 

Once more, they argued that the city of Boston could not afford the expensive luxury of the parks. And this again was easy to answer, that while the city of Boston could afford prisons and jails, and any number of millions spent on alcohol and hurtful indulgences, and for the suppression of vice and crime, could afford to spend money for the peaceful enjoyment and raising healthy for the people. 

In a word, gentlemen, this bill became a law, and in compliance with that law, a commission was appointed by the city of Boston, the names of the gentlemen composing the Commission are not required to repeat you, because they are in all their hearts, and on everyone's lips. 

The report of the Commission is now, and has been for weeks in his hands, and is the subject of this meeting to endorse this report and to stimulate and encourage the government of the city of Boston to act on their suggestions. We can not expect every detail be approved by each one, nor will we assume that all data will be held in stock by the government. But it is no exaggeration to say that is so well digested, so full and complete, and in every way so satisfactory to the city and citizens, we can not do better than that recommended in the joint municipal authorities. 

[Applause]. 

Now, my friends, not for me to do what they will be much better done by those who succeed me on this platform - to give reasons and arguments to enforce, by its action at this time. But as a representative of the city of Boston, as a resident almost constant within it for nearly thirty years past, as in my humble sphere representing the merchants of Boston, as a contributor to Boston, and all the issues identified in the best interests and all the highest and best goals of our city, I ask you tonight to adopt and endorse and commend this admirable system of government in our city. 

Applause [. ] Now I have the pleasure to introduce Mr. George B. Chase, who must make decisions. 

ADDRESS BY MR. GEORGE B. CHASE. 

MR. CHAIRMAN - On behalf of the committee who have been in charge of arrangements for this meeting, I have the honor to offer for acceptance number of resolutions have been prepared for it by a gentleman, of which none is more versed in everything relates to business issues and interests of the city of Boston, and that during the long and faithful service as secretary of the Board of Trade, became familiar with all issues related to development and prosperity of the city.
