I had the honor to report in the House of Representative more than a year ago to place a bill authorizing the city of Boston to acquire land within its own limits for the development of parks and cooperate with the adjoining towns in laying down the parks for the benefit of the citizens on both side of the line. This bill was passed by big majority in the both houses.
Such measures are always opposed; this was opposed on the plea that this will lead to jobbery and extravagance. Such recreational activity always leads to such a situation of jobbery and extravagance, but it is always for the citizens and the government of Boston to decide the faith they have in the honesty and truthfulness of the job.
Another argument was that the people of Boston already have beautiful suburbs, sufficient enough to provide clean air and beautiful atmosphere. This might be true for the affluent society as they have wealth which enables them to travel by their own carriers, but what about the working class. The major population of people who travel over more than an hour in crowded street transport in the surrounding dusty atmosphere.
Another argument was about affordability which city of Boston may find expensive in development of these luxury parks. This argument was countered with the reply that city of Boston is already spending on prisons and jails and millions being spent on liquor and other useless activities, it can afford to spend money on such peaceful activities, which are going to benefit health and enhance the enjoyment level of people.
Just in a word, this became a law and subsequently a commission was appointed by the city of Boston. The dignitaries who were nominated in the commission are already in your hearts; hence I will not name them.
The report of the commission is already with you and our main objective is to endorse this report, so that the implementation by the city of Boston is initiated as per the suggestion of this report. This is obvious that that all the points suggested by the report are not approved by everyone and also all the actions cannot be carried by the government, but the report is so satisfying that we cannot do anything but recommend the municipal authorities to implement it in total.
[Applause]
This now my friends, is the duty of those who succeed me to give you reasons and arguments for your actions this time. Being the representative of the city of Boston and a resident for the past thirty years, I call upon you tonight to endorse and to commend this admirable system of our government.
 [Applause]
SPEECH OF MR.GEORGE B CHASE
MR.PRESIDENT- On behalf of the committee who have had in charge the arrangements for this meeting, I have the honor to offer for its acceptance several resolutions which have been prepared for it by a gentleman, than whom none is more versed in all that relates to the business questions and interests of the city of Boston, and who, during long and faithful service as secretary of the Board of Trade, became familiar with all subjects relating to the development and prosperity of the city.
