"Mindanao, we know nothing, we are also ignorant of what has been a lot of our agents in America."

On the Visayas and Mindanao, we still know nothing positive, it is whispered that the Americans have succeeded in occupying Negros and Cebu to the people of determination. Iloilo struggle continues vigorously.

No matter who temporarily occupy these beautiful islands, because of Luzon to fight for it and the rest of the islands, and will not disarm without the independence of the Philippine archipelago.

Another reason for my resignation is the pain that I have not yet read the reports of our military commanders that some members even disgusting favoritism, is clearly visible a desire to enrich themselves, accepting bribes, who is also a means to get the prisoners, and the other is, above all the delegations, who have the courage to reduce the soldier's allowance, already quite low - I throw blame for all this to anyone who has taught as a habit, so I have reason to hope that the change their methods.
The same gripe I have some friends who are downloading the civilian agencies, particularly those who are far from government control, which presents its own welfare before the common good, and devise a thousand ways to promote their own ends, even for gambling measure.

Where are the police? Are they also accidentally damaged? The pity is the money spent so bad! However, everyone is bound to know that is not prevail against the truth, and ample evidence of these soldiers have confessed that the government had received certain sums of loot, and if we consider that the latter who receive their actions have spoken the truth, why do those who are present when the score of money and get nothing, no? Thus, in the eyes of some who were blinded slowly opened, I confess, moreover, that they are guilty lower than those in authority who are so attached to the old methods of administration, which we hope will change your driving style and expose the true patriotism.

I declare the truth to all the evils above to be eradicated. I keep proof of your presentation when called, so that if one of these readers should consider not even mentioned and it would be wrong, I'm ready to beg their forgiveness

But we examine to what extent a government of the Philippines was in 1898, because the answer is relevant to the style of government that they can work if it is authorized now or at anytime in the future.

The sentencing to death of the Republic of the Philippines signed by Mr. McKinley, September 16

Speaking of Mr. Roosevelt's view of the possibility of granting independence to the Filipinos, "he said -

"But it was then one of the many misconceptions about the Philippines that offers this great nation to destroy a republic for young in a spirit of intelligent and generous emulation of us.

Here is a man who claims to be president of a newly established republic based on the principles of our Declaration of Independence, the Republic has issued a statement to them, and was invited to come and hear our statement to read, and refused because we do not recognize its right to assert the same truths

The war has convinced us that all Aguinaldo was a small version of Porfirio Diaz, and the Philippines-who-could-have-been was very definitely, "an operating business," although Aguinaldo would probably have been able to say with any degree of precision that Diaz could have said in Mexico for so many years, "The Republic?
