"Of Mindanao we know absolutely nothing; we also are ignorant of what has been the lot of our agents in America." 

 [341] "Of the Visayas and Mindanao we know nothing positive as yet, it is whispered that the Americans have succeeded in occupying Negros and Cebú against the will of the inhabitants. Iloílo continues the struggle energetically. 

 It does not matter that they occupy temporarily those beautiful islands, because Luzón will know how to fight for herself and the rest of the islands, and will not lay down arms without the independence of the Philippine Archipelago." 

 [342] Blount, p. 140. 

 [343] P.I.R., 62. 2. 

 [344] Ibid., 144. 1. 

 [345] "The second reason for my resignation is the pain caused me by having still to read among the reports of our military associates that in some of the chiefs, besides odious favouritism, is clearly seen a desire to enrich themselves, accepting bribes, making even prisoners a means of gain, and others there are, above all the commissaries, who dare to decrease the allowance of the soldier, little enough already;--I throw the blame of all this upon those who taught us such a custom; consequently I have reason to hope that they will change their methods. 

 "The 

 same cause of complaint I have concerning some companions who are discharging civil offices, especially those who are far from the oversight of the government, who put their own welfare before the common good, and devise a thousand means to further their own ends, even to the extent of gambling. Where are the police? Are they, perchance, also bribed? Pity money is so ill spent! However, every one is obliged to know that falsehood will never prevail against truth, and as evidence hereof many soldiers have confessed to the government as to having received certain sums in the share of the booty, and if we consider that the latter who receive their share have told the truth, why should those who are present during the partition of the money and receive nothing, not do so? In this way the eyes of some that were blinded are gradually opened; I confess, moreover, that the latter are to be blamed less than those in authority who are so attached to the methods of the past administration, who, we may hope, will change their mode of conduct and exhibit true patriotism. 

 * * * * * 

 "I certify to the truth of all the above-mentioned evils, which must be eradicated. I retain the evidence for presentation when called on, so that if any of the readers hereof should consider themselves referred to and should resent it, I am ready to beg their pardon."--P.I.R., 8.2. 

 [346] Blount, p. 108. 

 [347] Senate Documents, Vol. 25, pp. 2928-2941. 

 [348] P.I.R., 838-2. 

 [349] In this connection note Blount's statement:-- 

 "But we are considering how much of a government the Filipinos had in 1898, because the answer is pertinent to what sort of a government they could run if permitted now or at any time in the future."--Blount, p. 73. 

 [350] Blount refers to 

 "The death-warrant of the Philippine republic signed by Mr. McKinley on September 16th."--Blount, p. 99. 

 Speaking of Mr. Roosevelt's opinion of the practicability of granting independence to the Filipinos, he says-- 

 "Yet it represented then one of the many current misapprehensions about the Filipinos which moved this great nation to destroy a young republic set up in a spirit of intelligent and generous emulation of our own."--Blount, p. 230. 

 [351] "Here was a man claiming to be President of a newly established republic based on the principles set forth in our Declaration of Independence, which republic had just issued a like Declaration, and he was invited to come and hear our declaration read, and declined because we would not recognize his right to assert the same truths."--Blount, p. 59. 

 [352] "The war satisfied us all that Aguinaldo would have been a small edition of Porfirio Diaz, and that the Filipino republic-that-might-have-been would have been, very decidedly, 'a going concern,' although Aguinaldo probably would have been able to say with a degree of accuracy, as Diaz might have said in Mexico for so many years, 'The Republic?
