As our victories, but managed by contrast, are made by the head, we are reluctant to interfere in what Burke called "a murder mystery," or "present perfection of artillery, cannoneering, bombing, and mining - and inveterate such as the weapon of the quill pen, which the trust of our readers will suspect us of any other policy than to please them, the ne plus ultra of all public servants. 
As our name suggests, we are required to submit or reflect on our pages of illustrations of some of the popular themes, veluti to speculate, therefore, hope that goes with Vista and map of the Bay of Navarino will be received in good season, quod est rerum omnium primum. 

So far, the political interest or file attached to Navarino: with the recent events have raised, or raised such interest that we, our readers certainly know, and leaving the ephemeral glory of the Sun of all papers, and more bad reports of the time, "we will proceed to sober obligation to describe the Bay of Navarino, as we shall see, a landmark in the annals of ancient and modern warfare. 

With our usual literary honesty, (we hope our behavior characteristic of all,) we must recognize our obligations to the "travel" by M. Pouqueville to the previous view. "The port of Navarino, without doubt, one of the best in the world," says Sir William Gell, in his interesting journey in the Morea, "is formed by a deep indenture in the Morea, closed by a Long Island, formerly called Sphacteria, famous for the defeat and capture of the Spartans in the Peloponnesian War, and yet have the remains of the walls, which may have served as their last refuge. 

This island has been divided into three or four parts by the violence of the waves, so that ships can pass from the high seas at the port in good time through the channel thus formed. On one side is the tomb of a Turkish saint, or holy man, and near the center of the port is another very small island, or rock "The modern name of the island is Sphagia .. 

Navarino, convened by the Avarin Turkish and Greek Neo-Castron is the Pylos of the ancients, and the supposed birthplace of the venerable Nestor - standing on a promontory at the foot of Mount Temathia, and most harbor views the same name as the city. Is surrounded only by a wall with a ditch, the high command of the city is a little hex, defended by five towers in the outer corners, which, the walls were built by the Turks in 1572, but never repaired until after the war with the Russians in 1770, the Turks having taken the Venetians in 1499. 

At the gate of the fortress is a miserable Greek village, and the walls of the castle are in good condition disassembled. 

"The city inside the wall," says Sir William Gell, "is how all of this part of the world, encumbered with fallen debris of the houses above. These were usually built by the Turks, since the expulsion of the Venetians, it seems, until the habit long continued possession had incited the Muslims to live and cultivate their lands in the country, and power of the Venetian Republic had been consumed by a long peace, a law mandating that all Turks have a home in one of the country's strengths, but habitatations "says our travelers," in general, have an indiscriminate mass the ruins., which were originally erected in haste, and often being cemented with mud instead of mortar, the autumn rains, penetrating between the outer and inner faces of the walls, the ground swell, and soon effect the ruin of all "- it must be confessed, but the structures of triple punishment by fire from an enemy. Sir William, on his visit, which is the commander in a state of misery is not overcome by the plight of the poor fellow citizens, except that his clothes were somewhat better off. He was "very kindly in a dirty unfurnished apartment" in which "climbed a rickety ladder a court planted with ruins," here given the "coffee", after which they were dismissed. 

What would a First Lord of the Admiralty that a reception? and it must have been something uncourtly to our travelers. 

The floor of Navarino is a red color, and is notable for the production of an infinite number of bells, which are used in medicine. The rocks, which occur in all directions through a small and rich soil, are limestone, and present a general appearance of the round the castle of Navarino downtime, and the absence of trees is poorly compensated by the abundance of sage, brooms, rock roses and other shrubs that are based on numerous cavities of limestone.
