Few could tell him whether in sending doctors the disciple societies ought to consider the duty of kind for the health of their missionaries first or last. Few could tell him whether the care of the health of the kids in schools and institutions was the first duty, or the last, or any duty at all, of the medical missionary. Yet obviously, those two points if they were once admit would influence largely the location of doctors and hospitals. 
Again, we hear it argued to missionary societies ought to establish medical schools, hospitals, and institutions of the finest possible type within order to show how is the thing really ought to be complete, to demonstrate in the very best example of western medical work, and to train natives to the western efficiency. That would not only influence in the location of doctors and hospitals, it would also affect in the character of the buildings and would require a special type of the  medical missionary. Or again, we hear it argue that medical missions are the point of the missionary sword; but it is the point of the sword then it ought to be in front of the blade. That, too, would direct the location of the doctors and hospitals. 
It would also affect the character of the building unless the missionary steel is to become an fixed object, which is having once crack a rock remains fast in the breach until a God-sent hero, like King Arthur, appears to the pull it out and put  to work again. We cannot state all the different aims. They are not simple and formulated; they are complex and confused. Very often the establishment of a medical mission turns upon the no more thorough examination of the facts of the state of affairs than the conviction of a capable missionary that there is need for medical work in his district, and that he must supply it if he can, and that he must persevere in appeals till he can supply it. When a man asks: "On the basis of what facts ought this or that to be done in the mission field?" he has got a long way into the complication of the problem, and the need for study, if a society is to act with wisdom, is already apparent to him. 
But most men in the past have acted simply, without much argument: they said, "Here is a need; I can supply it," and the society were the feeders of such men. Naturally. So one hospital and a doctor was the point of the sword which in twenty years' of time was stuck fast in the rock; and then the hospital was enlarged and became a medical school under the fervent direction of a doctor who was a natural teacher; and then it became an institute, and then part of a college. And in all this is there may have been no definite policy, any more than there was any definite policy in the guidance of the twin brother, which, instead of changing its character, remained what it had always been, the point of a sword, only buried in a rock, competing feebly with a Government institution. When one writes of mixed motives, and mixed policies, and mixed methods, it is natural to use mixed metaphors. 
But to return to our point. It is not easy to say what some hospitals are there was .  we could at smallest amount formulate tables to set out the progress which they have made towards the object proposed. That would be reasonable survey as we  have defined it. 
To collect all possible information of concerning all the things which the doctor or hospital might do, or may be doing, unrelated to any end, is to collect a mass of information which we cannot use; and that we have declined to do. 
What course then can we pursue? We propose first to accept the notion in the medical mission is there to supply a medical need to the people, and to consider how far it does that; and then to look at the medical work at the station as definitely designed to assist the evangelisation of the people, as evangelistic in the purpose. We have, designed a double set of tables to serve these two purposes. 
First, tables to show the medical work in relation to the presumed need of the district for western medicine. Here, as before for evangelistic work, so now for medical, we have expressed the relation between the medical work and the district in terms both of area and population in order that each table may be a check upon the other. 
Thus:-- (i) In terms of area. -------------------------------------------------------------------- | |Number of| | | | | |Qualified|Number of |Number of |Number of|Number of | |Medicals.|Assistants.|Hospitals.| Nurses. 
|Dispens- | | | | | |aries.
