Few could tell whether the sending of medical missionary societies should take into account the duty to safeguard the health of their missionaries first or last. Few could tell if the health of children in schools and institutions was the first duty, nor the last, or any service on the entire medical missionary. However, obviously, the two points if they were admitted once greatly influence the location of doctors and hospitals. 
Once again, we hear, said the missionary societies should establish medical schools, hospitals and institutions in the best possible rates in order to show how they actually do, to show the best example of western medical practice, and train native western efficiency. Not only influence the location of doctors and hospitals, but also affect the character of the buildings and requires a special type of medical missionary. Or, hear, said that the missions of health are the tip of the sword missionary, but if the tip of the sword, then you should be in front of the blade. That, too, would direct the location of doctors and hospitals. 

Also affect the character of the building unless the sword mission is to become a fixed object, which has a cleft of a rock to steady the gap until God sent hero, like King Arthur, looks out and put it to work again . We can not list all the different objectives. They are not simple and formulated, are complex and confusing. Very often the establishment of a medical mission revolves around any more detailed examination of the facts of the situation of the conviction of a missionary can the need for medical work in his district, and must provide, if possible, and that should be preserved on appeal, until you can provide. When a man asks: "Based on what facts are this or that which takes place in the mission field?" which has a long way in the complexity of the problem and the need for the survey, if a society is to act with wisdom, it is evident to him. 

But most men in the past have simply acted without much discussion and said: "This is necessary, I can give it," and the companies were the feeders of these men. Of course. So a hospital and a doctor was the tip of a sword in twenty years was nailed to the rock, and then the hospital was expanded and became a medical school under the direction fervent a physician who was a professor of physics , and then became an institution and then part of a university. And all this may have been an established policy, nor is there a defined policy in the direction of his twin brother, who, instead of changing its character, remained what it had been provided, the tip of a sword, just buried on a rock, which compete weakly with a government agency. When one writes about the mixed motives and mixed policies, and mixed methods, it is natural to use mixed metaphors. 

But back to our point. It is not easy to say what some hospitals are there. If we knew, we could at least make tables highlight the progress that has been made to the proposed object. That would be unreasonable to survey as defined above. 

To gather all information possible about all the things the doctor or the hospital can do, or can be doing, and unrelated to any purpose, is to gather a mass of information that we can use, and have refused to do. 

Which of course then we can go? We propose first to accept the idea that the medical mission is there to provide medical necessity of the people, and consider to what extent does that, and after seeing the medical work at the station and definitely designed to help evangelize the people, as evangelistic in its purpose. We therefore designed a double set of tables to serve these two purposes. 

First, the tables to show the medical work in relation to the district's alleged need for Western medicine. Here, as before to the work of evangelization, so now for medical purposes, which have expressed the relationship between medical work and the district, both in terms of area and population so that each table can be a control on the other. 

Therefore: - (i) In terms of area. -------------------------------------------------- ------------------ | Number of | | | | | | | Rating | Number of | Number of | Number of | Number of | | Medicals |. Attendees |. Hospitals. | Nurses. 

| Dispensation-| | | | | | Aries.
