[Footnote 19: Ibid., p. 202.]

The conception of this linkage was brillant, and it was followed up by a synthesis that is very little short of incredible.

In order to make the linkage attached to the beam of his engines more compact, Watt had plumbed his experience for ideas; his experience had yielded up the work done much earlier on a drafting machine that made use of a pantograph.[20] Watt combined his straight-line linkage with a pantograph, one link becoming a member of the pantograph.

[Footnote 20: "It has only one fault," he had told a friend on December 24, 1773, after describing the drafting machine to him, "which is, that it will not do, because it describes conic sections instead of straight lines."

Ibid., p. 71.]

The length of each oscillating link of the straight-line linkage was thus reduced to one-fourth instead of one-half the beam length, and the entire mechanism could be constructed so that it would not extend beyond the end of the working beam.

This arrangement soon came to be known as Watt's "parallel motion" I have not discovered the origin of the term. Watt did not use it in his patent specification, and I have not found it in his writings or elsewhere before 1808 (see footnote 22). The Cyclopaedia (Abraham Rees, ed., London, 1819, vol. 26) defined parallel motion as "a term used among practical mechanics to denote the rectilinear motion of a piston-rod, &c. in the direction of its length; and contrivances, by which such alternate rectilinear motions are converted into continuous rotatory ones, or vice versa...." Robert Willis in his Principles of Mechanism (London, 1841, p. 399) described parallel motion as "a term somewhat awkwardly applied to a combination of jointed rods, the purpose of which is to cause a point to describe a straight line...." A. B. Kempe in How to Draw a Straight Line (London, 1877, p. 49) wrote: "I have been more than once asked to get rid of the objectionable term 'parallel motion.' I do not know how it came to be employed, and it certainly does not express what is intended. Introduced into England the following year, the Richards Indicator was an immediate success, and many thousands were sold over the next 20 or 30 years.[23]

[Footnote 23: Charles T. Porter, Engineering Reminiscences, New York, 1908, pp. 58-59, 90.]

In consideration the order of synthetic ability required to design the straight-line linkage and to combine it with a pantograph, it should be kept in mind that this was the first one of a long line of such mechanisms.[24] Once the idea was abroad, it was only to be expected that many variations and alternative solutions should appear.

One wonders, however, what direction the subsequent work would have taken if Watt had not so clearly pointed the way.
