in order to make the link attached to the beam of their compact engines, Watt had plumbed their expertise to the ideas, experience had done earlier work on a writing team that made use of a pantograph [20] Watts combined. his involvement in a straight line with a pantograph, a link to become a member of the pantograph. 

[Note 20: "Just a default", had told a friend on December 24, 1773, after describing the writing team for him, "that is not going to do, because it describes the conic sections Instead of straight lines. " 

Ibid., P. 71.] 

The length of each link of oscillation of the linear relationship is reduced to one quarter instead of half the length of the beam, and the whole mechanism could be constructed so that it would not extend beyond the end of the beam work . 

This arrangement soon became known as "parallel motion" of Watt have not discovered the origin of the term. Watt did not use it in his description of the patent, and I have not found it in his writings or elsewhere before 1808 (see note 22). The Cyclopaedia (Abraham Rees, ed, London, 1819, vol 26 ..) The parallel movement defined as "a term used among mechanics practice to indicate the linear motion of a piston, rod, etc. in the direction of its length, and devices by which such alternate rectilinear movements are converted into continuous rotary, or vice versa ...." Robert Willis in his Principles of Mechanism (London, 1841, p. 399) describes the parallel movement, a somewhat awkward term applied to a combination of bar linkage, whose goal is to make a point to describe a straight line .... "AB Kempe in How to draw a straight line (London, 1877, p. 49) wrote: "I've been more than once asked to get rid of the objectionable term" parallel motion. "I do not know how he came to be employed, and certainly does not express what is intended. Introduced in England the following year, Richards indicator was successful immediately, and many thousands were sold in the next 20 or 30 years [23]. 

[Note 23: Charles T. Porter, Engineering Reminiscences, New York, 1908, pp 58-59, 90.] 

In considering the order of synthesis capabilities needed to design the linkage in a straight line and combine it with a pantograph, you should be aware that this was the first in a long list of such mechanisms. [24] Once the idea was abroad, one can only hope that many variations and alternative solutions should appear. 

One wonders, however, what would be the later work taken in case of Watt not so clearly marked the path.
