The best examples of Inula plants

There are fifty six species of Inula, of which only about thirty are currently cultivated in the country. Most of these are to be found in botanical guardians, knowing that many are very useful garden plants.

The Inulas are distributed throughout Southern Europe. They can also be found as far as Siberia and the Himalayas. The most beautiful types are derived from the Himalayas. The I.montana (the mountain Inula) is a dwarf plant with woolly lanceolate leaves and dense orange flowers. It belongs to the low-growing species which are very useful in rockeries, and which look like the creeping Hieraciums. This beautiful plant can be used to decorate old walls as long as it is a sheltered partially from the rain. A similar plant is the I.rhizocephaloides, which is plentiful in the Himalayas. A very pretty Alpine composite, it only grows to about one to two inches long, wrapped in a ball-like bunch with vivid purple clusters. It is easy to grown only needing a cosy corner where it will not become too dry. It is best to germinate it from a seed.

Finally there is the woolly Inula (I.candida) an attractive plant with small oval leaves, covered in thick silky down. Like the white leaved I.limonfoila, both plants are beautiful when grown in masses, which should be placed low near the front of the rockery. They can also be used as an the edging for a mixed border.

The glandular-leaved Inula (I. glandulosa) is a very pretty hardy perennial coming from Georgia and the Caspian Sea area. This strong healthy plant has large bright orange flowers growing from three to five inches in diameter. The large leaves look notched, because of the black glands on their edges. They are lanceolate and cover the stem. The plant varies widely in appearance, resulting in some confusion between it and I. Oculus-Christi.

The I.glandulos grows best in strong clayey soil and loan. It does not do well in light shallow soils as can be found in London, unless it is placed in the shade.
