You have nothing to do here. "" I came, "said Larry, plucking of value" to give glory to your honor a letter from a company gintlemin with whom I had the pleasure of spending the night under the church of Inistubber Ould. "" A letter, "said the man in black", where is it? "" Behold, my lord, "said Larry." Ho said the black knight, opening it, "I know the handwriting. It will not do, however, my boy, -. I see you want to throw dust in the eyes" "Thank goodness," thought Larry " which is the same thing. It's for the child Ould Dublin gave me the box. I put a tinpenny a copper penny that is full of Lundy Foot "Opening the case, therefore, threw its content directly to fiery eyes of the man in black, while he was still engaged in reading the letter. - And the experiment was a success. 
"Curses - Tche-Tche-Tche - Courses in it," he cried, clapping hand to his eyes, sneezing and more vigorously. - "Run, villains, to run," said Larry, ghosts - "run, villains, now that their eyes are on you - Oh teacher, teacher, Sir Theodore, jewel run to the right side, to make bright straw and God give you luck. " 

He had forgotten his mandate. By the time the word was pronounced felt the ground slipping from under him silver, and the rapidity of thought that is found on the floor on his back, under the niche of the old church wall where I started, dizzy and confused with a fall without measure. Emancipated ghosts floating in all directions, releasing their shrill cries and the extension stridulous brilliant. Some were picked up again by its former director, slipped on some random, took the road to the right, others left. Which of them Sir Theodore beaten, not recorded, but as I had heard the address, hopefully made the right choice. Larry did not have much time had given him to recover from his fall, almost in an instant heard a furious snort fast approaching, and looking up, who sees him, but the gentleman in black, with bright eyes with more fury than ever, and horns (to, in his haste, he had dropped his hat) relieved in the strong shadow against the moon. So Larry started - ran away to chase after him. 

The safest refuge was, of course, the church, - there ran to our hero - and after him - more ferocious than the shark, faster than the dog - fled the black knight. The church was cleared and the choir came in, and the warm breath of his pursuer shines on the neck extended to Larry. Escape is impossible - the enlarged claws of the devil have grabbed by the hair. 

"You're mine," cried the devil, - "if I lost any of my flock, I have finally here." "Oh, St. Patrick!" "Cried our hero, horror: - Oh, St. Patrick have mercy on me and save me! " 

"Tell you what, Larry's cousin," said Kinaley, resulting from behind a gravestone, where he had fallen - "all of San Patricio were never born, I had not saved Ould Tom Picton, if caught is sleeping at his post as I have in it now. 

By the word of a soldier Ould, who had been the provost upon you, and I would not give tuppence for the loan of his life. And besides, I have drunk the last drop in the bottle. What can you say about yourself "" Nothing at all, "Larry said, scratching his head, -" but it was a dream of bad luck, and I'm glad it's over. "- Literary memories. 

* * * * * 

Ancient Roman Festivals. 

November. 

(The Mirror). 

The Epulum Jovis was a sumptuous feast offered to Jupiter on 13 November. The gods were officially invited and attended the statues were carried in the beds of rich, decorated with soft pillows, Pulvinaria call. 

So arranged, the godships were placed in their chairs in the most noble of the table, and served with rich sweets as if they were able to eat, but the Epulone, or ministers, who had the care and management of the party , which performs the function of them, and certainly became part of the representation gastronomic brilliance. 

The Brumalia was a feast of Bacchus, celebrated among the Romans during the space of thirty days from 24 November. 

It was instituted by Romulus, who used, during this time, to entertain the Senate. 

During this celebration took the signs of happiness for the remainder of winter. 

PTW 

* * * * * 

The compiler. 

"A snapper up of unconsidered trifles." Shakespeare. 

* * * * * 

GUILTY CONFESSION. 

A woman in the confession, among other heinous crimes, is accused of using rouge. "What is the use of it?" Said the confessor. "I do it to make me handsome ."--" And he does have such an effect?"
