Enclose the choir, north and south transepts to the eastern part of the church, for divine service; and remove the pews, situated in the nave, into such part, for the accommodation of the inhabitants.

In 1838 the nave, on sufficiently been operated by the climate and other destructive forces, was taken down; and the next year, the foundation stone of a mean and flimsy substitute, in the "Gothic" of the period, was laid by Dr. Sumner, then Bishop of Winchester. The reduced interior was fitted up with timber staircases, wainscoting, galleries, high pews, and a pulpit which was "three-decker", which answered the double purpose of obscuring the sanctuary and enabled the preacher to command his audience in the galleries.

The cruel result failed to escape the sensitive eye of Mr. A.W. Pugin, the Gothic revivalist, who vented his indignation in a scathing article in the "Dublin Review." He said:

"It may not be amiss to draw public attention to the atrocities that have lately been perpetrated in the venerable church of St. Saviour's, Southwark. But a few years since it was one of the most perfect second-class cruciform churches in England, and an edifice full of the most interesting associations connected with the ancient history of the Metropolis.  The massive and solemn nave was first stripped off the roof; in this state it was left a sufficiente time, exposed to all the injuries of wet and weather; at length it was condemned to be pulled down, and in place of one of the finest specimens of ecclesiastical architecture left in London--with massive walls and pillars, deeply moulded arches, a most interesting south porch, and a splendid western doorway--we have as vile a preaching-place ... as ever disgraced the nineteenth century."

"It is bad enough to see such an erection spring up at all, but when a venerable building is demolished to make way for it, the case is quite intolerable. Will it be believed that, under the centre tower, in the transepts of this once most beauteous church, staircases on stilts have been set up, exactly resembling those by which the company ascend to a booth or race-course?... Nothing but the preaching-house system could have brought such utter desolation on a stately church; in fact, the abomination is so great that it must be seen to be credited."

Strangely, the seating accommodation under this arrangement was much greater than it is at present, and the Sunday services' congregations were almost as big as they are to-day. Hence, it would be not right, therefore, to assume that there was no religious work that was going on in the parish.
