Thinking that the choir, north along with south transepts, become enclosed, to the eastern portion of the church, intended for divine service; thinking that the pews, situated in the nave, become removed into this sort of part, for the accommodation from the inhabitants. "

Inside 1838 the nave, having been completely operated on from the climate and alternative destructive forces, ended up being taken down; and from the following year the foundation stone of the mean and flimsy replace, in the "Gothic" from the period, was installed by Dr. Sumner, after that Bishop of Winchester. The interior, thus restrained and reduced, ended up being fitted up along with timber staircases, wainscoting, galleries, high pews, and the "three-decker" pulpit, which answered the double purpose of obscuring the planet and enabling the preacher to command line his audience from the galleries.

The barbarous result failed to escape the receptive eye of Mr. A. W. Pugin, the greater Gothic revivalist, who gave in-take to his indignation in a scathing article from the "Dublin Review. " They said:

"It probably are not amiss to sketch public attention to the atrocities that include lately been perpetrated from the venerable church connected with St. Saviour's, Southwark. But a couple of years since it was just about the most perfect second-class cruciform churches in England, and an edifice rich in the most interesting associations of the ancient history from the Metropolis. The top was first removed off its substantial and solemn nave; in such a state it was left a substantial time, exposed to all the injuries connected with wet and weather conditions; at length it was before condemned to become pulled down, and in preference to one of the best possible specimens of ecclesiastical buildings left in London--with substantial walls and support beams, deeply moulded arches, a best south porch, plus a splendid western doorway--we include as vile the preaching-place... as ever previously disgraced the nineteenth century.

"It is bad enough to view such an erection shoot up at all, but when a venerable building is demolished to make way for that, the case is intolerable. Will that be believed that will, under the heart tower, in the transepts of the once most beauteous religious organization, staircases on stilts were set up, exactly resembling those where the company ascend to your booth or race-course?... Outright the preaching-house system perhaps have brought such utter desolation on the stately church; the truth is, the abomination will be so great so it must be seen to become credited. "

Bizarre

as it may perhaps appear, the seating lodging under this set up was even above it is at this time, and the congregations on the Sunday services ended up almost as large because they are to-day. It could be quite wrong, as a result, to suppose that will no religious work was taking place , in the parish.
