“By the way, don't you think it's rather odd that he decided to put everything in writing, when it would have been so much easier to just talk to you?” Alhamid asked.

“Oh, dear, there's nothing odd about that, he suspects that I'm going to kill him – or hire somebody to do so – once I realize how much he found out.” 

Alhamid nodded in agreement. 

“So he just made sure he put some distance between us before letting me know.” 

“He's quite paranoid, I have to say, or he takes us for fools. I mean, doesn't he know what an uproar his assassination would cause? I'm pretty sure the Earth Congress would launch their biggest investigation for the past thirty years to clear this up.”

“Oh, well, that's just how he is, and you can't expect a three-month training to magically erase his personality traits, can you?”

“So, what do we do if he messes up after all, and informs Tarnhorst?” St. Simon appeared rather concerned in asking this. 

“No need to worry, he is now completely caught in his own web of lies.” Alhamid replied. “It's already obvious he's not the kind of person who'd take freedom over personal security, so he's not going to take any risks on this issue, either. And now, seriously – a fully mechanized anchor setting? Who'd ever think of that?”

The explanation was obviously good enough for St. Simon to relax: 

“I can't help but feel that this is partially my fault, you know. During the training I kept telling him that logical reasoning was the most important skill for this job, but it wasn't enough to silence his romantic heart. Oh, well, maybe I wasn't meant to be an educator in the first place.” 

“You most surely weren't, and this brings me to your situation. Since you've only completed half of the training with him, and we hired you for a full course, you still have three months on our payroll. But I couldn't find any other assignments for you – I can't assign you to just half a course, naturally. You can stick around and take a rest, but you can also take a job in space if you want to – the pay will be double what you make here.”
