Novel-reading, jingling at a pianoforte-merely other names for idleness-these are the parents of such follies. Anne Dutton, as mistress of this establishment, has her time fully and usefully occupied; and when the time comes, not far distant now, to establish her in marriage, she will wed into a family I wot of; and the Romford prophecy of which you remind me will be realised, in great part at least.' He found, too late, his error. He hastily entered the office one morning, and although it was only five or six weeks since I had last seen him, the change in his then florid, prideful features was so striking and painful, as to cause me to fairly leap upon my feet with surprise. 'Good Heavens, Dutton!' I exclaimed, 'what is the matter? What has happened?' 'Nothing has happened, Mr Sharp,' he replied, 'but what you predicted, and which, had I not been the most conceited dolt in existence, I, too, must have foreseen.

You know that good-looking, idle, and, I fear, irreclaimable young fellow, George Hamblin?' 'I have seen him once or twice. Has he not brought his father to the verge of a workhouse by low dissipation and extravagance?' 'Yes. Well, he is an accepted suitor for Anne Dutton's hand. She fancies herself hopelessly in love with him--Nay, Sharp, hear me out. I have tried expostulation, threats, entreaties, locking her up; but it's useless.

I shall kill the silly fool if I persist, and I have at length consented to the marriage; for I cannot see her die.' I began remonstrating upon the folly of yielding consent to so ruinous a marriage, on account of a few tears and hysterics, but Dutton stopped me peremptorily. I did not know before,' added the strong, stern man, with trembling voice and glistening eyes, 'that she was so inextricably twined about my heart-my life!' It is difficult to estimate the bitterness of such a disappointment to a proud, aspiring man like Dutton. 'A girl of cultivated taste and mind could not have bestowed a second thought on George Hamblin. I wish the marriage-settlement, and my will, to be so drawn, that every farthing received from me during my life, and after my death, shall be hers, and hers only; and so strictly and entirely secured, that she shall be without power to yield control over the slightest portion of it, should she be so minded.' I took down his instructions, and the necessary deeds were drawn in accordance with them. When the day for signing arrived, the bridegroom-elect demurred at first to the stringency of the provisions of the marriage-contract; but as upon this point Mr Dutton was found to be inflexible, the handsome, illiterate clown-he was little better-gave up his scruples, the more readily as a life of assured idleness lay before him, from the virtual control he was sure to have over his wife's income.

These were the thoughts which passed across his mind, I was quite sure, as taking the pen awkwardly in his hand, he affixed his mark to the marriage-deed. I reddened with shame, and the smothered groan which at the moment smote faintly on my ear, again brokenly confessed the miserable folly of the father in not having placed his beautiful child beyond all possibility of mental contact or communion with such a person.
