Sharp "he added, sotto voce, come with us, I love you." 
I had heard all this with a kind of stupid amazement, and now, mechanically, so to speak, he rose and accompanied the party to another room. 

The matter was resolved soon. Five hundred pounds for the lease - ten years in force - Ash Farm, about eleven hundred acres, and the material, tools, tillage, planting, etc have already done, to be paid in a valuation based on current prices. 

I took out the agreement form, which was signed in duplicate, a large sum was paid as a deposit, and Mr. Hurst retired with his friend. 

"Well," I said, sipping a glass of port from a bottle just ordered Dutton - 'here luck in his new career, but I am a living man, I can not understand what you may be thinking. ' 

"I have not read the newspapers?" 

"Oh, yes, he! 

Victoria! Gloria! 

March to Paris! and all that sort of thing. Okay, I dare say, but rubbish, moonshine, I call it, if purchased by the utility to abandon the comfortable life of a prosperous landowner happy. 

"That's all we've seen in the newspapers?" 

"There is no more. 

What I also found them? 

"Wheat, at ten or eleven pounds of cargo - perhaps less -. Other products in proportion" 

"Ha!" 

"I see more, Sharp, Bookman what to do, in some cases. 

Boney fact, which to me is clear enough, and sooner than we thought likely, though I, of course, as well as any man with a head instead of a turnip on his shoulders, I knew it raw and Bloody Head -bones as that eventually reach the dogs. 

And I also know that agricultural prices before the war, I can calculate without the aid of vulgar fractions, which, incidentally, never arrived, which will be when it's over, and spending time passing thundering is stopped. 

In two or three weeks, people will generally have a weak notion of all this, and what I sell, therefore, while I can, at a higher price. 

The wisdom of calculating struck me at once. "You will take another farm when you can have more favorable conditions now, I suppose?" 

"Yes, if I can handle. And I'm going to drive. 

Between us, after all the old debts are paid, you only have about nine or one thousand pounds for good, even by selling at tremendous rates today, so it was time, you see, I stopped and rubbed my eyes mist a little. 

And Listen, Master Sharp! "He added as he rose and shook hands with each other - 'I have finished playing with the world - is a place of work and business, and I will do my part on how effectively, that my children If I have any, will be, if not, get to the landlord class, and you'll find that, for all their contempt, be achieved more easily than they or their parent will be charged with educational wood lot. 

Goodbye. " 

I never saw my old school mates until the change he had predicted had come to have fun. The farms were everywhere for rent, and a general cry for aid Parliament rang through the land. Dutton called the business office, accompanied by a remarkable personal beauty girl, but very few phrases betrayed little or no education in the conventional sense of the word. She was the daughter of a farmer, who - it was not her fault - a new era had found no better able to weather them. Anne Mosely, in fact, was a good hard-working, intelligent agricultural economist. In the instant Dutton had secured a farm right in its own price and conditions, he married her, and now, on the third day after the wedding, I had brought the draft lease for consideration. 

"No fear, then, 'said he," to take a farm in these difficult times? " 

"I do not - at a price. We refer to rough it, Mr. Sharp," he said cheerfully. "And let me tell you, that those who stoop to that - I mean, take their coats, plastic surgery on the sleeve, and cast appearances to the winds - can and, if they understand your business, and I have my head screwed on right, do better here than in any country without declaring that both speak. 

You know what I said down in Romford. 

Well, we're going to manage that before the hair is gray, depends on it, as bad weather can be - you will not see, Nance? 

"We will try, Jem," was the smiling response. 

They left the project for consideration. Was found to be properly prepared. Two or three days later, the events were executed, and James Dutton was put on hold 

.
