Sharp,' he added, sotto voce, 'come with us; I may want you.' 

I had listened to all this with a kind of stupid wonderment, and I now, mechanically as it were, got up and accompanied the party to another room. 

The matter was soon settled. Five hundred pounds for the lease--ten years unexpired--of Ash Farm, about eleven hundred acres, and the stock, implements; the ploughing, sowing, &c. already performed, to be paid for at a valuation based on present prices. 

I drew out the agreement in form, it was signed in duplicate, a large sum was paid down as deposit, and Mr Hurst with his friend withdrew. 

'Well,' I said, taking a glass of port from a bottle Dutton had just ordered in--'here's fortune in your new career; but as I am a living man, I can't understand what you can be thinking about.' 

'You haven't read the newspapers?' 

'O yes, I have! 

Victory! Glory! 

March to Paris! and all that sort of thing. Very fine, I daresay; but rubbish, moonshine, I call it, if purchased by the abandonment of the useful, comfortable, joyous life of a prosperous yeoman.' 

'Is that all you have seen in the papers?' 

'Not much else. 

What, besides, have you found in them?' 

'Wheat, at ten or eleven pounds a load--less perhaps--other produce in proportion.' 

'Ha!' 

'I see further, Sharp, than you bookmen do, in some matters. 

Boney's done for; that to me is quite plain, and earlier than I thought likely; although I, of course, as well as every other man with a head instead of a turnip on his shoulders, knew such a raw-head-and-bloody-bones as that must sooner or later come to the dogs. 

And as I also know what agricultural prices were before the war, I can calculate without the aid of vulgar fractions, which, by the by, I never reached, what they'll be when it's over, and the thundering expenditure now going on is stopped. 

In two or three weeks, people generally will get a dim notion of all this; and I sell, therefore, whilst I can, at top prices.' 

The shrewdness of the calculation struck me at once. 'You will take another farm when one can be had on easier terms than now, I suppose?' 

'Yes; if I can manage it. And I will manage it. 

Between ourselves, after all the old man's debts are paid, I shall only have about nine or ten hundred pounds to the good, even by selling at the present tremendous rates; so it was time, you see, I pulled up, and rubbed the fog out of my eyes a bit. 

And, hark ye, Master Sharp!' he added, as we rose and shook hands with each other--'I have now done playing with the world--it's a place of work and business; and I'll do my share of it so effectually, that my children, if I have any, shall, if I do not, reach the class of landed gentry; and this you'll find, for all your sneering, will come about all the more easily that neither they nor their father will be encumbered with much educational lumber. 

Good-by.' 

I did not again see my old school-fellow till the change he had predicted had thoroughly come to pass. Farms were everywhere to let, and a general cry to parliament for aid rang through the land. Dutton called at the office upon business, accompanied by a young woman of remarkable personal comeliness, but, as a very few sentences betrayed, little or no education in the conventional sense of the word. She was the daughter of a farmer, whom--it was no fault of hers--a change of times had not found in a better condition for weathering them. Anne Mosely, in fact, was a thoroughly industrious, clever farm economist. The instant Dutton had secured an eligible farm, at his own price and conditions, he married her; and now, on the third day after the wedding, he had brought me the draft of lease for examination. 

'You are not afraid, then,' I remarked, 'of taking a farm in these bad times?' 

'Not I--at a price. We mean to rough it, Mr Sharp,' he added gaily. 'And, let me tell you, that those who will stoop to do that--I mean, take their coats off, tuck up their sleeves, and fling appearances to the winds--may, and will, if they understand their business, and have got their heads screwed on right, do better here than in any of the uncleared countries they talk so much about. 

You know what I told you down at Romford. 

Well, we'll manage that before our hair is gray, depend upon it, bad as the times may be--won't we, Nance?' 

'We'll try, Jem,' was the smiling response. 

They left the draft for examination. It was found to be correctly drawn. Two or three days afterwards, the deeds were executed, and James Dutton was placed in possession 

.
