9. Upper parts mahogany brown washed with white; forearm less than 43 mm L. seminolus. 9'. 

 Upper parts deep chestnut; forearm more than 43 mm. (44.8 in only known specimen, a female) L. castaneus. 

 1'. Color yellowish; only one premolar on each side of upper jaw. 10. Total length more than 119 mm.; length of upper tooth-row 6.0 mm. or more L. intermedius. 

 Lasiurus intermedius Northern Yellow Bat Diagnosis.--Upper parts yellowish-orange, or yellowish brown, or brownish-gray faintly washed with black to pale yellowish gray; size large (forearm, 45.2-62.8; condylocanine length, 16.9-21.5). 

 Distribution and Geographic Variation Lasiurus intermedius H. Allen, type from Matamoros, Tamaulipas, has been reported from the Rio Grande Valley of Texas southward to Honduras and in Cuba. 

 Lasiurus floridanus (Miller), type from Lake Kissimmee, Florida, has been recorded from southeastern Texas, eastward along the Gulf of Mexico to Florida, and thence northward along the Atlantic Coast to extreme southeastern Virginia (see records of occurrence beyond and Fig. 2). 

 Specimens of intermedius from the vicinity of the type locality and from other localities in México differ from specimens of floridanus (from Florida and southern Georgia) as follows: Larger, both externally (especially forearm) and cranially (see measurements); teeth larger and heavier; skull heavier and having more prominent sagittal and lambdoidal crests; braincase less rounded, more elongate; auditory bullae relatively smaller; upper parts averaging brighter (yellowish to yellowish-orange in general aspect, rather than yellowish-brown to brownish-gray). 

 The differences mentioned above are of the magnitude of those that ordinarily separate subspecies of a single species rather than two species. 

 Miller (1902:392-393), in the original description of floridanus, noted that the differences between it and intermedius were slight and remarked (p. 393): "Indeed, it is probable that it intergrades with the Texas animal." 

 Lowery (1936:17) also has suggested that intergradation might occur between intermedius and floridanus "in southwestern Louisiana or eastern Texas"; later (1943:223-224) he pointed out that specimens from Baton Rouge, Louisiana, averaged larger in cranial dimensions than typical floridanus and again mentioned the possibility of intergradation between the two kinds. 

 Sanborn (1954:25-26) touched obliquely on the problem when he wrote: "In Florida, Dasypterus intermedius is referred to as a Florida yellow bat (Dasypterus floridanus)." Handley (1960:478) wrote that certain morphological similarities suggested "gene flow" between the two kinds. Specimens examined from Louisiana resemble floridanus from Georgia and Florida to the eastward in external dimensions. Some of those specimens resemble floridanus in size of skull, but two skulls from Louisiana are inseparable from those of topotypes of intermedius. The upper parts of specimens from Louisiana are generally like those of animals to the east but average somewhat paler (less brownish). The specimens seen from Louisiana seem to be intergrades between intermedius and floridanus but clearly are assignable to the latter. The picture is less clear as regards bats from southeastern Texas (one specimen each from Colorado and Travis counties, and four specimens from Harris County). Five of the specimens have skulls (the Travis County specimen is a skin only) and of these, four are clearly assignable, on the basis of size and shape of the skull, to intermedius. 

 The fifth skull (specimen from Colorado County) is intermediate in size between floridanus and intermedius and on that basis alone could be assigned with equal propriety to either. All these specimens from Texas more closely resemble floridanus than intermedius in external size (forearms: 49.2, 49.6, 50.7, 49.9 (approximate), 49.6, 49.1). The pale yellowish-gray upper parts of the four adults, seemingly resulting from a dilution of the brownish color found in floridanus, differ from the color of typical specimens of both intermedius and floridanus, but the average is nearer that of floridanus than that of intermedius. Color of pre-adult pelage in the one July-taken young of the year resembles the color of adults. An August-taken young of the year is in process of acquiring the adult pelage but the hairs have not reached their full growth; it is pale yellowish but not so grayish as the other specimens. All characters considered, the specimens from eastern Texas resemble floridanus more than they do intermedius, and so are provisionally assigned to floridanus (as was done by Taylor and Davis, 1947:19; Eads, et al., 1956:440; and, Davis, 1960:59). Additional material from southeastern Texas is needed. It will be remembered that the type locality of intermedius is in the Rio Grande Valley; all specimens seen, in the study here reported on, from the Texas side of the valley are unquestionably referable to that subspecies.
