Distribution and Geographic Variation Lasiurus intermedius H. Allen, type from Matamoros, Tamaulipas, has been reported from the Rio Grande Valley of Texas southward to Honduras and in Cuba. Specimens of intermedius from the vicinity of the type locality and from other localities in México differ from specimens of floridanus (from Florida and southern Georgia) as follows: Larger, both externally (especially forearm) and cranially (see measurements); teeth larger and heavier; skull heavier and having more prominent sagittal and lambdoidal crests; braincase less rounded, more elongate; auditory bullae relatively smaller; upper parts averaging brighterUpper parts mahogany brown washed with white; forearm less than 43 mm L. seminolus. 

Upper parts deep chestnut; forearm more than 43 mm. (44.8 in only known specimen, a female) L. castaneus.

 Color yellowish; only one premolar on each side of upper jaw. 10. Total length more than 119 mm.; length of upper tooth-row 6.0 mm. or more L. intermedius. The upper parts of specimens from Louisiana are generally like those of animals to the east but average somewhat paler The picture is less clear as regards bats from southeastern Texas (one specimen each from Colorado and Travis counties, and four specimens from Harris County). Five of the specimens have skulls (the Travis County specimen is a skin only) and of these, four are clearly assignable, on the basis of size and shape of the skull, to intermedius. Sanborn (1954:25-26) touched obliquely on the problem when he wrote: "In Florida, Dasypterus intermedius is referred to as a Florida yellow bat (Dasypterus floridanus)." Handley (1960:478) wrote that certain morphological similarities suggested "gene flow" between the two kinds. Specimens examined from Louisiana resemble floridanus from Georgia and Florida to the eastward in external dimensions.An August-taken young of the year is in process of acquiring the adult pelage but the hairs have not reached their full growth; it is pale yellowish but not so grayish as the other specimens. All characters considered, the specimens from eastern Texas resemble floridanus more than they do intermedius, and so are provisionally assigned to floridanus (as was done by Taylor and Davis, 1947:19; Eads, et al., 1956:440; and, Davis, 1960:59). Additional material from southeastern Texas is needed. It will be remembered that the type locality of intermedius is in the Rio Grande Valley; all specimens seen, in the study here reported on, from the Texas side of the valley are unquestionably referable to that subspecies.
