9. High-piece mahogany with white washed coffee, less than 43 mm forearm seminolus L.. 9 '. 
The upper parts dark brown; forearm more than 43 mm. (44.8 in the only known specimen, a female) L. castaneus. 

1 '. Yellow, and only one premolar on each side of the upper jaw. 10. Total length of more than 119 mm. length of the top row of teeth 6.0 mm. or more L. intermedius. 

Lasiurus intermedius Northern Yellow Bat Diagnosis .-- Upper parts yellowish-orange or yellowish brown, brown or gray with black lava slightly pale yellow to gray, large (forearm, 45.2 to 62.8; condylocanine length 16.9 to 21.5). 

Distribution and geographic variation Lasiurus intermedius H. Allen, the type of Matamoros, Tamaulipas, has been reported from the Rio Grande Valley of Texas south to Honduras and Cuba. 

Lasiurus floridanus (Miller), the type of Lake Kissimmee, Florida, has been reported in southeastern Texas eastward along the Gulf of Mexico to Florida, thence north along the Atlantic coast to the southeast corner of Virginia (see further occurrence records and figure 2.). 

Intermediate samples from near the type locality and other localities in Mexico differ from those samples floridanus (Florida and southern Georgia) in the following way: bigger, both externally (especially the forearm) head (see measurements), the larger teeth and heavy skull heavier and have more prominent sagittal and lambdoid crests, skull less rounded, more elongated, auditory bullae relatively minor upper average brighter (yellow to yellow-orange in general appearance, instead of yellowish-brown to brown-gray). 

The differences mentioned above are of the magnitude that normally separate subspecies of one species rather than two species. 

Miller (1902:392-393), in the original description of floridanus, stated that differences between it and said intermedius were mild (p. 393): "In fact, it is likely that the transition with the animal in Texas." 

Lowery (1936:17) has also suggested that intergradation may occur between intermediate and floridanus "in southwest Louisiana and eastern Texas, and later (1943:223-224) noted that samples of Baton Rouge, Louisiana, higher average skull dimensions typical floridanus and again mentioned the possibility of intergradation between the two types. 

Sanborn (1954:25-26) obliquely touched on the issue when he wrote: ". In Florida, Dasypterus intermedius is known as a yellow bat Florida (Dasypterus floridanus)" Handley (1960: 478) wrote that certain morphological similarities suggested "gene flow" between the two types. The samples tested resemble Louisiana floridanus in Georgia and Florida east on exterior dimensions. Some of the specimens resemble floridanus in skull size, but two skulls of Louisiana are inseparable from those of topotypes of intermedius. The tops of the Louisiana samples are generally seen as the animal to the east but the average of a little paler (less brown). The specimens seen from Louisiana appear to be intergrades between intermedius and floridanus but obviously that can be assigned to the latter. The picture is less clear about bats from southeastern Texas (one from each of Colorado and the counties of Travis, and four copies of Harris County.)Five of the samples have skulls (the sign of Travis County is a skin only) and of these, four are clearly assigned, based on the size and shape of the skull, with intermission. 

The fifth skull (specimen Colorado County) is intermediate in size between intermedius floridanus and on that basis and could be assigned to the same property to anyone. Texas All these samples more closely resemble that intermedius floridanus outer size (forearm: 49.2, 49.6, 50.7, 49.9 (approximate), 49.6, 49.1). The upper parts pale yellow-gray of the four adults, apparently as a result of a dilution of brown found in floridanus, are differentiated by the color of the typical signs and both intermedius floridanus, but is the highest average near that of intermedius floridanus. The coat color of pre-adult in July making the youth of the year resembles the color of adults. August to take a young man of the year is in process of acquiring the adult coat, but the hairs have not reached their full growth, but is pale yellow, but not as gray as the other specimens. All the characters considered, the samples from eastern Texas to resemble more than they intermedius floridanus, and so are tentatively assigned to floridanus (as done by Taylor and Davis, 1947:19;. Eads, et al, 1956: 440, and Davis, 1960:59). Additional material from southeastern Texas is required. Recall that the intermedius type locality is in the Rio Grande Valley, all the samples seen in the study reported here, from the side of the valley of Texas, no doubt, be attributed to the subspecies.
