No man can be a judge beyond sixty. I think there are few today who do not disapprove of this provision. There is no station in connection with which is less adequate than that of a judge. The powers of deliberation and compare general preserve their strength much beyond that period in men who survive, and when, in addition to this circumstance, we consider how few are those who survive the season of intellectual vigor, and how unlikely it is any substantial part of the bank, either more or less numerous, should be in that situation, at the same time, we are ready to conclude that the limitations of this type have little to recommend them. In a republic, where fortunes are not rich, and pensions are not suitable, the resignation of men from stations that have served their country with a long and useful, they depend for their livelihood, and that will be too late to resort to any other occupation to earn a living, must have some better apology to humanity than is found in the imaginary danger of a retired bank. 
Publius 

1. See Massachusetts Constitution, Chapter 2, Section 1, Article 13. 

Apparently, just to admit the dispute, the judicial authority of the Union should be extended to descriptions of several cases: first, all those arising from the laws of the United States, adopted by virtue of their legitimate powers and constitutional law, 2d, to those relating to the implementation of the provisions expressly contained in the articles of the Union; 3d, to all those in the United States are a party; Fourth, all those which involve the PEACE of the Confederacy, if they relate to the relationship between the United States and foreign nations, or to Peer States, fifth, to all those that originate at sea, and are of admiralty or maritime jurisdiction, and finally, to all those in which state courts can not be assumed to be unbiased and objective. 

The first point depends upon this obvious consideration that must always be a constitutional method of giving efficacy to constitutional provisions. 

What, for example, restrictions to resort to the authority of state legislatures, without some constitutional mode of enforcing respect for them? States, the plan of the convention, are prohibited from making a variety of things, some of which are incompatible with the interests of the Union, and others with the principles of good governance. 

The imposition of duties on imported goods, and the issuance of paper money, are specimens of each species. 

No man of sense will believe, that this prohibition would be carefully considered, with no effective power in the government to restrain or correct violations of them. This power must be a direct negative on the laws of the State or an authority in the federal courts to ignore that would constitute a clear infringement of Articles of the Union. There is no third way imaginable. The latter seems to have been intended by the convention preferable to the former, and, I suppose, be more pleasing to the States. 

On the second point, it is impossible, by any argument or comment, to make it clearer than it is in itself. 

If no such things as political axioms, the convenience of the judiciary in a government that is coextensive with the laws, may be ranked among the number. The mere necessity of uniformity in the interpretation of national laws, decides the issue. Thirteen independent courts of final jurisdiction over the same causes, arising under the same laws, is a hydra in government, from which nothing but contradiction and confusion can proceed. 

Much less have to say about the third point. 

The dispute between the nation and its members or citizens, can only be properly referred to national courts. Any other plan would be contrary to reason, to precedent and propriety. 

The fourth point rests on this plain proposition, that the peace of the whole should not be left at the disposal of a part. The Union will undoubtedly be answerable to foreign powers for the conduct of its members. And the responsibility for an injury must always be accompanied by the power to prevent it. As the denial or perversion of justice by the sentences of the courts and otherwise, is with reason classed among the just causes of war, it follows that the federal judiciary should have knowledge of all causes in which citizens of other countries are concerned. This is no less essential to the preservation of public faith that the safety of the public peace.
