I hope, therefore, who apologized for the submission of a new solution, which I find most satisfying, if not conclusive. The answers to these questions are for the most part merely ingenious conjectures, but they are of weight, must be supported by the antiquarian learning. May say more about what you mean when you look out the difficulties collateral, but are most valuable when authenticated by independent evidence, including documentary evidence or facts. Fortunately, in this case, all these desiderata are supplied. 
Old Richard Verstegen, famous for Saxon tradition and archaeological research, explains: - 

"Bacon, Beechen Tree, formerly called BUCON, and while swinesflesh now called by the name of Bacon, that grew only in the first as he baited with BUCON or beechmast." - Cap. ix. p. 299. 

There is a nice feature in this explanation, viz. , Which professes a natural to explain the mysterious relationship between the flesh of unclean animal, and the name of an ancient and honorable family. 

But its main value is in the unique authentication of what I discovered accidentally in Baronetage Collins. In the very large and particular account there given of the genealogy of the Premier Baronet, will be the first man who assumed the surname of Bacon, was one William (temp. Rich. I.), a grandson of Grimbaldus , which came with the Conqueror and settled in Norfolk. Of course there was some reason for making that name, and although Collins does not comment on the matter, what it does, in fact, unconsciously, the offer that the reason (elucidated by Verstegen) by pointing happy this unique individual who had their arms, "Argent, a truth there!" Thank you, Mr. Collins! Thank you for your kindness, Richard Verstegen! 

Both are excellent and honest men. There may have been in collusion. You have not, until now, even reaped the merits of the truth and accuracy, as reflected in silence each other. The name of the family, Bacon, then of course, means "beech tree", and therefore of the same class with many others such as ash, beech, etc, Latinized in the ancient records of Fraxino, De Fago, & c. 

The motto of the Bacons Somersetshire, NOCAB observed, when read as written, is supposed to be in the ablative case, after adaptation, apparent ellipse can be provided ad libitum. 

From Grimbaldus, down, do not think these men has ever marked by feats of arms, pride favorite heralds and genealogists. Nor can we expect to have "heart of oak." However, several have made the name famous for his contributions to literature, science and fine arts. Relevance, therefore, should be apologizing for the slogan, which, like most others, is too modest and unassuming. 

Flush properly, I remain, yours, 

Conscientia PROBA. 

PS Tocinos The pedigree of Norfolk is one of the most perfect in the University Herald. 

Any readers genealogy enthusiasts you might find yourself seeking paid additional information regarding the special coating of the aforementioned weapons, which could shed further light on the subject. 

In vol. ii., p. 247., Your correspondent, NOCAB, quotes (without reference) the passing remark of a previous correspondent "that the word had bacon obsolete meaning of" dead wood. " 

I searched in vain for this reference in its earlier numbers. [2] The information is too funny, though, he was out of sight. Bacon Saxon word is, without doubt, have simply - belonging to or related to the beech. 

It is quite probable, therefore, that the word has given the meaning of "dead wood." But it is very useful to know under what authority supports the claim. Your correspondent refers us to book? Or maybe you learned any of your readers tell you how, where and when Bacon has expressed "dry wood?" 

The subject is well worth the granting of some pain in his clarification on the meaning and derivation of the word bacon, both as a noun as a proper name, has been frequently discussed by etymologists and philologists of the last 300 years, however, apparently without any satisfactory determination of the matter. 

The family is old, and has been highly distinguished {42} in literature and science and art. 

Genealogy is one of the most perfect of history.

But the same Lord Bacon, who knew everything "else, knew nothing of his own name. 

[Note 2: See vol. ii., p. 138.] 

NEHCEEB Samoht. 

Meaning of Bacon (Vol. II., P. 138.
