I trust, therefore, I shall be excused for submitting yet another solution, which appears to me more satisfactory, if not conclusive. The answers to such questions are for the most part merely ingenious conjectures; but these to be of weight, should be supported by antiquarian learning. They claim perhaps more regard when they seem to elucidate collateral difficulties; but are of most value when authenticated by independent evidence, especially the evidence of documents or of facts. Fortunately, in the case before us, all these desiderata are supplied.
Old Richard Verstegan, famous for Saxon lore and archæological research, explains it thus:--
"Bacon, of the Beechen tree, anciently called BUCON; and, whereas swinesflesh is now called by the name of BACON, it grew only at the first unto such as were fatted with BUCON or beechmast."--Chap. ix. p. 299.
There is one agreeable feature in this explanation, viz., that it professes somewhat naturally to account for the mysterious relation between the flesh of the unclean animal, and the name of a very ancient and honourable family.
But its chief value is to be found in the singular authentication of it which I accidentally discovered in Collins's Baronetage. In the very ample and particular account there given of the pedigree of the Premier Baronet, it will be seen that the first man who assumed the surname of Bacon, was one William (temp. Rich. I.), a great grandson of the Grimbaldus, who came over with the Conqueror and settled in Norfolk. Of course there was some reason for his taking that name; and though Collins makes no comment on it, he does in fact unconsciously supply that reason (elucidated by Verstegan) by happily noting of this sole individual, that he bore for his arms, "argent, a beech tree proper!" Thank you, Mr. Collins! thank you kindly, Richard Verstegan!
You are both excellent and honest men. You cannot have been in collusion. You have not, until now, even reaped the merit of truthfulness and accuracy, which you silently reflect upon each other. The family name, Bacon, then, undoubtedly signifies "of the beechen tree," and is therefore of the same class with many others such as ash, beech, &c., latinized in ancient records by De Fraxino, De Fago, &c.
The motto of the Somersetshire Bacons, noticed by NOCAB, when read as written, is supposed to be in the ablative case; when transposed, the evident ellipse may be supplied ad libitum.
From Grimbaldus, downwards, it does not appear that these beechen men ever signalized themselves by deeds of arms, the favourite boast of heralds and genealogists. Nor indeed could we expect them to have "hearts of oak." But several have rendered the name illustrious by their contributions to literature, science, and the fine arts. Its appropriateness, therefore, must be apology for the motto; which, like most others, is by no means too modest and unassuming.
Duly blushing, I subscribe myself, yours,
PROBA CONSCIENTIA.
P.S. The pedigree of the Norfolk Bacons is one of the most perfect in the Herald's College.
Any of your readers fond of genealogy might find himself repaid in seeking further information regarding the particular coat of arms above referred to, and might throw still more light on the subject.
In Vol. ii., p. 247., your correspondent, NOCAB, quotes (without reference) the remark en passant of a previous correspondent "that the word bacon had the obsolete signification of 'dried wood.'"
I have searched in vain for this allusion in your preceding Numbers.[2] The information is too curious, however, to be lost sight of. The Saxon word bacon is, without doubt, simply and purely beechen--pertaining to, or relating to the beech tree.
It is probable enough, therefore, that the word has borne the signification of "dried wood." But it is very desirable to know on what authority the assertion rests. Will your correspondent refer us to the book? Or can any of your learned readers say how, where, and when bacon has signified "dried wood?"
The subject is well worth the bestowal of some pains upon its elucidation; for the meaning and derivation of the word bacon, both as a substantive noun and as a proper name, have been frequently discussed by etymologists and philologists for the last 300 years; and yet, apparently, without any satisfactory determination of the question.
The family is ancient, and has been highly distinguished {42} in literature, and science and art.
The pedigree is one of the most perfect on record.
But Lord Bacon himself, "who knew everything" else, knew nothing of his own name.
[Footnote 2: See vol. ii., p. 138.]
SAMOHT NEHCEEB.
Meaning of Bacon (Vol. ii., pp. 138.
