The King, a spiteful man wanted to curse the garden at Twickenham. Bishop Corbet's father had a nursery at Twickenham garden's, and his curse seemed to be powerless.

The King stated 'May their memory with a force worthy of the excommunicator-wholesale, Pius IX., 'be blotted out of the Book of Life; may their strength continually waste away, and be there no restorative to repair it!' Although the kind sputtered his declorations there were over a hundred and fifty plentiful acres of fruit gardents at Twickenham. There were even delcious raspberries that grew all over, and this place had been lucious for years, even before Queen Elizabeth!

Old Works was a house on a piece of land that the Earl of Bradford's coachmen built in 1698. An occupant by the name of Colley Cibber wrote his Comedy called 'Refusal; or the Ladies' Philosophy.' The spot was so greatly admired that Talbot, Bishop of Durham, lived eight years in it, and the Marquis of Carnarvon succeeded him as a tenant: next came Mrs. Chenevix, a famous French toy-woman. 

Horace Walpole bought up Mrs. Chenevix's lease, and afterwards the fee-simple; and henceforth became the busiest, if not the happiest, man in a simple way in existence.

The overrated Gothic style of Strawberry Hill;is hated for it's now standing form. Although it is overrated for it's simplicity, it is underrated for the many years it took to build--twenty three.It was begun in 1753, and finished in 1776. 

Strawberry Hill was chic and modern in a Gothic artistic way, and almost everything was designed by Horace himself; all of the internal decorations such as the book-shelves, screens, niches, and chimney.

Horace wss considered a social man of his time, but the irony of it all was the loneliness he felt in his heart. No matter how many people could fill the room, he would always be empty, and that was his--by nature.

Strawberry Hill was worth it, though. Imagine the time spent, the lonely hours and days, but with that came the strength of a lonely with a growing imagination.

'The Strawberry Gazette,' Horace once wrote to a fine and titled lady, 'is very barren of weeds.' Such, however, was rarely the case. Peers, and still better, peeresses,--politicians, actors, actresses,--the poor poet who knew not where to dine, the Maecenas who was 'fed with dedications'--the belle of the season, the demirep of many, the antiquary, and the dilettanti,--painters, sculptors, engravers, all brought news to the 'Strawberry Gazette;' and incense, sometimes wrung from aching hearts, to the fastidious wit who professed to be a judge of all material and immaterial things--from a burlesque to an Essay on history or Philosophy--from the construction of Mrs. Chenevix's last new toy to the mechanism of a clock made in the sixteenth century, was lavished there.
