He was advised to prep for his death because he was weakening from the large doses of opium he was taking taking to ease himself from his agonies.

He took the news with great bravery and took leave of his children, accepting his fate.

He died March 28, 1745.

Regardless of whether or not Horace Walpole was Lord Orford's son, he wrote passionately about this even and the agonies of disease.

"How much more," he sadly adds, "He will never recover, one scarce dare hope about; for us, he is greatly recovered; for himself..." Then he breaks off.

"Granvilles" were the only people allowed in court but it seems that Horace was secretly adored by them, especially by Lady Sophia Fermor.

Before his father's death, Horace wrote: The Granville faction are still the constant and only counternanced people at court.

Except their boldness, nothing could surpass their sillyness.  For example, to make for better amusment, it had become popular to make conundrums.  They found it so amusing that they printed books full of them that they created at parties.

But these were peaceful abberations.

For years homage was paid to her acclaimed beauty.  Her portrait showed her in her bib and tucker, wearing a sort of half cap, half veil.  She was very refined and had the softest eyes but kept such lively expression.  

She was as unpredictable in her dress as she was in her character.  So much that when she chose to show up as the grande dame, no one could handle her.  Mrs. Delany recalled her at the Birth-day, "Her dress of white satin, embroidered with vine leaves, convolvuluses, rose-buds, shaded after nature." But she also says her friend, "Was so far beyond the master-piece of art that one could hardly think of her clothes.  Allowing for her age, I never saw so beautiful a creature."

Houghton, meanwhile, fell silent because its owner died £ 50,000 in debt. According to Horace, his older broher, the second Lord Orford, suggested, after keeping it closed for some time, entering upon, "New and then very unknown economy, for which there was great need."

Sir rober Walpole had obtained a large sum of money by selling out at the right moment, in the South Sea scheme.
