"Never has, maybe never be the same no desires, no needs, but has a weakness - his daughter .. 
She is a beautiful young girl, who, in his dark distrust everyone in the courtroom as men, had been educated in a monastery near Vienna. 

She now lives with a respectable family in Vienna, but never seen, never enters the castle to ask for fear he should be seen by some of the gentlemen of the court. This girl has formed an attachment to a young doctor. They would like to marry, but no practice, no money. Her father has saved nothing, but spent all his wages in education, and has his daughter's dowry. " 

"And he intends to plead with the empress for this feat?" 

"If the thought came to him was to put it aside with contempt, because their only ambition is to make any application without receiving gifts from the Empress. 

Even now act on behalf of the gold only against their idea of law, went to her daughter to die of sadness. As I said before, his heart and head must be won, then we should only speak of the reward. " 

"If this man has a heart, can not fail to win when we say all that remains Trenck has suffered and continues," said the princess. "The agony and despair that have accumulated over the head of a poor mortal definitely going to play both head and heart. When we have achieved, we will give your daughter a handsome dowry. God has willed that I am rich right now, and can fulfill my promises. My pension as abbess and my salary as princess were paid yesterday. 

There is a small fortune on my desk, and I'll add more to it. Do you think that four thousand gold pieces will be enough to win the heart of the Savoy? " 

"For any other would be enough, but to win this sincere heart, your offer is not too large." 

"But is it enough?" 

"Is." 

"Now all we need is a messenger that ruse to send him, a man whose heart and head, soul and body are united in the cause he advocates. 

General, where we will find a man? " 

General Riedt laughed. 

"I thought his Royal Highness had already found." 

The princess looked at him in amazement. 

"Ah," he cried, the jeweler, the man who brought me the cup;. I mentioned that in so wise and discreet in a way " 

"I think they want to come back early tomorrow morning?" 

"How do you know that? Do you know him?" General Riedt bowed smiling. "I dared to send her royal highness." 

"Ah, now I understand everything, and we must recognize that jewelry is a great negotiator that you are a diplomat. The cup that I showed you, you sent me? " 

"I received the governor of Magdeburg, the Landgrave of Hesse, and I could not do anything with it, I ventured to send to your royal highness." 

"And I thank you, in general, to send it in so discreet, so wise manner. You may perhaps succeed in keeping all the secret of my brother, so can not act against us.
