"He never has, perhaps never may be. He himself has no desires, no necessities; but he has one weakness--his daughter. 

 She is a young and lovely girl, whom he, in his dark distrust of all at court in the form of men, has had educated in a convent far from Vienna. 

 She is now living with some respectable family in Vienna, but she never visits him, never enters the castle to inquire for him for fear she should be seen by some of the court gentlemen. This girl has now formed an attachment to a young doctor. They would like to marry, but he has no practice, she no money. Her father has saved nothing, but spent all his wages on her education, and has no dowry for his daughter." 

 "And he intends to plead with the empress for this dower?" 

 "If such a thought came to him he would put it away with contempt, for his only ambition consists in making no requests, receiving no gifts from the empress. 

 Nor would he now act for this gold alone contrary to his idea of right, were his daughter to die of sorrow. As I said before, his heart and head must first be won, then only must we speak of reward." 

 "If this man has a heart, we cannot fail to win it when we tell him all that Trenck has suffered and still endures," cried the princess. "The agony and despair that have been heaped upon the head of one poor mortal will surely touch both head and heart. When we have succeeded, we will give his daughter a handsome dower. God has so willed it that I am right rich now, and can fulfil my promises. My pension as abbess and my salary as princess were both paid in yesterday. 

 There is a little fortune in my desk, and I shall add more to it. Do you think four thousand louis d'or will be sufficient to win the Savoyard's heart?" 

 "For any other it would be more than sufficient; but to win this honest heart, your offer is not too great." 

 "But is it enough?" 

 "It is." 

 "Now, all that we need is some sure, cunning messenger to send to him; a man whose heart and head, soul and body are bound up in the cause he advocates. 

 General, where shall we find such a man?" 

 General Riedt laughed. 

 "I thought your royal highness had already found him." 

 The princess looked at him in amazement. 

 "Ah," cried she, "the jeweller; the man who brought me the cup; who referred me to you in so wise and discreet a manner." 

 "I think you desired him to return early to-morrow morning?" 

 "How do you know that? Are you acquainted with him?" General Riedt bowed smilingly. "I ventured to send him to your royal highness." 

 "Ah! I now understand it all, and must acknowledge that the jeweller is as great a negotiator as you are a diplomatist. The cup I showed you, you sent to me?" 

 "I received it from the Governor of Magdeburg, the Landgrave of Hesse; as I could do nothing with it, I ventured to send it to your royal highness." 

 "And I thank you, general, for sending it in so discreet, so wise a manner. We may, perhaps, succeed in keeping all this secret from my brother, so that he cannot act against us.
