Neither he ever had nor probably neither will he ever have it. He does not have any requirements or needs for himself. His only weak point id his daughter who is a beautiful young lady. 

He never believed the court of men and hence for his daughter’s education he sent her to a convent place which is quite far off from Vienna. Now she lives there with a reputed family. She is afraid of being identified by the court men. This is the reason she never comes to see her father neither she fortress to inquire about her father.

The girl has now developed some liking for a young doctor and they want to get married. But the doctor has no established practice and she also does not have any money. Her  father has spent all his earnings for her education and saved nothing for her dowry.”

“ Does he intend to beg the Queen for the dower?”

“ He hates to receive any gift  or requesting any favor from the Queen. He will despise such an idea. Even if the daughter dies of grief, he would not get engaged in any such act for this gold which  is against his principles. If we want to reward him, first we have to win his confidence”

The princess wailed “ We can definitely win his heart, if he has any,  by telling him that Trenck had bee  suffering and is still suffering.  The amount of  pain and  misery that has been mounded over the poor girl will no doubt affect anyone’s head and heart both. Once we convince him, we will generously pay a dower to the daughter. By God’s grace I am quite wealthy now to keep my promises. Yesterday I received both my pension as the abbess and my wages as a princess. I have some wealth now and will be adding some more to it.  Is four thousand louis d'or enough to win Savoyard's heart?”

“ This would have been great for any one, but for an honest person like him,  it not so.”

“ But is it sufficient?”

“ Yes, it is”
 
“ We must find some sly messenger to be sent to him; a person who is committed to his cause by his head body and soul. Now the question is  how and where do we find that person?”

General Riedt laughed. He said “ I was under the impression that your royal highness have already spotted that person”

The princess was astonished and looked at him. She  howled “  It is the jeweler. He is the man who got me the cup. The way he referred me to you was really intelligent  and tactful.”

“ I believe you wanted him to go back tomorrow early morning, is’nt it?”

“ How come you are aware of that? Are you familiar to him?


General Riedt smiled and bowed “It was me who took the risk of sending him to your highness.”


“ Oh! Now the things are getting clear to me. I must admit that the jeweler is as great a negotiator as you are a diplomat. Is it you who sent me the cup which I just referred to?”

“Governor of Magdeburg, the Landgrave of Hesse had given it to me. It was of no use to me hence I endeavored to send it to you”

“Thank you general for being so tactful and intelligent in sending this. Now, we should not reveal this to my brother otherwise he will go against us”
