Three prominent provinces which have alcades are: Bombon, Balaian, Mindoro, which has roughly twenty thousand indigenous people, Pampanga, which has thirty thousand indigenous people, and the province of La Laguna de Bai, where a similar number of Indians live.

In my opinion, the offices of alguacil and clerk will be just as important as they currently are in Spanish communities.  According to the foundation of the Audiencia of Manila. Felipe II; May 5, these offices are not as important in other provinces.

Translations:  Out of the four documents, the first and third have been translated by Alfonso de Salvio (Harvard).  The second was translated by Herber E. Bolton (U. of Texas).  The fourth by Henry B. Lthrop (U. of Wisconsin).

COMPLAINTS AGAINST PENALOSA

On behalf of the Fillipinas Islands, Captain Gabriel de Rivera beseeches your Highness to see that due attention and consideration are given to advancing and preserving the islands, where his Majesty set his eyes in such a fixed way, and which have cost thousands of ducats, as well as the lives of Spanish citizens.

May that which has been asked be delivered, in accordance with the memorials I presented to your Highness and the royal person.  Indeed, it befits the service of God, that of your Majesty, as well as both the good government and the progress of those islands.

The appointment of Don Gonsalo Ronquillo in the position of governer for life, the many sentences, favors, and decrees on his behalf, cause harm to the aformentioned islands.  We have seen for ourselves that this action harasses and completely ruins them.  This appointment is contrary to the orders and laws which were given for the new discoveries.  For example, the Filipinas islands were discovered over 50 years ago.  They were settled during the time of the emperor and since they were returned to Nueba Espana they had not been discovered.  The settlers don't have the sustenance required to land, untill the viceroy, Don Luis de Belasco, by your order, despatched a fleet of ships to the islands.  Miguel Lopez de Legazpi was sent as governer.  He made a settlement and found a way of return.  His journey was at his own expense.  The favors granted to him during that time where very small, so small in fact that he wasn't even permitted to take a repartimiento.  During the twenty years the islands have been settled, they have enjoyed a peaceful and quiet life.
