I had  typed  a very exhaustive preface to them addressed to M. Frederic Villot. The  conversion  of all this had been  coordinated  for me by M. Challemel Lacour, a man with  who  I had become acquainted at Herwegh's  home  in days gone by when he was a political refugee. He was a highly  educated  translator, and had now  wrapped up  me such admirable service that every one  acknowledged  the  worth  of his work. I had  bestowed  J. J. Weber, the bookseller in Leipzig, the German  primary  of the preface to  issued  under the  label  of Zukunftsmusik. This pamphlet  in addition   arrived at  me now, and  delighted  me, as it  possibly   exemplified  the only  effect  of my  total  Paris undertaking, which looked so  sparkling  on the surface.

At the matching time I was now in a location to whole the new composition for Tannhauser, of which the many rhythmical motion outlook in the Venusberg was still incomplete.

I closed it at three o'clock one early after dwelling up all after dark, just as Minna returned household from a many ball at the Hotel de Ville to which she had been with a friend. I had bestowed her some handsome presents for Christmas, but as far as I myself was afraid I carried on, on the suggestions of my healer, to give support the slow method of recovery by a beefsteak in the early and a glass of Bavarian beer before going to bed.

We did not watch the aged year out; on the divergent, I withdrew to bed and snoozed coolly into 1861.

1861.--The slackness with which the rehearsals of Tannhauser were being carried out when I plunged unwell modified at the commencing of the new year into a more resolved dealing of all the particulars bound with the planed performance. But I could not bungle to discern at the matching time that the stance of all those who took part was extensively altered. The rehearsals, which were more several than might be looked frontwards to, granted me the appearance that the organisation was adhering to the stringent execution of a lead, but were not blasted by any expect of winning results. Certainly I now received a rational insight into the real state of affairs. From the press, which was wholly in the hands of Meyerbeer, I knew long in the past what I had to expect. The organisation of the Opera, possibly after replicated efforts to make the head chiefs in the press tractable, were now likewise sold on that my Tannhauser endeavour would only get concurrently with a hostile welcoming from that quarter. This scenery was divided even in the utmost disks, and it looked like as if an endeavour was being made to divulge some signifies whereby to win over to my boundary that part of the operatic public which could turn the scales.

Prince Metternich conveyed me an bid one day to get concurrently the new cabinet minister, Count Walewsky.

An air of commemoration pervaded the introduction, and made it mostly noteworthy when the Count in a persuasive dialogue tried to argue me that they gave enjoyment every hope for my good wealth and wished for to aid me to a sparkling success.

He adjoined in resolution that the power to issue this was in my own hands, if I would only approval to usher in a classical rhythmical motion into the second play-act of my opera; the most congratulated ballet-dancers from St. Petersburg and London had been recommended to me, and I had only to make my selection; their undertaking would be deduced after I had entrusted the triumph of my work to their co-operation.

In diminishing these requests I consider I was no less eloquent than he in establishing them.
