Quick, Le Catt, make your preparations; call the servants, and show them what they have to do for royalty.

A king is so powerful just in the name that he could transform even dullest and notorious places into a noble dwelling, and this I am obligated to believe. On the opposite side of the spectrum however, the ambassador is as dull as those of the worthy possessor of my present palace. It is probably because he refuses to recognize me as a representative of God--as king by the grace of God. That means we simply have to show him the great glamour of royalty. We must improvise a throne, and, it appears to me, that leathern arm-chair, which certainly belonged to a grandfather, is well suited to the occasion. This was not a object I stole or could even buy, but I inherited it. Shove it, then, into the middle of the room, and fasten some of the Russian flags, which we took at Zorndorf, on the wall behind it; spread my tent-carpet on the floor, and my throne saloon is ready. 

The kind anxiously rang for Deesen and said, 'I will make my toilet; I must not appear before the worthy ambassador in such unworthy guise."  "Deesen," said he, gayly, "we will imagine ourselves to be again in Sans-Souci, and about to hold a great court. I must do then, what I have not done for a long time--make grande toilette. I will wear my general's uniform, and adorn myself with the order of the Black Eagle. I will have my hair frizzed, and screw up an imposing cue. Well, Deesen, why do you gaze at me so wildly?" 

The anxious and aggrevated king cried and yelled "Well, but what" when Deesen stuttered, "Sire, the general's coat is here, but--" 

"But the breeches! the breeches!" stammered Deesen, turning pale; "they are torn; and those your majesty now wears, are your last and only ones."

Although Deesen pleated emphatically with his hands "That is wholly impossible," . the Kinds stated with laughter ,"Well, then,I will continue to wear my last and only breeches; I will put on my general's coat, voila tout."


"If your majesty proposes to hold a great court, you cannot possibly wear these breeches!"

 As Deesen pleaded with the king, angerly yelled, "Why not? why not?" said

"Sire," murmured Deesen, "sire, that has happened to them which happened to your majesty at Torgau."

"That is to say--"said the king, questioningly.

"That is to say, they are wounded."

Frederick looked surprised, and following the glance of his valet, he found his eyes fixed upon his knees.

"You are right, Deesen," said he, laughing; "that disaster has befallen my breeches which befell me at Torgau: they are wounded, and need a surgeon."

"Your majesty must therefore graciously postpone your great court till to-morrow.

Perhaps I may find a tailor in one of the neighboring villages; he will work during the night, and early tomorrow every thing will be in order." The king however demanded that the work was done tonight, as a matter of fact in a few hours,"In a few hours the injury must be healed, and my apparel fully restored to health."

Distraught but exhausted Deesen said, "how can that be possible? Your majesty has but one pair, and you must take them off, in order that they may be mended."

"Well, I will take them off," said the king; "go and seek the tailor. I will undress and go to bed till this important operation is performed.

Go at once!"

Although Deesen did not agree he went through the streets yelling--"A tailor! a tailor! is there a tailor amongst the soldiers?" The king heard this while he was getting undressed, and then went into his bed.

Deesen ran into see the king with a happy face

"Sire, I have found a soldier who can do the work; he is not a tailor, but he swears he can sew and patch, and he undertakes to dress the wounds."

The king knowing that profession is inheritted such as his royal seat was annoyed at Deesen's news and said, "And yet, it is said that a higher power rules the world," murmured the king, when he was again alone; "accident--accident decides all questions.

If there had been no tailor amongst the soldiers, the King of Prussia could not have received the ambassador of Tartary to-day, and the negotiations might have been broken off."

Le Catt entered, followed by a servant with the Russian flags and the carpet, at this exact moment. When he saw the king in bed, he started back, and asked anxiously "if his majesty had been taken suddenly unwell?"

"No," said Frederick, "I am only making my toilet."

"Your toilet, sire?"

"Yes, Le Catt, did you see a soldier at the door?"

"Yes, sire."

"What was he doing?"

"He seemed to be sewing."

"He is sewing, and he is to-day my first gentleman of the bedchamber; he is dressing me.
