From the moment young people wandering English, which tells the story wakes up on the hill to be covered by a beautiful maiden and a giant wolf-dog, the dashes of excitement unpausing emotion.
A protest however, I must say. The behavior of the young heroine and beautiful (as before) and his unwavering dedication to her lover may be true to nature, but a little out of my own sympathy, and gave the boy English first person singular also adored, and that she and her partner chose abominable treaty. To my thinking, unrequited devotion has nothing to do in a story like this. realistic pathos Dobbin can have your dash or Tom, but the wild episodes of demand drafts tushery satisfactory finish sanctified by custom. With this book I can only call Wolf-bait on the best adventure story that has occurred this season. 

* * * * * 

From the first pages of Calvary Alley (Hodder and Stoughton) are concerned with children's choir, and a cathedral and a rose window, things that there is no sufficient reason, a unique partnership of the Old World, which was a little scared, as the action proceeded, the words of the police and dimes and trolley cars. 

Of course, this only meant that I had forgotten, ingratitude, a country where it could be any fairy ALICE RICE HEGAN expected to be established. Anyway, Calvary Alley shows an admirable show, a tale of the fortunes expansion of a girl, from the bleak neighborhood is named for the book, through many varied experiences of reform, a bottling plant and members of ballet, to the shelter of marriage. Through them all, Nancy, the heroine, has a very human personality and attractive, so that one gets to see the young woman who pulled the heroic chest on the last page as the logical development of stamping his foot irregular urchin naked in the soft cement Calvary Alley in the first. On the other hand - wonder of wonders for transatlantic fiction - the author is able to write about children, and lives of the inhabitants of the city contrasts rich and poor, without falling into sentimentality, oh yeah sic omnes! 

But any American bishops are strikingly different from English or rice variety lady, following the example of Mr. Wells, has allowed itself Episcopal burlesque. 

In any case, the resulting picture is almost worthy of a collection of otherwise admirably drawn original characters. 

* * * * * 

Christine (Macmillan) contains a very telling image of Germany in the months immediately preceding the war, but I'm stumped - and a little provoked - by the way it is presented. 

I had a telegram saying he was dead. I tried to go to Stuttgart, but was rejected at the border. "Then follows a note of Editors in the sense that some people's names have been altered. After it is naturally surprised to find the book advertised as a" new novel. "All I can say is that if Miss Cholmondeley's true preface, his book is a novel, and if not true, do not think the prologue is fair or good taste. My opinion, for what it is worth, is that Miss Cholmondeley it was in Germany during the summer of 1914, and has chosen this form to tell us what he saw and heard. However the cards are undoubtedly the work of someone who knows Germany and the inhabitants thereof. 

And for this reason excellent Christine not to be missed by anyone who wants to know in advance what state of activist of the Germans living. The main focus of search has been thrown over the Hun, of the patrons of middle-class boarding house for members of the race Junker. Whether these letters should be classified as fiction or do not contain facts, and as they are written in a style that is both vivid and attractive my advice to you is to read and not worry too much about the prologue. 

* * * * * 

The Four Corners of the World (Hodder and Stoughton) is emphatically what to call a book by the fireplace. In these cold autumn night, rain or dead leaves or shrapnel turn out, you could have nice little fellow that Mr. AEW Mason, when, as here, in communicative mood. He has a dozen good stories to tell, most of them with an emotion very well, which produced the greatest effect possible in large part by the use of a crisp and unemotional style that allows the events following his sensational own way to the reader's nerves.
