When the wandering English youth who tells the story rises on the hillside to find himself contemplated by a beautiful maiden and an enormous wolf-hound, the adventure dashes from thrill to thrill unrelenting.

A protest however I must admit. The behavior of the young and stunning heroine and her single-minded commitment to her love may be true to nature, but somewhat isolated my own sympathies, already given to the first-person-singular English lad who also adored her, and whom both she and her chosen mate treated abominably. I think unrequited devotion has no business in a story of this sort. Realistic pathos may have its Tom Pinch or Dobbin, but the wild, crazy and whirling episodes of tushery demand the satisfactory completion hallowed by custom. Only with this reservation, I can call Wolf-lure about the best adventure-novel that the present season has ever produced.

* * * * *

Since the starting pages of Calvary Alley (HODDER AND STOUGHTON) are concerned with a cathedral and a rose-window, choir-boys and things to which one gives, without much reason, an association solely of the Old World, I was slightly startled, as the action continued, by the mention of trolly-cars and cops and dimes.

This only meant that I had forgotten the country in which any story by ALICE HEGAN RICE may be expected to take place. Anyhow, Calvary Alley proves an admirable entertainment, a story of a girl's fortunes, from the sad, unfortunate slum that the book is named for, through many different recollections of reform schools, a bottling factory and membership of the ballet, to the haven of matrimony. Through all of it, Nance, the lovely heroine, carries an incredibly human and engaging personality, so that we are able to see the young woman who is pinned to the heroic breast on the final page as the logical development of the ragged urchin stamping her bare foot into the soft cement of Calvary Alley on the first. Moreover--wonder of wonders for transatlantic fiction!--the author tells about children, and the very different lives of rich and impoverished city residents, without lapsing into too much sentimentality.

However, either American bishops are strangely different from the English variety, or Mrs. RICE, lead by Mr. WELLS'S example, has allowed herself an episcopal burlesque.

Either way, the portrait resulting is hardly worthy of an otherwise admirably-drawn group of unique characters.

* * * * *

Christine (MACMILLAN) contains a very bright and colorful picture of Germany in the months immediately following the War; but I am perplexed--and somewhat provoked--by the way it's presented.

I received a telegram stating she was dead. I attempted to go to Stuttgart, but was turned around at the frontier. Then follows a Publishers' note to the effect that some personal names have been altered. After this one is naturally surprised to find the book advertised as a "new novel." All I can say is that, if Miss CHOLMONDELEY'S preface is in fact truthful, her book is not a novel, and that, if it is untrue, I do not think the foreword is reasonable, fair, or in good taste. In my opinion, for what it may be worth, is that Miss CHOLMONDELEY was herself in Germany during the summer of 1914, and has chosen this way of informing us of what she saw and heard. The letters are undoubtedly the creation of someone who knows Germany and the inhabitants thereof very well.

For this brilliant reason, Christine should not be missed by anyone who desires to know in what a state of militant anticipation the Germans were existing. The strongest searchlight has been thrown over the Hun, from the habitués of a middle-class boarding-house to members of the Junker breed. Whether these letters should be classified as fact or fiction they contain facts, and as they are written in a style at once vivid and engaging my advice to you is to read them without worrying much about the foreword.

* * * * *

The Four Corners of the World (HODDER AND STOUGHTON) is emphatically what I will label a fireside book. On these chilliest of Autumn evenings, with the rain or the dead leaves or the shrapnel whirling by outside, you couldn't possibly have many more agreeable companions than Mr. A.E.W. MASON, when he is, as here, in communicative mood. He has a baker's dozen of astonishing tales to tell, most of them with an incredible thrill, out of which he gets the largest possible effect, in large part by the use of an unemotional and crisp style that lets the sensational happenings find their own way to the nerves of us, the readers.
