Regarding Thomas Wright of Durham.

In April, 1848, it was my privlege to provide an account of his "Original Theory or new Hypothesis of the Universe" to the Philosophical Magazine. Writing in the mid to late 1700's, his thoughts or predictions on the future of astronomy, in particular regarding the central sun and the milky way, reveal him to be one of the most remartable thinkers of his time.

Some seven years after his death in 1786, the Gentleman's Magazine published a rather spotty biography of Thomas Wright. Though it describes the struggles he suffered whilst still a young man without means of livelihood, it makes no mention of his middle years, only resuming the tale, in 1756, or thereabouts, once he had already gained his hansome competence in philosohical matters.

Aware of my continuing interest in such matters, some days after this my account was published, Captain R. E. James informed me of the presence of a large four-foot orrey in Portsmouth. It had, in fact, been constucted for the Royal Acadamy at Portsmouth, by Wright himself. Furthermore according to John Harris in his work, "Use of Globes", Wright held the title of Instrument-Maker to his Majesty, and kept his shop at the Orrey, near Water Lane, Fleet Street (No. 136)

It is rather strange that this information was omitted from the biography in the Gentleman's Magazine, since the 8th edition of the "Use of Globes" was published in 1767, many years previously. Indeed, referencing the advertisements in Harris's work, Wright had an extensive business as an instrument maker, though few would have been as philosophically minded. 

Your readers may perhaps be able to provide some further information. 

Regards,
A. De Morgan.


It has recently come to my attention that at funerals in the Teame valley, at Broadwas, Worcestershire, it is custom are for the bearers of the coffin to, upon reaching "the Church Walk" and set it down, to stand about and bow to it.

B. A. Cuthbert Bede

*****

QUERIES

LITTLECOTT & SIR JOHN POPHAM

Few are unaware of the rumours of the means by which Sir John Popham (Chief Justice) acquired possession of the manor ot Littlecot in Wiltshire. 

Though it has been taken up and retold by such icons as Aubrey and Sir Walter Scott, as well as many more of lesser repute, I myself am hesitant to repeat such a notorious tale, especially in this learned community. 

Indeed, such is the reputaion of this publication as part of the "detective police" that your close examination and the the resulting elucidation of many points in regard to this matter, would no doubt be interesting to many, as well as greatly helpful to myself.

I have no doubt that further clarity on this matter would be of particular interest to those decendants of Sir Popham, specifically those currently inhabiting the estate, as well as to those of us who have an interest in the purity of the bench, in all tenses. 

Futher to this cause, I bring to your attention  the existence of a petition that was committed to four privy councillors of Queen Elizabeth, under whose rule, Sir Popham was a great judge. After investigation, it was found to be slander and the petitioners were punished. 

If, upon re-discovery and re-examination, the slander in the petition were found to reference this matter, the details of the investigation might aid in revealing the utter falsehood of the charges.

Furthermore, it would be usefull to find details of the means by which Sir Popham aquired Littlecott, or by which it was lost to the Darell family, specifically the dates of said events. Any records regarding the arraignment of Darell for murder, or the judge presiding over such, would also be useful.

Considering the staunch reputation of Sir Popham during his time on the bench, particulary amoung his associates, the rumours appear to contradict the very fabric of reality. 

If there does exist evidence by which to refute the onging slander, I trust you will, at least, consider the case curious enough to find such.

Edward Floss

*****

EARLY EDITION OF THE NEW TESTAMENT. 

Having recently come into the possession of a copy of the New Testament - though "N. & Q." to whom I am greatly obliged - I am curious to discover when it was printed and also, the name of the translator.

Unlike any modern book, it seems never to have been covered with leather, cloth, or any other material. Instead, it has been bound in the traditional manner, between boards, with three thongs, to which the sheets are stitched. It has had clasps at some point and measures four inches in length and two in thickness.

The chapters have generally been split, by means of the first letters of the alphabet, into four to five sections. Unlike recent printings, it has not been divided into verses, and the aforementioned letters are neither equidistant nor always mark a fresh paragraph.
