J. B - T. 
Thomas Wright of Durham .-- In the Journal of Philosophy April 1848, which realized the "original theory or new hypothesis of the Universe" by Thomas Wright, whose estimates of modern speculation about the Milky Way, the central sun , and some other points, making it one of the most remarkable astronomical thinkers of his time. 

In the biography in the Gentleman's Magazine, 1793, is described as struggling to make life as a young man, and do not realize how handsome won the competition that arose in 1756, more or less. A few days after my account was published, I was told (by Captain James, RE) that a large four-foot planetarium, built by Wright of the Royal Academy in Portsmouth, was still in that city, and title "J. Harris Globe use" it seems that he (Wright) maintained his studio in the planetarium, near Water Lane, Fleet Street (No. 136), under the title of instrument maker to His Majesty. 

In an edition of Harris (8, 1767), who recently met with the former is described as "a store late Thomas Wright," & c. For ads that this work contains, Wright must have had an extensive business as a philosophical instrument-maker. The omission in the biography is a stranger. It is possible that some information may fall into the path of some of its readers. 

A. De Morgan. 

A custom funeral .-- In Broadwan, Worcestershire, in the valley of the Team, is the custom at funerals, on reaching the "Church Walk, whose owner to set the coffin, and in its present form around to submit to it. 

Cuthbert Bede, BA 

* * * * * 

Queries. 

LITTLECOTT - Popham DON JUAN. 

Everyone knows the tradition attached to the Littlecott mansion in Wiltshire, and means that given by the Chief Justice Sir John Popham took possession. 

It says Aubrey, Sir Walter Scott, and many others, and it is known that repeated here. Let me make you or your correspondents learned if there is any refutation of a charge as seriously detrimental to the character of any judge, and so inconsistent with the reputation that Chief Justice Popham enjoyed among cotemporaries? 

Lord Ellesmere see note it in the case of Postnati II (State trials. 

669.), And the Sir Edward Coke flattering picture of him at the end of the case of Sir Drew Drury (Reports, vi. 75.). Are there records showing that a Darell was always, in fact, tried on charges of murder, and the name of the judge who presided over the trial? 

Is the known date of death of the last Darell who owned the farm, or the acquisition of Sir John Popham of it? 

The discovery of these could shed much light on the subject, and possibly paying a complete contradiction. 

Sir Francis Bacon, in his argument against Sir John Hollis and defame others for Public Justice, said that - 

"Popham, a great judge in his time, was denounced at the request of Queen Elizabeth, which {219} made four private counselors, but it turned out to be outrageous, and the parties punished in court." - State Trials, vol. ii. p. 1029. 

If this request could be discovered, and must prove that the libel complained as it related to this story, the research then underwent four private counselors, and enjoyment of the chief justice of his high office for many subsequent years, would go far to prove the falsity of the total load. 

This is a "consummation devoutly wished" for all who feel an interest in the purity of the bench, and in particular by the current owners of the property, which should be eager for the fame of their ancestors. 

Useful publication has acted by the "police detective" in clarifying many points in the story less interesting than this, and I hope that will consider the curious case sufficient to warrant scrutiny. 

EDWARD FOSS. 

* * * * * 

FIRST EDITION OF THE NEW TESTAMENT. 

You should be very grateful if you could get through "N. & Q." when, where and by whom an imperfect copy black, letter from the New Testament, in the past come into my possession, was printed, and also who was the translator of the same. 

Is bound in boards, has three leaves round belts are sewn, seems never to have been covered with cloth, leather or other material, like our modern books, has had closures, and is four inches long and two inches thick. 

The chapters are generally divided into four or five pieces by the first letters of the alphabet. 

The letters are neither equidistant nor always marks a new paragraph. 

Not divided into verses.
