Thomas Wright of Durham.--In the Philosophical Magazine for April, 1848, I gave an explanation of the "inventive Theory or original Hypothesis of the cosmos" of Thomas Wright, whose anticipations of up to date speculation on the milky mode, the central sun, and some other points, make him one of the most noteworthy astronomical thinkers of his day. 
In the biography in the Gentleman's Magazine for 1793, he is described as fraught for a livelihood when a young man, and no account is given of the mode in which he obtained the attractive skill with which he emerges in 1756, or thereabouts. A few days after my account was published, I was informed (by Captain James, R.E.) that a large four-foot touchy, constructed by Wright for the Royal Academy at Portsmouth, was still in that town; and that by the title of "J. Harries Use of the Globes" it appears that he (Wright) kept his shop at the ratty, near Water Lane, Fleet Street (No. 136), under the title of instrument-maker to his Majesty. In an magazine of Harris (the 8th, 1767), which I lately met with, the more than is described as "late the shop of Thomas Wright," &c. By the advertisement which this work contains, Wright must have had an extensive business as a philosophical instrument-maker. The lapse in the biography is a strange one. Possibly some farther information may fall in the way of some of your readers. 
A. DE MORGAN. 
A Funeral Custom.--At Broadways, Worcestershire, in the valley of the Team, it is the custom at funerals, on reaching "the Church Walk," for the bearers to set down the coffin, and, as they stand in the region of, to bow to it. 
Culbertson  BEDE, B. A. 
* * * * * 
Queries. 
LITTLENESS--SIR JOHN POP-HAM. 
Every one knows the practice attached to the manor house of Littlest in Wiltshire, and the alleged means by which Chief Justice Sir John Pop ham acquired its tenure. 
It is told by Aubrey, Sir Walter Scott, and several others, and is too notorious to be here frequent. Let me ask you or your learned correspondents whether there exists any refutation of a charge so seriously detrimental to the character of any judge, and so incompatible with the reputation which Chief Justice burst ham enjoyed among his co temporaries? 
See aristocrat Ellesmere's notice of him in the case of the Postnatal (State Trials, ii. 
669.), and Sir Edward Coke's suitable picture of him at the end of Sir Drew Drucy's case (Reports, Vi. 75.). Are there any records viewing that a Darrell was ever in fact arraigned on a charge of murder, and the name of the judge who presided at the trial? 
Is the date recognized of the death of the last Darrell who possessed the estate, or that of Sir John Pop ham’s acquisition of it? 
The discovery of these might throw great light on the subject, and maybe afford a complete contradiction. 
Sir Francis Bacon, in his disagreement against Sir John Hollis and others for traducing public fairness, states that-- 
"Pop ham, a huge judge in his time, was complaining of by request to Queen Elizabeth; it was committed {219} to four privy councilors, but the same was found to be defamatory, and the parties punished in the court."--State Trials, vol. ii. p. 1029. 
If this petition could be discovered, and it should turn out that the slander complained of in it had reference to this story, the investigation which it then underwent by the four privy councilors, and the chief justice's enjoyment of his high office for so many subsequent years, would go far to prove the utter fabrication of the charge. This is a "consummation spiritually to be wished" by every one who feels an concentration in the purity of the bench, and particularly by the present possessors of the estate, who must be nervous for their intimates fame. 
Your useful publication has acted the part of the "detective police" in the elucidation of many points of history less interesting than this, and I trust you will consider the case curious enough to justify a close examination. 
EDWARD FOSS. 
------------ 
EARLY EDITION OF THE NEW TESTAMENT. 
I ought to be seriously obliged if I could obtain through "N. & Q." when, where, and by whom an imperfect black-letter copy of the New Testament, lately come into my possession, was printed, and also who was the translator of it. 
It is bound in boards, has three beach sandals round which the sheets are stitched, seems never to have been covered with cloth, leather, or other material like our modern books, has had clasp, and is four inches long and two inches wide. The chapters are divided normally into four or five parts by means of the first letters of the alphabet. The letters are neither placed halfway, nor do they always mark a fresh article. 
It is not divided into verses.
