It is very appropriate to the status quo that can not refrain from quoting it. 
Wallenstein. 

Yes, Max! 

For the "Swedish" replace "the League", and there is no word in the above passage could not have been made by Sir Robert Peel. Because, surely, until "the time to act" beaten, was the significant delay in communication, and no higher or argument was given to complete unfortunate that this follower, "which of two evils to be taken . But then, therefore, as a blessing, "she has no choice," and is "necessary in white," therefore, as a "grace and favor?" - For example, the necessity, when a clear and consistent and honorable course is still open? 

Evil, on the one hand is clear: the loss of self esteem - the unfulfilled promises - loss of trust - the abandonment of a national cause. 

Moreover it is doubtful; rest, but personal opinion, which can be painful to overcome, but should not stand for a moment on the path of public duty. 

Nothing is further from us to say that among those who have cast their lot on the opposite side, there are many who have done the best and purest motives. 

The public career of some, and private virtues of others, we refute if we dared to say otherwise. These could be the conviction, or may be a way to ignore the convenience - and either because they do not fight - but surely not for them, new converts, to imply ridicule of the reasons for interest and construction has been against those who uphold the principle deserted.

"Who are you a lawyer now?" interrupted Sir Robert Peel, in the discourse of power, and even chivalrous Mr. Francis Scott, a member of honor for Roxburghshire. Admitting that the question was jokingly and good humor to say, however, he admires the spirit of the response. 

"He told me that I am the lawyer. 

I am the lawyer of my opinions. I am not a delegate at this meeting. I will yield to no man in sincerity. I'm no lawyer, no party, no religion. I belong to no party. 

Segui, and was proud to follow, the party which was so gloriously - the part of the constitution, which was led by The Right Honourable Baron. 

He continued under his banner, and was glad to serve in it. I would have continued to serve under his flag if he had raised and maintained the same flag! "Can it be that the prime minister, who speaks so broadly about their own hurt feelings, can make no allowance for pain, and even indignation of those who are restrained by an overriding sense of duty to follow it further? 

Can you believe that a man like Mr. Stafford O'Brien have used language like this, not having been stung by the injustice of the course pursued towards him and his party: - "I do not envy his success--not going to participate in their small victory in number, and, maybe, without influence on the debate, which nevertheless maintain forward to protest their actions you will succeed; .. yea, and triumph over the men whose moderation in prosperity, and whose patience in adversity has commanded admiration - but whose death is blamed, that gives you confidence you will overcome them in coalition with strange men, who, true to its principles, can not welcome you as a friend, or respect. you as an adversary, and who I must say that the best and most patriotic of them all is the least rejoice in the fall of the great constitutional party ruined, and will most regret the loss of confidence public men in public! "
