"Genius is the higher activity of the soul, according to Diderot. Rousseau states that, "Genius makes knowledge unnecessary" and Kant tells us that genius is "the talent to discover that which cannot be taught or learned." The idea here is to show all that transcends beyond all mundane matters, and show that man is the source of his own light and power.  

Such a view of life places man at the center of the all things.  It releases him of religious denomination and illusive fears.  From those limits created by his own imagination that questions his self worth and places demands upon him in the name of religion.  

Humanism is full of a sense of freedom.  These extraordinarily considerations don't belong in the world view of the humanist.

Man lives with in a small world, but has an eternal and infinite destiny.  The humanist sees man as having been free of oppression wrought by supernatural revelation and laws.  It is this independence that gives rise to Goethe perennial enthusiasm.  

He says, that it is the greatest bliss which humanist's won back for us.  Therefore, we must try with all our might to keep it.  

We have attempted to show briefly the primary source of contemporary thought, so that we might see where we once were.  If you will, the quarry from which civilization was dug.  The minister tends to miscalculate the character of the ideas, which are embedded into many of the institutions and practices, which impinge upon him and his message.  They form an attrition that wears away at the religious character of the community.  Current vagueness at the pulpit, with it's uncritical impression, is influenced by the non-religious character of most elitists outside of the church, that press upon it and the rest of the thinkers.

Humanism from the 17th and 18th century had a strong influence in early American religious sermons.  In the late 1700's many broke from the Protestant scholaticism of the Reformation.  

The French Revolution, even from across the Atlantic, made the idea of the rights of man and individual sovereignty accepted.  Atheism became popular in our young nation.  

Many sophisticated men, of excellent education, began to mock the idea that Christianity should be taken seriously.  College students took upon them the names of Voltaire, Paine, and even the infamous Rousseau.
