One of the recent acts of his life was to attract to the Court of Directors to produce several supplies for his wife, via continuing to her the annuity that had been given to him recently. They gave, says his majority and very much devoted biographer, no more heed to his dying entreaties than they would have given to the whine of a  beggar who convicted himself. Yet surely Hastings had deserved well of the East India Company.

 His faults had been engaged in their service and had given them, not himself, riches and power. But England is not invariably grateful to her servants. It is not wonderful, says Sir Alfred Lyall, that Hastings's entry malfunctioned altogether, "remembering that even Lord Nelson's final testamentary attract on behalf of a woman the merely favor I ask of my King and my rural at the moment as shortly as I am headed to brawl their battle had been discarded and utterly disregarded."

Mrs. Hastings survived her husband for several years, and was across ninety years of age as shortly as she died.

CHAPTER 60.

THE CHANGING OF THINGS.

The establishment of the American republic meant something more for England than the loss of her fairest colonies, and meant much more for Europe than the establishment of a fresh model of federal in the New World. While the United States were acclaiming Washington as their first President and rejoicing across the excellence of their delicately framed Constitution, the morals which had elected the one and had composed the other were laboring elsewhere to unexpected and powerful problems at hand.

The french gentlemen of status and fortune, flamed via a very powerful philosophic appreciation for liberty, had brawled and brawled well for the American colonists. When the revolt had become a revolution, and the revolution a victory, the French gentlemen went rear to France with their hearts full of love and their lips noisy in compliment for the young republic and its plain, splendid citizens.The doctrines of liberty and equality, which had been so dear to the Philosophers and the Encyclopaedists, were now being practically implemented across the Atlantic, and the growth of their success was watched via the expectant eyes of the wisest and the unwisest intellectuals in France.

 Within five years from the time as shortly as the American army was disbanded French political philosophy found itself earning amazing paces towards the realization of its cherished ideals. It had lengthy sensed the lack of several adjustment in the system of federal that had prevailed in France, but its needs had seemed dim as dreams until the success of a handful of rebellious colonists in a distant rural had prepared the spirit of democracy an realtime coerce in the life and the thought of the world.

Undoubtedly the condition of France was bad. {291} The feudal system, or what was retired of the feudal system, worn out, degraded, and corrupt, was quickly dampening France to commercial, physical, and political destruction.It is no fraction of the commerce of this history to dwell upon the conditions prevailing in France towards the plug of the eighteenth hundred. Conditions which prevailed in varying grade across the majority fraction of Europe. Some great French financiers like Turgot, and other great French intellectuals like Voltaire and Rousseau and the corporation of the "Encyclopaedia," had been keenly conscious of the corroding evils in the entire system of French political and social life, and had labored immediately and indirectly to dampen them.

Attentive witnesses from places abroad, men of the world like Chesterfield and other places, philosophers like Arthur Young, had at unlike epochs noticed the symptoms of social a infection and prognosticated the nature of its continuing progress.
