One of the last acts of his life was going to appeal to the Court of Directors to make a provision for his wife, through the expansion of the annuity had been granted to him. 
He says his most devoted biographer, no more attention to their pleas to die than it would have been the buzz of a beggar self-condemned. But Hastings was certainly deserved well of the East India Company. His mistakes were committed in their service and had given them, not himself, wealth and power. But England is not always grateful to his servants. It is wonderful, says Sir Alfred Lyall, that the application failed completely Hastings, "recalling that until the last appeal of Lord Nelson probate on behalf of a woman - 'the only favor I ask of my King and my country at the time I'm going to fight their battle '- had been rejected and ignored completely. " 

Ms. Hastings survived her husband for some years, and was over ninety years old when he died. 

{290} 

CHAPTER LX. 

THINGS CHANGE. 

[Sidenote: 1789 - The political status of France] 

The establishment of the American republic meant something more to England than the loss of their colonies more just, and it meant much more to Europe than the establishment of a new form of government in the New World. While hailing Washington United States as its first president and joy for the excellence of carefully framed its Constitution, the principles he had chosen one and created the other were working in other places with unexpected problems and powerful. 

French gentlemen of rank and fortune, but with a philosophical admiration for freedom, fought and fought well for the American colonists. When the revolt had become a revolution, the revolution and the triumph, the French knights returned to France with a heart full of love and lips out loud in his praise for the young republic and its citizens simply, splendid. 

The doctrines of freedom and equality, which was so dear to the philosophers and the Encyclopedists, were now applied in practice across the Atlantic, and the growth of its success was seen by the eager eyes of the wise and unwisest thinkers in France. Within five years from the time the U.S. military disbanded French political philosophy was amazing progress towards achieving its cherished ideals. He had long felt the need for some change in the system of government that had prevailed in France, but his wishes had seemed weak as dreams until the success of a handful of rebellious colonists in a distant country had the spirit of democracy an immediate force in the life and thought of the world. 

No doubt the condition of France was bad. {291} The feudal system, or what remained of the feudal system, exhausted, degraded and corrupt, quickly went to France to reduce financial physical and political ruin. 

Business is not part of this story that dwell on the conditions prevailing in France at the end of the eighteenth century, the conditions that prevailed in varying degrees in most parts of Europe. Large French financial and Turgot, French thinkers like Voltaire and Rousseau and the company of the "Encyclopedia", was well aware of the evils corroding the entire system of French politics and social life, and worked directly and indirectly decrease. 

Keen observers of foreign eyes, the men of the world, including Chesterfield, philosophers such as Arthur Young, had at different times observed the symptoms of social disease and predicts the nature of their progress.
