His research in South America, although mostly limited to the valley of the Orinoco, have been deeper, and its great variety of facts and observations are very valuable. However, Humboldt found in nature with the coldness of the anatomy, the contents of the review of its physical structure, rather than by the zeal of those who take images of divine power as printed on solid rock and slide on the water.


Science, however, rigid, would not be restrained enthusiasm is a homage to the creative energy and irrepressible irrepressibly wonderful scene where the angels have admired the great cause, and if a man can not do without.

Humboldt glory of observer is based on a rock that no mortal power can not shake. Lacked the understanding respectful to the higher authorities the nature and depth, but as far as their mental eyes have seen, certainly describes and strongly protests against these powers.

He had been watching a wonderful knowledge of the courts outside of nature, although one seemed not to seek or have been dismayed to find his inner sanctuary. For example, his talent, but as the discovery of the genius, the wisdom that accumulates in the patient materials, and the fiery enthusiasm that defines the current activities in its natural spring, great creativity. Yet, very title of the great work of Humboldt, concentrated fruit of life of hard work "Cosmos" the importance of beauty and order, and then the visible world as described by the two seems to indicate emotional glimpse into the spirit of research material . His warmest admirers could not meet its desire to no longer worthy of him, which left the scene of earthly beauty, which for so long and diligently studied, may have been a pleasure to see that the field of celestial order, Cosmos, and the sky higher and deeper truth of external nature can teach.

American artist, the church, described with great power and beauty of some parts of the inspiring scenery of the Andes. The Church of transparent images are compositions and transcriptions of real points of view, but are not significant is the ideal beauty of the nature of truth. Although no actual scenes from the Andean States is responsible for his paintings, but the glorious features of the Andes, is seen in each row, all colors, all the strange lights and shadows in his paintings. The imagination, which can immediately see the power and size of things, is when you feel connected to the heart, the surest guide to those who might be described as a natural truth, even in the souls of men or material. realistic art can not be so very happy with the definition of composition, line by line and paragraph by paragraph, and the scene, of course, but a more complete critical claims that the universality of the composition are much more than your local identity can be lost.

In its capacity of imagination, the Church represented in two or three pictures of the landscape properties there to be faithful in enclosed copies of the real opinion, it would take hundreds of paintings.

It's like the best defense and the most praise.

The memories of my own observations in these noble mountains, and in an effort to express in the language, I feel, how much more ground to the painter.


You can explore for hours on canvas, until each scene is set on the canvas itself. However, I will try to provide an overview of the spectacular scenery of the Andes - awesome reality, but the mountains are scenes, like the quiet beauty touches the heart like a soft sweet music.

Just 100 miles to the Pacific arise in some of the highest peaks of the Andes, but that is much higher.


The coast, or the bridge of the sailing ships in it, it can be seen in clear weather, some of the peaks of the mountains. Beaches, mist and fog often temper the tropical sun and obscures distant objects, but in the early morning and evening, sometimes in great snowy dome of Chimborazo can be seen from afar, and the imposing majesty of the tropical vegetation, between the bottom and 'ocean. Seems to take on the sky of the immense form, so sometimes wears clothes of glory. Some years ago, New England, a clear night in winter, north aurora flushing the entire sky, and under the earth, covered with snow, was a red as the sky.
