Teachers in many schools have exclaimed: "How the hell does this man Rugby get to know all about us?" Teaching is a spiritual work or nothing, and the director of the center should be at the greatest teachers have been the head, a true leader of his personal spiritual things. 
Our 

profession is the most incredibly individualistic in the world. Probably the teaching of each subject can be improved by establishing a reality organized cooperation between the teaching of several teachers, and "politics" with its strong human appeal, with a leader worthy of his position, best place to start. Teachers meet for a real educational purpose - and the last thing they ever discussed in the Masters who have attended the meetings was educational principles - that would learn to see in others minds and methods, broaden their intellectual sympathies and understanding their differences. Thus, a real intellectual life of the company staff could begin. Often this does not currently exist, and their absence is fatal to the school as an institution would be intellectual. 

And certainly, the need for tolerant staff can hardly be exaggerated. 

And we're not thinking so much of war and controversies of the next few days. After the war a source lower than even the crudest jingoistic patriotism is to monopolize the political thought of the public school for the defense of "country", but of the property. The unorthodox not be denounced as "appeasers", but "socialist", and the enemy will not be the Kaiser, but perhaps the Prime Minister of a Labour government. But as the only hope for the world after the war seems to be in a League of Nations as England's only hope lies in the cooperation of all classes in a common pursuit of industrial justice. Public schools are "conserved class" of the rich, and their opportunities for good, for damages, will be almost unlimited. 

"To turn the youth of the capitalist class with all its prejudices intact is pure capitalist dereliction of duty by public school teachers." So he wrote a great teacher of the previous generation. The obvious way to destroy the prejudices and biases is an enthusiastic and capable exposition of the various forms of socialism. The best way to make the socialist teachers. But, assuming that the social teaching is false, why are not socialists who fear for the result? 

Is a necessary part of the system which in turn must make a reasoned defense of a reformed capitalism. 

If this is done "to young people of the capitalist class" may be a result anti-socialist or socialist, but at least go out in the world men of a certain economic understanding, with points of view based on reasoning and reasoning over or experience which may be changed, not men with the prejudices of the era intact. 

If we assume in our staff a general inclination toward freedom of opinion, anything is possible.

A hundred questions of the organization emerge, mainly practical, and easier to solve the specific experience of literary methods. You can, however, while worth a look at some of them. 

Teachers will always be human, and political education should be organized so that in every way suggest that teachers of divergent views are cooperating on a comprehensive program of political education, as none of them alone could provide, not compete by the political loyalty of the boys. 

A school is not a farewell to the elections in permanent session. Thus, although a controversial element is forced into the political education that could mitigate this element does not allow any way to go to more than one teacher for political work. The child will move from one form to another, and hence the conservatism of a summer course will be moderated by the radicalism of the winter. 

But these political compartments will not be particularly tight in any case. The Lord of the house will be a lasting influence, and when a child genius live just out of the way of an understanding teacher, it is unlikely that a total lose contact with others. 

At the top of the school, however, the item in question must be accepted with greater candor. We believe in the permanent institution of a voluntary political class in which the best kids listen again to the best of teachers who have taught them on their way to school.
