School Master's at many schools have exclaimed, "How these rugby humans came to know about us?" Teaching is a very good work from other works, it is like a spiritual work. And Head Masters are greatest and great leader of educational Institution.

Our profession is the most greater job in the world, probably the teaching of each and every subject would be improved by co-operation of all masters. Each and every master should discuss about the "politics", as well as the things whatever is going on in the world, and discuss the teaching techniques
from each other and take away the negative things which are there in us. If every staff does this things every institute would the greatest institute in their locality.
 
 And here we are thinking not so much of the war and its controversies as days that will follow.After the war a basic motive than even the crudest jingo patriotism will claim a monopoly over the political thought of the school boys for the defence not for country but for property.The unorthodox will be denounced not as "pacifists",but as socialist, and the enemy will be not the kaiser but the ruler of the government. But just only hope for the world after the war seems to lie in a League of Nations, so, only hope for the England lies in the co-operation of all classes in a common search for industrial justice. The public schools  not only for rich but also for everybody and the opportunity is for good.

"To turn out the young of the capitalist class with all their capitalist prejudices intact will be sheer dereliction of duty on the part of public schoolmasters".So one of our great old generation teacher wrote about the obvious way of destroying those prejudices and exposing the forms of socialism. These can be mostly done by socialist teachers. But, supporting the socialist teaching is false, why should those who are not Socialists fear for the result?

It is necessary part of the scheme that their side should make a reasonable defence of reformed capitalism.

If this is successfully done "the young of the capitalist class" may turn to Socialists or anti-Socialists, but at least they go out into the world men of some economic understanding, with some views based on reasoning or experience liable to be changed, but not men with inherited prejudice intact.

If we assume our staff for a general change towards freedom of opinion, everything becomes possible.
 
Hundreds of doubts arise on organisation, essentially practical questions, and more eagerly and easily solved by literary methods.

Masters are also the humans, we have to understand the words what they are telling and has to follow the things. Every master should have co-operation on some general schemes of political education such as no one of them alone could impart,not competing for the political allegiance of the boys.

Actually a  school is not a bye-election in permanent session. Each and everything should learn from the school,not only about politics but it is one part from all the subjects. we provide one master for the political work, boys will pass from one form to another,thus the conservatism of a summer term will be tempered by the radicalism of the following winter.

But these political compartments will not be any air-tight in any case.House master will be a permanent influence,and when a keen-witted boy has just got out of the form of a sympathetic master, it is unlikely that they will altogether lose touch with one another.
 
Any way at the top of the school, controversial elements are frankly accepted.we believe permanent in the institution of a voluntary Politics Class in which the best boys will hear again the best of the teacher who have taught them on their way up the school.
