Crit. Should the husband or wife to take the blame for that? Soc If the sheep is wrong to blame the pastor, as a rule, or if a horse shows we blame vice president at large on the pilot. But in the case of women, assuming that the wife had received instructions from her husband and yet she takes delight in doing evil, [12] may be that women are fairly held to blame, but assuming you have never tried teach her the first principles of "just and noble" behavior, [13] and is quite an ignorant [14] in these matters, surely the husband was held just the guilty. 
But we now (said) we are all friends here, make a clean breast and tell us Critobulus, pure self-evident truth: Is there a person you are more in the habit of entrusting matters of importance to wife? [12] Cf. "Riding," vi. 5 of a horse "to show the defect. [13] Or, "things beautiful and good name." [14] Al "The has been treated as a fool, lacking this knowledge high." Crit. Nobody. Soc And is there anyone with whom you are less in the habit of conversation with your wife? Crit. Not many, I must admit. Soc And when she married she was very young, a simple girl - in an era in which, so go see and hear, I had the slightest knowledge with the outside world? 

Crit. Of course. Soc Then would not it be surprising that she should have a real knowledge of how to speak and act together should go astray? Crit. But let me ask you a question, Socrates, are the happy couple, who tell us that women are blessed with good education themselves? 

Soc Nothing like research. I will introduce Aspasia, [15] to explain these issues to you in a much more scientific than I can. My belief is that a good wife, being as it is the partner in a common property that needs to be counterbalanced by her husband and counterpart for good, because if it is through her husband's operations generally, that goods of all kinds find their way into the house, however, is through the economy and saving the wife the bulk of expenditure is checked, and the question success or the misuse of it depends increase or impoverishment of an entire state. 

And so, with regard to other arts and sciences, I think I can draw the most skilled performers in each case, if you feel you have any further need for assistance. [16] [15] Aspasia. See "Mem." II. vi. 36. [16] H "There are proven performers in each will be a pleasure to illustrate a point where you think you need", etc. IV But why do we need to illustrate all the sciences, Socrates? (Critobulus order): it would be very easy to find craftsmen efficient of all the arts, and absolutely impossible to become expert in all of oneself. Therefore, please limit yourself to the most noble branch of knowledge that men consider, as best I PROPER continue devotion as good as I say they and their interpreters, and, above all to contribute as far as that is the help of his personal instruction. Soc A good suggestion, Critobulus, mechanical base for the arts, so called, have a bad name, and what is more, are carried out in bad reputation of civilized communities, and not without reason, as are the bane the bodies of all concerned in them, workers and supervisors alike, who are forced to remain in a sitting posture and embrace the loom, or to duck for days in front of a furnace. Hand in hand with physical impairment continues apace weakening of the soul: as the demand base that these mechanical arts made at the time of working on them leaving them no time to devote to the demands of friendship and the State . How can it be so popular that friends do not feel sick and defenders of the homeland? So much so that in some states, especially those reputed to be warriors, no citizen [1] is allowed to exercise any mechanical trade at all. [1] "In the strict sense, for example, the Spartans in Sparta. See "Pol Lac." vii;. Newman, op. cit. i. 99, 103 ff. Crit. So what are the arts that fall into one advise? Soc Well, do not be ashamed, I hope, to imitate the kings of Persia? [2] This king is said among the activities referred noblest and most necessary two in particular, which are the arts of farming and war, and these two that have the greatest interest.
