The spurs dug, the blood spurted. The crowd burst into a howl of joy as their favorite answer. Frightened by the sound, the pilot of Vitriol glanced over his shoulder, and saw the Lightning heaviness upon him like a thunder-bolt, regaining the ground it had lost, not by inches, but feet. Two hundred yards from the goal was in the black sides; hundred and fifty, which was on its circumference, a hundred, and horses were neck and neck, and remains the Quirt buzzed down the flanks heaving of The Lightning spurs dug deeper into his flesh trembling. 
The vitriol cowboy sitting as an image, using neither whip nor spur, teeth clenched, eyes on the goal ahead of the rider at his side. 

The intensity of the breath of the spectators had burst. They had begun to click their teeth, to mutter hoarsely, and then shouting, gesticulating, shaking their fists to the face of another, to push and fight for a better view.

"Holy God" said Pio Pico, carried out by himself, "the South is lost! Vitriol the magnificent! Ah, who would have thought? The black and gold! 

Ay! What! No! Santa Maria! Holy God -! " 

Six more steps and the race is over. With the bark of a coyote, South cowboy leans forward on the neck of vitriol. The large black and responds like a creature of reason. 

Below is the Quirt once - only once. Rose well ahead of his horse and shoots him in the victory, winning by a neck. The South has won the North. 

The crowd screamed and shouted until it ran out.

But even Cabañares demonstration did nothing to De la Vega. Not only was tired and depressed, but the victory was won nobly. 

It was getting late, and got into the city so close to pushing men who dared doñas, care about Dueñas, a topic on everyone's lips. Anger led to respect, on the other hand, De la Vega was the guest of General Castro, the most beloved man in California. They were willing to extend the hand of friendship, but he rode past, between the General and Mrs. Modeste, and seemed so little attention because of its good will as to his patient. 

Pio Pico was ahead, and as the procession entered the city that he left her and went up the mountain to bring the news to Isabel Herrera. 

Monterrey, rising in the hills of pine spikes, swept like a half moon on the bay of sapphire. 

The waves roared and fought against the white sand hills of the horn at a distance; in the nearest town which was the strong, dark and rough, but press with military life, and warning of U.S. attack. In the valley of red-tiled white houses of adobe studded a small city that was a series of curves radiating from a central street irregular. A few houses were on the hill on the right, sand filled brush on the left, the perfect curve of mountains, thick with pine trees and dense green undergrowth, rose above and around all, a bastion of splendid symmetry. 

"Ay! Ysabel! Ysabel!" cried the young people, and which swept the wide street. "Taking it to us, Your Excellency. Say it is not known until fall. We will tell you. Oh, poor Guido!" 

The Governor turned and waved, then continued the ascent of the hill, toward a long, low house, which showed no sign of life.
