I am cutting some tea - only twelve cups a day now. " 
"Twelve!" The exclamation was beyond recall. Claudia's hand stopped in their discharge. "Twelve!" 

"That's what I said." It took thirty times, but the doctor thought I was getting nervous and called me down. 

The nerve! "Miss French nose was going on." Nervous breakdown and senseless are twin sisters, and I have no opinion of either. How was the opera last night? " 

The question being addressed apparently to the cigarette Miss France pulled out of a silver box, lighted, and began to smoke, or Mrs. or Miss Keith Warrick said, each waiting for the other, but no matter, Miss French I was looking for a photograph in front of her. 

With irrelevant in the eyes, examined critically. 

"Rather a good image of his brother, Hope. 

I knew it would not do something as human as your picture taken. "She took it." Winthrop could hardly have prizes in a beauty contest, but it's certainly all there is something better. When you did this? " 

"A month ago, I guess." Ms. Warrick had a record of the basket at home and put it on the andirons. 

"The editors of the magazine to send him a picture when that article came out of 'Tax Revenue terrors and Traditions." Channing said that it was the best ever written on taxation year, and in banking circles - " 

"He has earned his pedestal." Miss France left the cigarette and handed the case with Claudia. 

"Smoke?" 

Claudia shook her head. "Because I do not -." 

"Too bad. You have a lot to learn yet. 

Most southerners have, but when updated to speed up all rights. I'll give you this for nothing - slide; not all at once. Have you seen this picture of Hope of the crank of a brother? No need to wait to meet him. He comes from a good population of Vermont, and granite is not stronger than their principles, but has no manners. I've known him for fifteen years and am qualified to speak. " 

"He has manners!" Ms. Warrick returned indignantly to Miss French. "Claudia just arrived here Thursday night, and Winthrop has been too busy -" 

"Busy on Winthrop're dippy, Hope is the most indifferent to other human beings walking this earth, and have more friends -. Friends of the men - than any man I know. 

Spoiled rotten, that's what happens with him. Has been prosecuted, I admit. 

What man means not detected is not? I have no patience with Winthrop. It is natural that girls should be brought forth, but that's not why we must live entirely to himself. " 

"Maybe" - Claudia took a letter from the table in front of her and hit her lips away - "perhaps you prefer to live that way. I wonder, Miss French, if you can tell me where is Kroonstater? Nobody seems know, and every day I commissions away from my country can only be filled there. 

Some years ago one of Brooke Bank bought Christmas stuff Kroonstater wonderful and amazing, and since then has been a store in New York for many of our people. I have to find it. " 

"Kroonstater is?" Miss France again put their impertinent. "I've never heard of him." 

Claudia laughed. "I see you also have something to learn. Do not know the joy of shopping if you know a store like that. I guess I'll have to find myself." 

"For God's sake do not, Claudia." Mrs. Warrick got up, someone on the phone wanted. "I had one of those shops in the center once, and the crowd was horrible. You never know what kind of disease can be contracted, and people are very pushy. All the stores have nice things for Christmas." 

"No doubt. "Claudia smiled." But the people of Banco Brooke has her own ideas. Their demands are many and their few dollars. And so, I love watching the crowd. Their currencies are as important as our pounds, and to see their spending is the best kind of a play. " 

"Where did you say next?" Miss France studied the girl in front of her with sudden interest. Something new under the sun was always the pursuit of their investigations and searches, and as if he had found possibly looked more closely at her friend's customers.
