However well constructed buildings have never shown any tendency to depart from the primitive simplicity so strongly imposed by its founder and, until now, the houses of Buddhist priests are modest and humble structures generally reared of mud and straw, with no claim of external beauty and no attempt at decoration. 
[Sidenote: BC 289.] 

To cater to the ascetics of the means of confinement and exercise, the first king began the construction of ambulance facilities, and gardens were set aside for community use of the great temple. The Mahawanso described, with all the pomp of Oriental diction, the ceremony observed by King Tissa on the occasion of setting apart a portion of land as a site for wihara for the first time in its capital, the monarch in person, attended bearers and guards with sticks of gold, having come to mark the boundaries with a plow pulled by elephants. [1] A second monastery was erected by him at the top of Mihintale [2]. Third was attached to the Thuparamaya dagoba, and others were founded to speed in all areas of the island [3] 

[Note 1: Mahawanso, chap. xv. p. 99.] 

[Note 2: Mahawanso, chap. xx. p. 123.] 

[Note 3: Five hundred were built by one king, the third in succession Devenipiatissa, BC 246 (Mahawanso, chapter XXI, p. 127.). 

Over the same period under Rohuna heads and Mahagam were equally zealous in their work devotees, having erected sixty-four wiharas in the east of the island, and another sixty-eight in the south .-- Mahawanso ch, . xxiv. p. 145, 148.] 

Was most likely due to the growth of these institutions, and the establishment of universities in relation to them, who took over in the final rooms, the reception of the statues, and so consecrated the apartments devoted to the ceremonies and worship Buddha. 

Therefore, in a very early period, the dwellings of the priests were identified with the Chaityas and sacred buildings, and the name of the Wihara came to designate indifferently both the temple and monastery. 

But the room containing the figures of Buddha, and is the "temple" proper, always separated from domestic buildings, and often are placed in a high place from where the view is breathtaking. 

The interior is painted in the style of the chambers of Egypt, and is full of figures and illustrations of the legends of Gautama, whose statue, with hand raised in warning attitude, or reclining in repose emblematic of the state of bliss of Nirwana, placed in the darkest recess of the building. Here lamps cast a dim light, and the air is heavy with the scent of flowers, daily renewed by new offerings from the faithful in the shrine. 

[Sidenote: BC 289.] 

In no other system of idolatry, ancient or modern rites have been administered by a multitude of priests and passion help in the ceremonial of Buddhism. Fa Hian, in the fourth century, was assured by the inhabitants of Ceylon at that time the priests numbered between fifty and sixty thousand, of whom two thousand were attached to a wihara in Anarajapoora, and three thousand to another. [1] 

[Note 1: HIAN FA, to [) Kou e] [) e ch] Ki. xxxviii. p. 336, 350. 

At present the number on the island, probably no more than 2500 (Eastern monasticism HARDY, p. 57, 309). But this is far below the ratio of the Buddhist priesthood in other countries, Siam almost every adult male becomes a priest for some part of his life; A similar practice prevails in Ava, and Burma is usually assume the yellow robe, the popular appeal to make the divorce to the parties to make a profession of the priesthood, the ceremonial of which is sufficient to dissolve the marriage vow , and after an interval of few months, which can get rid of the yellow robe and then free to marry again.] 

As the vote that devotes the priests of Buddha to the religion that binds them together to a life of poverty and begging, the extension of faith involves a large part of the Crown's duty to support the large crowds who retired industry to embrace the devotion and indigence. 

They provided food for real generosity, and therefore the historical books are particularly related to the priests "go to the king's house to eat," [1] when the king gave the example to his subjects to "serve rice soup, cakes, rice and clothes. "[2] Rice in all its varieties is the diet described in Mahawanso as ever to the priesthood by the munificence of kings." rice prepared with sugar and honey, rice clarified butter, and rice in its ordinary form "[3] In addition to enjoying a life of leisure, another powerful incentive conspired to increase the number of these devotees.
