Singhalese, as it is spoken at the present day, and, still more strikingly, as it exists as a written language in the literature of the island, unequivocal proof of an affinity with the group of language still in use in the Dekkan; Tamil, Telingiu, and Malayalim. But with these its identification is dependent on analogy rather than on structure, and all exiting evidence goes to show that the period at which a vernacular dialect could have  been common to the two countries must have been extermely remote.[1]
[Footnote 1: The Mahawanso (ch. xiv.) attests that at the period of Wijayo's conquest  of Ceylon, B.C. 543. the language of the natives wAs different from that spoken y himself and his copanions, whichm, as they came from Bengal, was in all probability Pail.
Several centuries afterwards, A.D. 339, the dialct of the two race was still different; and and some of the sacred writings were obligeted to be translated from Pail into the Sihala language .-- Mahawanso, ch. xxxvii. xxxviii. p. 247. At a still late period, A.D. 410; a learned priest from Magadha translated the Attah-Katha from Singhalese into Pali.-- Ib. p. 253. See also DE ALWIS, Sidath-Sangara, p. 19.]
Though not based directly on either Sanskrit of Pali, Singhalese at various times has been greatly enriched from both sources, and specially from the former; and it is corroborative of the inference that the admixture was comparatively recent; and chiefly due to association with point of time the promotion of amalgamation diminishes.
Singhalese seems to bear towards Sanskrit and Pali a relation similar to that which the English of the present dat bears to the combination of Latin, Anglo- Saxon, and Norman French, which serves to form the basis of the language. As in our own tongue the words application to object connected with rural life are Anglo-Saxon, whilst tnose indicative of domestic refinement belong to the Frenc, and those pertaining to religion and science are borrowed from Latin [1]; so,in the language of Ceylon, are terms applicable to the national religion are taken from Pali, those of science and art from Sanskrit, whilst to pure Singhalese belong whaever expressions were required to denote the ordinary wants of mankind before society had attained organisation. [2]
[Footnote 1: See TRENCE on the study of Words.]
[Footnote 2: See DE ALWIS, Sidath- Sangara, p. xlvii.]
[Sidenote: B.C. 543.]
Whatever momentary success may have attended the preaching of Buddha, no traces of his pious labours long survived him in Ceylon.
The mass of its inhabitants were still aliens to his religion, when, on the day of his decease, B.C. 543, Wijayo[1], the duscarded son of one of the petty soverigns in the valley of the Ganges [2] effected a landing with a handful of fllowers in the vicinity of the modem Putlam. [3] Here he married the daughter of one of the native chiefs, and having speedily made himself master of the island by her influence, he established his capital at Tamana Neuera[4], and founded a dynasy, which, for nearly eight centuries, retained, supreme authority in Ceylon.
[Footnote 1: Sometimes spelled Wejaya.
