Singhalese, as it is spoken at the at this moment day, and, still more strikingly as it exists as a written language in the literature of the island, presents incontestable proofs of an affinity with the group of languages still in use in the Dekkan; Tamil, Telingu, and Malayalim. But with these its identification is dependent on correlation rather than on structure, and all existing confirmation goes to show that the period at which a vernacular dialect could have been accepted to the two countries must have been extremely remote.[1] 

[Footnote 1: The Mahawanso (ch. xiv.) endorse that at the period of Wijayo's conquest of Ceylon, B.C. 543, the language of the natives was different from that spoken by himself and his alliance, which, as they came from Bengal, was in all expectation Pali. 
Several centuries afterwards, A.D. 339, the accent of the two races was still different; and some of the divine writings were obliged to be translated from Pali into the Sihala language.--Mahawanso, ch. xxxvii. xxxviii. p. 247. At a still later period, A.D. 410; a learned priest from Magadha translated the Attah-Katha from Singhalese into Pali.--Ib. p. 253. See also DE ALWIS, Sidath-Sangara, p. 19.] 

Though not based instantly on either Sanskrit or Pali, Singhalese at many times has been greatly become wealthy from both sources, and especially from the former; and it is corroborative of the interpretation that the admixture was comparatively recent; and chiefly due to combination with domiciliated strangers, that the further we go back in point of time the proportion of amalgamation diminishes, and the accent is found to be purer and less alloyed. 
Singhalese seems to bear towards Sanskrit and Pali a relation coincident to that which the English of the present day bears to the consolidation of Latin, Anglo-Saxon, and Norman French, which serves to form the basis of the language. As in our own tongue the words associable to objects bring together with rural life are Anglo-Saxon, whilst those indicative of domestic roughness belong to the French, and those belongs to religion and science are borrowed from Latin[1]; so, in the language of Ceylon, the terms applicable to the national religion are taken from Pali, the particular of science and art from Sanskrit, whilst to pure 

Singhalese belong whatever terms were required to denote the ordinary wants of mankind before society had autocatalytic organisation.[2] 

[Footnote 1: See TRENCH on the Study of Words.] 

[Footnote 2: See DE ALWIS, Sidath-Sangara, p. xlviii.] 

[Sidenote: B.C. 543.] 

Whatever momentary success may have attended the lecture of Buddha, no traces of his divine labours long survived him in Ceylon. 

The mass of its culture group were still aliens to his religion, when, on the day of his decease, B.C. 543, Wijayo[1], the discarded son of one of the petty sovereigns in the valley of the Ganges[2] effected a landing with a scattering of followers in the around of the modern Putlam.[3] Here he married the daughter of one of the native chiefs, and having instantaneously made himself skilled of the island by her influence, he established his capital at Tamana Neuera[4], and be confounded a dynasty, which, for nearly eight centuries, retained supreme authority in Ceylon. 

[Footnote 1: Sometimes spelled Wejaya.
