The language, Singhalese has undoubtedly striking similarity- whether it is in the spoken form or even more as a written language- with the languages in use in the Dekkan regions of the Indian peninsula viz: Tamil, Telingu and Malayalam. The similarity is identified more on the analogy rather than on the structure of the languages. This indicates that the existence of a common vernacular dialect, existed for the countries any time in the history is unlikely!

During Wijayo's conquering of Ceylon in B.C. 543, the natives spoke a different language than the one spoken by the conquerors, which must have been Pali as they came from Bengal those days as attested by the Mahawanso. It appears that the relationship between the two regions was probably introduced by the Buddhist monks who went there as they did many other parts of the world to spread the teachings of the Buddha.

But several centuries later in A.D. 339 it appears that the dialect of the two races was still different and consequently some of the sacred writings were to be translated from Pali to Sinhala language. At a still later period in A.D. 410 a learned priest from Magadha translated Attah-Katha from Singhalese into Pali.

The Singhalese language at various times has been greatly enriched by other languages, especially by Sanskrit and Pali with the former in greater measure. Nevertheless, it is presumed and established that the influence of these external sources were largely of recent developments.

There appears to be an analogy between the relationship of Singhalese with Sanskrit and Pali, and that of English of the present day with Latin, Anglo-Saxon and Norman French. Broadly speaking, the words applicable to the objects connected with rural life are Anglo-saxon, while those indicative of domestic refinement are French and those pertaining to science and religion are Latin. Similarly in the language of Ceylon, the usages of the language are generally derived from the way, that the terms related to the national religion are from Pali, those of science and art from Sanskrit while those catering to the day to day wants of the society are from Singhalese.

It is claimed that the preachings of the Buddha though had tremendous influence in the early period, no traces of the teachings long survived him in the island nation. Also, it is further claimed that the mass of the inhabitants were still aliens to his religion when the Buddha was on his death bed in B.C. 543. During the same period Wijayo, the estranged son of a petty chieftan in the vally of the Ganges, landed with a handful of followers in the outskirts of Putlam. Here he married the daughter of one of the native chiefs and with the help of the in-laws made himself the master of the island. He founded a dynasty with its capital at Tamana Neuera to reign supreme in Ceylon for nearly eight centuries to come.
