"So many people have raised the same way he had. Although they seemed to have a good time, he had once seen that most of it was make-believe, and that much of their energy been spent trying to find something to play with so they can forget what kind of trip they were.

He did not like this very special people. I do not know the others, however, and had with them because they had started together, but little by little, he had escaped them, and after a while he found that was mostly by himself. At first he did not care. Things to your friends support and said he did not have much interest in it, and then began to remember that much of what had happened was ugly and cruel and bitter and unfair. I could not understand why some should provide luxury travel while others could not agree, their burdens were so great, why some were in cars, and others, the sick and hungry and tired and cold could never leave lest they die on the road and why some sang and others wept.

"The groups and couples, and sometimes one at a time, passed it and went to look on their face, they are gone, but, like him, who do not know, they could only be kept on site.

And then one day he realized that he was back where his journey had begun. He was traveling to nowhere - the road wound round. "

"As travelers in the desert." Dorothy's eyes made efforts to open, but closes asleep again.

"Why not ask someone the way?"

"I do not think anyone knew.

It was a lot smarter than many people who have passed. For many people who seemed to need, was given money, he was very generous, very kind, and gave freely, but he always turned his head away when she is. Do not want to see the suffering and pain, and a kind of sin, he did not like, so he does not see. But after a while he was seeking.

"He was in the place where he had started, and to his surprise he saw that he had never seen before.

Outside the center, led all sorts of roads that stretches beyond sight, and all such persons were traveling, all kinds of people, and he knew he could not stop.

It should take one of these paths, but do not know.

Since he was unsure what to do, she felt someone touching her, looking down; saw the child and the strong hand of a child fell from her baby.

"I've been waiting for you," he said.

"I waited a long, long time."

"For me?" The man withdrew.

"You cannot have expected from me.

I do not know you, baby! "

"There was a sigh, as soft as the sound of the wings, and again the boy smiled.

"But I know you. There is much to do for you. "

"Once again the man stopped." There is nothing for me. I pay my taxes and give my tithe and the world alone.

"You cannot leave the world anole’s your world." The child looked up. "Come, you are waiting."

''Who is waiting? "

"Your people."

"I do not like people.

No one is waiting for me. "

"The boy shook his head.

"You do not know your people, and hope. We must hurry, time is short.

We will continue on this path at first and then, and then this and this and that.

In each, they wait.

"All night they traveled, up and down and in and out of narrow paths and hidden places, and saw them everywhere, people who had never known.

In the dark pits and mines, fires in the foundries and furnaces in the factories where the wheel turned day and night, and in the holds of ships at sea, the child led him to show people who were his own. In basements and attics, in prisons, in stores and warehouses, in hunger and cold, in the silence of the disease, the sound of sin, waiting his coming, and his face was the one who does the cover of him, and asked the child to take the breath that could come back.

But the boy took her hand even harder. "You have a long journey and do not know," he said. "You helped make it like it is, and now you must see.

"I helped make things as they are? I do not even have imagined these things can be!"

"And I know that's why I came they are your people  ... And you do not know."

"And if the child took on a different path, one that was smooth and sweet, and the air blowing on it was warm and fragrant in women have jewelry and lace and beautiful dresses. And the men threw gold far to see shining in the sunlight, throwing the others to see the throw.

"" Why here?”He asked.
