In this country, Elzeviers are not very fashionable. 

 When it came to Elzevier specialist the Cæsar might possibly bring five pounds, but only the Pastissier has retained its proclaimed price due to its notoriety. A cut down copy, in modern calf binding, sold recently (1917) at Sotheby's for so much as £130; but Lord Vernon's copy, choicely bound by Capé, realised only £70 at the Sudbury sale in June 1918. 

 Elzeviers were also exhausted by railway trains, among other things. Nothing could be more convenient for saddle-bag or knapsack, or the restricted luggage which one could stow in the boot of a coach. But who typically puts books into his suitcase? Even before the birth of railways, there there were different ways of transferring books. One might travel to different places just to visit a book shop. 

Bargain books are constantly available through travel.

There were thousands of copies printed of the little Pastissier, so it had to be favorable. Dumas, in that wonderful chapter of 'Mes Mémoires' which we have just quoted, makes Nodier say, 'Techener declares that there were five thousand five hundred copies issued, and I maintain that there were more than ten thousand printed'; and he goes on to declare that 'there are probably only ten examples of it left in Europe.' In Willems bibliography of the Elzeviers published in 1880, enumerates some thirty copies, and states that the most paid for a particularly exceptional copy of the Pastissier was 10,000 francs.

From 4,500 francs to 5,500 francs seems to have been the average value of the book in Willems' time, and, enthusiast as he is, he hesitates not to describe it as a 'bouquin insignifiant et médiocrement imprimé.' 

Although rare it isn't a shock that this book is not in the home of many libraries, but in the heart of the kitchen. How long would such a tiny volume, with its 130 thin paper leaves, bear the rough and greasy handling of chefs and 'pastissiers'? Book-shelves are rare in kitchens, and the little book must have been continually moved from pillar to post. Besides, it is unlikely that copies for kitchen use would be strongly bound in morocco. The bok is just not sufficent enough to produce.

Therefore the French pastrycook eventually disappeard, and although it is not around anymore it did benefit those whose heart it had touched.

For any collector this volume is perhaps more widely known
