Only now I myself have undertaken the management of the establishment. I am able to see what an immense work he has accomplished. 

 RITA (simply): Yes, he was an able business man. FRIEDRICH: In every respect! Ability personified, and he had grown to be fifty-two years of age and was still, still--how shall I say? RITA: Still able. FRIEDRICH: Well, yes; I mean a vigorous man in his best years. For fifteen years he had been a widower, he had worked, worked unceasingly, and then--the house was well established--he could think of placing some of the work upon younger shoulders. He could think of enjoying his life once more. RITA (softly): That is---- FRIEDRICH (continuing): And he thought he had found, in you, the one who would bring back to him youth and the joy of life. RITA (irritated): Yes, but then you ought to--(Breaks off.) Oh, it is not worth while. FRIEDRICH: How? I should have been man enough to say: No, I forbid it; that is a folly of age. I, your son, forbid it. I demand her for myself. The young fortune is meant for me--not for you?----No, Erna, I could not do that. I could not do that. RITA: No. FRIEDRICH: I, the young clerk, with no future before me! RITA: No! FRIEDRICH: My entire training and my conceptions urged me to consider it my duty to simply stand aside and stifle my affection, as I did--as I already told you even before any other person had an idea of the intentions of my father. I gradually grew away from you. RITA (amused): Gradually--yes, I recollect. You suddenly became formal. Indeed, very nice! FRIEDRICH: I thought---- (Bertha comes with the coffee and serves.) RITA: Will you take a cup with me? FRIEDRICH (thoughtlessly): I thought----(Correcting himself) pardon me! I thank you! RITA: I hope it will not disturb you if I drink my coffee while you continue. FRIEDRICH: Please (embarrassed). I thought it a proper thing. I hoped that my cold and distant attitude would check a possible existing affection for me. RITA: Possible existing affection! Fie! Now you are beginning to lie! (She jumps up and walks nervously through the room.) As though you had not positively known that! (Stepping in front of him) Or what did you take me for when I kissed you? FRIEDRICH (very much frightened, also rises): O, Erna, I always---- RITA (laughs): You are delightful! Delightful! Still the same bashful boy--who does not dare--(she laughs and sits down again.) Delightful. FRIEDRICH (after a silence, hesitatingly): Well, are you going to allow me to call you Erna again, as of yore? RITA: As of yore. (She sighs, then gaily) If you care to. FRIEDRICH (happy): Yes? May I? RITA (heartily): O, yes, Fritz. That's better, isn't it? It sounds more natural, eh? FRIEDRICH (presses her hand and sighs): Yes, really. You take a heavy load from me. Everything that I want to say to you can be done so much better in the familiar tone. RITA: Oh! Have you still so much to say to me? FRIEDRICH: Well--but now tell me first: how was it possible for you to undertake such a step. What prompted you to leave so suddenly? Erna, Erna, how could you do that? RITA (proudly): How I could? Can you ask me that? Do you really not know it? FRIEDRICH (softly): Oh, yes; I do know it, but--it takes so much to do that. RITA: Not more than was in me. FRIEDRICH: One thing I must confess to you, although it was really bad of me. But I knew no way out of it. I felt relieved after you had gone. RITA: Well, then, that was your heroism. FRIEDRICH: Do not misunderstand me. I knew my father had---- RITA: Yes, yes--but do not talk about it any more. FRIEDRICH: You are right. It was boyish of me. It did not last long, and then I mourned for you--not less than your parents. Oh, Erna! If you would see your parents now. They have aged terribly. Your father has lost his humor altogether, and is giving full vent to his old passion for red wine. Your mother is always ailing, hardly ever leaves the house, and both, even though they never lose a word about it, cannot reconcile themselves to the thought that their only child left them. RITA (after a pause, awakens from her meditation, harshly): Perhaps you were sent by my father? FRIEDRICH: No--why? RITA: Then I would show you the door. FRIEDRICH: Erna! RITA: A man, who ventured to pay his debts with me---- FRIEDRICH: How so; what do you mean? RITA: Oh--let's drop that. Times were bad. But to-day the house of Hattenbach enjoys its good old standing, as you say, and has overcome the crisis. Then your father must have had some consideration--without me. Well, then.----And Rudolstadt still stands--on the old spot. That's the main thing. But now let us talk about something else, I beg of you. FRIEDRICH: No, no, Erna.
