Only now I have carried out the management of the establishment. I am able to see what great work he has done. 
RITA (simply): Yes, he was a capable businessman. FRIEDRICH: In every way! Capacity personified, and he had become in fifty-two years old and still, still - how can I say? RITA: Still power. FRIEDRICH: Well, yes, I mean a vigorous man in his prime. For fifteen years he had been a widower, who had worked, worked tirelessly, and then - the house was fine - he came to some of the work to younger shoulders. He could think of to enjoy life again. RITA (quietly): It ---- FRIEDRICH (continued): And he thought he had found in you, which would bring him back to youth and the joy of living. RITA (irritated): Yes, but then you must - (interrumpe.) Oh, is not worth it. FRIEDRICH: How? Should have been man enough to say: No, I forbid it, is crazy old. I, your son, forbid it. I demand of myself. The fortune of young people is for me - not for you ?---- No, Erna, I could not do that. I could not do that. RITA: No. FRIEDRICH: I, the young clerk with no future before me! RITA: No! FRIEDRICH: My training and my whole conception urged me it is my duty to stand only on one side and silence my love, as I did - as I said even before anyone else had an idea of the intentions of my father . Gradually grew away from you. RITA (fun): Little by little - yes, I remember. Suddenly it became official. In fact, very good! FRIEDRICH: I ---- (Bertha comes to coffee and serve.) RITA: Do you go for a drink with me? FRIEDRICH (without thinking): I ---- (Correcting himself) to forgive me! Thank you! RITA: I hope you do not mind if I drink my coffee while it continues. FRIEDRICH: Please, (shame). I found a right thing. I was hoping that my cold and detached attitude that a check of existing affection possible for me. RITA: Possible existing affection! Ugh! Now they are starting to lie! (She gets up and walks nervously around the room.) As if I had known that positively! (Step by step in front of it) Or do you take me when you kissed? FRIEDRICH (very afraid, also raised): Oh, Erna, RITA ---- always (laughs): You are delicious! Delicious! Still the same shy boy - who dares not - (laughs and sits down again.) Delicious. FRIEDRICH (after a pause, hesitating): Well, are you going to let you call Erna again as before? RITA: As of yesteryear. (She sighs, then cheerfully) If you care a. FRIEDRICH (happy): Yeah? "I can? RITA (heart): Oh, yes, Fritz. That's better, right? It sounds more natural, eh? FRIEDRICH (presses his hand and sighs): Yes, really. It takes a heavy load of me. All I want to say you can do much better in the familiar tone. RITA: Oh! Do you still have much to say to me? FRIEDRICH: Well - but now they tell me first: How is it possible for you to carry out this step. What prompted you to leave so suddenly? Erna, Erna, how could you do that? RITA (proudly): How could I? Can you ask me that? Do you really not know? FRIEDRICH (quietly): Oh, yes, I know, but - it takes a lot to do that. RITA: No more than me. FRIEDRICH: One thing I have to confess that although I was very wrong of me. But I did not know how to get out of it. I felt relieved after he was gone. RITA: Well, then, that was their heroism. FRIEDRICH: Do not get me wrong. I knew that my father had ---- RITA: Yes, yes - but do not talk more about it. FRIEDRICH: You're right. It was juvenile of me. Did not last long, and then cried for you - no less than their parents. Oh, Erna! If you want to see your parents now. It has aged terribly. Her father has completely lost its humor, and giving vent to his old passion for red wine. His mother always sick, almost never leaves the house, and both, despite never missing a word about it, can not be reconciled with the idea that his only son left them. RITA (after a pause, he wakes up from his meditation, hardness): Perhaps they were sent by my father? FRIEDRICH: No - why? RITA: Then I will show you the door. FRIEDRICH: Erna! RITA: "A man who dared to pay his debts with me ---- FRIEDRICH: How is it, what do you mean? RITA: Oh - never mind that. The times were bad. But today Hattenbach house enjoys good position, as you say, and has overcome the crisis. Then your father must have had some consideration - without me. Well, then .---- And Rudolstadt still stands - in the act of age. That's the main thing. But let's talk about something else, I beg you. FRIEDRICH: No, no, Erna.
