I am sorry to have said that. 

 RITA (after a pause, hostile): You wish to be taken seriously? (She sits down, with a gesture of the hand) Please, what have you to say to me? FRIEDRICH: Much. Oh, very much. (He also sits down.) But--you are not well to-day? RITA: Not well? What makes you say so? FRIEDRICH: Yes, the maid told me so. RITA: The maid--she is a useful person. That makes me think. You certainly expect to stay here some time, do you not? FRIEDRICH: With your permission. I have much to tell you. RITA: I thought so. (Calling loudly) Bertha! Bertha! Do you suppose one could get an electric bell repaired here? Impossible. BERTHA (enters): My lady? RITA: Bertha, when the Count comes--now I am really sick. BERTHA (nods): Very well. (She leaves.) RITA (calls after her): And where is the coffee? I shall famish. BERTHA (outside): Immediately. FRIEDRICH: The--the Count--did you say? RITA: Yes, quite a fine fellow otherwise, but--would not fit in now. I wanted to say: I am passionately fond of electric bells. You know they have a fabulous charm for me. One only needs to touch them softly, ever so softly, with the small finger, and still cause a terrible noise. Fine--is it not? You wanted to talk about serious matters. It seems so to me. FRIEDRICH: Yes. And I beg of you, Miss Erna---- RITA: Erna? FRIEDRICH: Erna! RITA: Oh, well! FRIEDRICH (continuing): I beg of you; be really and truly serious. Yes? Listen to what I have to say to you. Be assured that it comes from an honest, warm heart. During the years in which I have not seen you, I have grown to be a serious man--perhaps, too serious for my age--but my feelings for you have remained young, quite young. Do you hear me, Erna? RITA (leaning back in the rocking chair, with a sigh): I hear. FRIEDRICH: And you know, Erna, how I have always loved you from my earliest youth, yes, even sooner than I myself suspected. You know that, yes? (Rita is silent and does not look at him.) FRIEDRICH: When I was still a foolish schoolboy I already called you my betrothed, and I could not but think otherwise than that I would some day call you my wife. You certainly know that, don't you? RITA (reserved): Yes, I know it.
