I'm sorry I said that.

Rita (after a second, hostile): You want me to take you seriously? (She sits and gestures her hand) Please, what do you want to say? Friedrich:  A lot. (He sits too) But, are you sick today? Rita:  Sick?  Why do you say that?  Friedrich:  That's what the maid said.  Rita:  The maid is useful.  Which makes me think.  You want to stay a while, don't you?  Friedrich:  If that's okay with you.  I have a lot to talk to you about.  Rita:  That's what I thought.  (Yelling)  Bertha! Bertha!  Do you think I could get an electric bell repaired?  Impossible.  Bertha(enters):  My lady? Rita:  When the count comes, I really am sick now.  Bertha(nods):  Okay. (Exit)  Rita(calls after her):  And where's the coffee?  I'm parched.  Bertha:(outside)I'll get it immediately.  Friedrich:  Did you say the Count? Rita:  Yes.  He's quite a nice man, but he would not fit in now.  I wanted to tell you:  I'm extremely fond of electric bells.  They're amazing.  You only have to give them a light touch, just with one finger and they still cause such a loud noise.  Wonderful, isn't it? But you wanted to talk seriously, or so it seems.  Friedrich:  Yes.  I ask you, Miss Erna--Rita:  Erna?  Friedrich: Yes! Rita:  Oh, well!  Friedrch(continues): I'm asking you to be completely serious and listen to me.  Rest assured that I am saying this from the bottom of my heart.  I have grown into a serious man in these years that we have been apart--maybe too serious for a man of so few years--but the feelings I have for you have never changed.  Do you hear me, Erna? Rita(leaning back in the rocking chair, sighing) Friedrich:  I have always loved you Erna, you know that?  Even when I was very young, before I even knew it myself.  Did you know that? (Rita does not answer and does not look at him)  Friedrich:  When I was young, still in school and still foolish, I already referred to you as my fiance and I believed that I would make you my wife one day.  You believe me, don't you?  Rita(reserved):  Yes, I believe you.
