Several and various were the editions that printed from the early presses. Caxton issued it around 1489, but of this thick quarto impression one imperfect print only has survived. A second edition, as we know from the colophon of the third edition, was 'imprinted at London by Wynken de Worde, the viii daye of Maye, and the year of our lorde M.CCCCC. iiii'; but a single leaf, foundin the pages of an ancient book, is the only representative of an edition that is believed to have run several hundreds.

In the case of few at least of these early books there is one more reason for their vanishing and . Stephen Vaughan, the indefatigable agent of Mr. Secretary Cromwell, writing to his master from Antwerp, quotes that he is 'muche desirous t'atteyne the knowlage of the Frenche tonge,' but that he is not able to obtain a print of the only primer which he knows to survive. This volume, known as'L'Esclarcissement de la Langue Francoyse,' was 'compose par Maistre Jehan Palsgraue, Angloys, natyf de Londres et gradue de Paris,' and was published by Pynson, though it was completed and printed by Hawkins in 1530.

Palsgrave, the author, seems to have been determined that his book should not go into the hands of other teachers of French (he was 'scolemaster' to the Princess Mary, sister of Henry VIII., in 1513, at a stipend of £6 13s. 4d.); and although Vaughan writes that he 'made not a letle labour to Mr. Palsgrave to have one of his books,' yet 'in no wise he wolde graunt for no price.' So Vaughan entreats Thomas Cromwell to get a copy for him, 'not doubtyng but though he unkyndly denyd me one, he will not denye youe one.'

Clearly Palsgrave had got into some kind of adjustment with the printer, for Vaughan writes that he 'hathe willed Pynson to sell none of them to any other person than to suche as he shall comaunde to have them, lest his proffit by teching the Frenche tonge myght be mynished by the sale of the same to suche persons as, besids hym, wern disposed to studye the sayd tongue.'

From this premise it is easy to know why 'L'Esclarcissement' is such a rare book.

Very less copies indeed are known to survive. Yet one cannot help thinking what happened to the copies that had not been disposed of at the author's death. Probably a very little number was published, and may be'Johan Haukyns,' true to his pact, destroyed those on hand.
