Oh, I always forget the old ways. 
FRIEDRICH: Oh, please, please, dear Erna, not in that tone of voice! RITA: What pitch? 

FRIEDRICH: Erna! Do not make things so difficult for me. 

See, after discovering, finally, through an agency in Berlin, and after hunting for a long time, which were the famous Revere, I was shocked at first, terribly sad, and for a moment, I thought give up everything. 

My worst fears were over. I was sure you lived in the well, and as I see now in comfortable circumstances. But instead, had to be prepared that could have grown away the world we live - could hardly understand each other. 

RITA: Hm! I tell you what was his ideal - as he would have liked to be there again? 

As a poor seamstress in an attic room, which for four years, had lived in hunger and need - but respectable, which is the main point. Then type would spread his arms, and the poor, pale dove would have been grateful embrace. 

Are you going to deny I ever imagined as well, and even wanted to him? FRIEDRICH (She looks calmly): Well, is there anything wrong with that? 

RITA: But how did it happen that, regardless of this, this disappointment, which, however, kept looking for me? 

FRIEDRICH: Thank God, at the appropriate time I recalled the clear, silver laughter, a child. Just within my small scruples that echoed in my ears, as in the time ridiculed my gravity. 

I still remember that moment, Erna? (Rita is silent.) Bertha (comes with a huge bouquet of dark red roses): My wife - for the account. RITA (jumps nervously excited): Roses! My dark pink! Give me! Ah! (She keeps Federico and asks) Did he say anything? Bertha: No, he said nothing, but ---- FRIEDRICH (hits the field, she has close to his face, aside): I thank you. 

RITA (without realizing it, to Bertha): Well? BERTHA (pointing to the field): The Earl has written something on a card. RITA: Your card? 

Where? (She looks among the flowers) Oh, here! (Lee, then gently Bertha) Okay. (Bertha is gone.) RITA (read again): "Pour prendre Congo." 

(With a sigh easy) Yeah, yeah. 

FRIEDRICH: What is the problem? RITA: Sad! His education was only half finished and it leaves me. FRIEDRICH: What do you mean? I do not understand you at all. RITA (her mind is occupied): It's a shame. Now that will grow completely stupid. FRIEDRICH (stands important): Erna, he said. What relationship exists between you and the Count? RITA (laughs): What business is that of yours? FRIEDRICH (solemn): Erna! Whatever it might have been, this will do more.
