Not the color, which is mostly gray-black and brown, while the bird was seen by his partner "dark blue light." 
Nor is the description of the Dartford warbler, "the light for a moment at the very point of the twigs" of gorse (cf. 

Yarrell ut sup.) Coincide with the account of the bird seen by C. Brown, who "never saw a single session or light on a branch of myrtle, but always flying from the base of one plant to another." In conclusion, I venture to ask if the memory of your party can not have been dangerous respecting the color of a bird not seen for twenty-five years, if ever seen in Chobham Dartford warbler and the common property adjacent? 

SALMON World Refugee Day. 

* * * * * 

TIN. 

(Viii Vol., P. 290. 344..) 

The first mention I remember of the place of the can where it came from, is in Herodotus (lib. iii. C. 115.). 

He does not say 

"But as to the uttermost parts of Europe to the west, I can not speak no doubt. Because I do not think a certain river Eridanus is called by the barbarians, which results in a northern sea, and not is a report that typically amber to come, nor have I known (any) islands, Cassiterides ([Greek: EOUs kassiteridas]), of which tin comes at us. 

Because on the one hand, the very name of Eridanus shows that it is Greek and not barbarian, but formed by a poet, and on the other, I am not able, despite paying much attention to this matter, to hear from anyone who has been an eye witness that there is a sea on this side of Europe. But certainly, both the tin and amber usually come from the extreme of Europe. " 

[Greek: Kassiteros] as Damm, is so called because it's ready to crash than other metals, ie [Greek: kausiteros] of [Greek: Kaio], to burn; This derivation agrees with that given by MR. CROSSLEY tin "tin Celtic to melt quickly, and get some support from Hesiod (DG 861.), Where he talks about the earth burning and melting as tin or iron, which is the hardest metals. 

But I have no doubt that this derivation. First, {594}, because it is very clear in my mind that Herodotus had no idea there was a Greek derivation. Is assigned the Greek origin of the word Eridanus as a reason not to believe the claim that it, and if I had known that Cassiteras had a similar origin, no doubt, would have allocated the same reason as himself. 

Rather than be referred to the fact that I could not get any authentic account of the maritime areas of that side of Europe, as evidence that the Cassiterides not exist. Indeed, his statement about the Greek origin, together with the reason for the addition, it seems almost, if not completely, equivalent to a denial that the other had a Greek origin. 

Secondly, has the highest degree unlikely that these islands should have received its name from the Greek, since it is contrary to all experience that a country should be appointed by persons ignorant of their existence. The place names are either given to them by those who discover them, or the names of those who are called by their inhabitants are adopted by others. 

At the time Caesar invaded the island, there was a town he calls Cassi (Cæs. BG, lib. V. 21.), Of which Prince Camden says, "from the Cassii their prince, or Cassivellaunus Cassibelinus first took his name, "adding that" it seems very likely that Cassivellaunus denotes both as Prince of Cassii. " 

(British Camd.., P. 278. Edit. 1695. ) In accordance with which the word is composed of Cassi and vellaunus or belinus, and this derivation is strengthened by the word Cunobelinus, evidently similar way. 

Now there is a Celtic word tir, or b (which is derived from terra), and TIR Welsh word (pronounced Teer I've heard), all land it denotes. If, then, this word is added to Cassi, we Cassita, ie the land of the Cassi, Cassiland.

And as we have England, Scotland and Ireland, possibly the ancient people may have called his country Cassita, and as chalybs, steel, was named by both the Greeks and Romans of people who did it, so it could be the country can be found. My derivation is conjectural, of course, and as such I submit with great deference to honest examination of its readers.
