Not so the colour, which is chiefly greyish-black and brown; whereas the bird seen by your correspondent was "dusky light blue." 

 Nor again does the description of the Dartford Warbler, "lighting for a moment on the very point of the sprigs" of furze (vid. 

 Yarrell ut sup.), coincide with the account of the bird seen by C. BROWN, who "never saw one sitting or light on a branch of the myrtle, but invariably flying from the base of one plant to that of another." In conclusion I would venture to ask whether your correspondent's memory may not have been treacherous respecting the colour of a bird which he has not seen for twenty-five years, and whether he has ever seen the Dartford Warbler on Chobham or the adjacent commons? 

 W. R. D. SALMON. 

 * * * * * 

 TIN. 

 (Vol. viii., pp. 290. 344.). 

 The first mention I remember of the place from whence tin came, is in Herodotus (lib. iii. c. 115.). 

 He there says: 

 "But concerning the extreme parts of Europe towards the west, I am not able to speak certainly. For I neither believe that a certain river is called Eridanus by the barbarians, which flows into a northern sea, and from which there is a report that the amber is wont to come, nor have I known (any) islands, being Cassiterides ([Greek: kassiteridas eousas]), from which the tin is wont to come to us. 

 For, on the one hand, the very name Eridanus proves that it is Hellenic and not Barbaric, but formed by some poet; and on the other, I am not able, though paying much attention to this matter, to hear of any one that has been an eye-witness that a sea exists upon that side of Europe. But doubtless both the tin and the amber are wont to come from the extreme part of Europe." 

 [Greek: Kassiteros], according to Damm, is so called because it is more ready to melt than other metals, i. e. [Greek: kausiteros], from [Greek: kaiô], to burn; this derivation agrees with that given by MR. CROSSLEY of tin, "from the Celtic tin, to melt readily;" and it receives some support from Hesiod (D. G. 861.), where he speaks of the earth burning and melting as tin or as iron, which is the hardest of metals. 

 But I own I doubt this derivation. First, {594} because it is quite clear to my mind that Herodotus had no idea that it had a Greek derivation. He assigns the Greek origin of the word Eridanus as a reason for disbelieving the statement as to it; and had he known that Cassiteros had a like origin, it cannot be doubted that he would have assigned the same reason as to it likewise. 

 Instead of which he resorts to the fact that he could not obtain any authentic account of any sea on that side of Europe, as a proof that the Cassiterides did not exist. In truth, his assertion as to the Greek origin of the one, coupled with the reason that is added, seems almost, if not quite, equivalent to a denial that the other had a Greek origin. 

 Secondly, it is in the highest degree improbable that these islands should have received their name from the Greeks, as it is contrary to all experience that a country should be named by persons ignorant of its existence. The names of places are either given to them by those who discover them, or the names by which they are called by their inhabitants are adopted by others. 

 At the time Cæsar invaded this island, there was a people whom he calls Cassi (Cæs. de B. G., lib. v. 21.), of whose prince Camden says, "from the Cassii their prince, Cassivellaunus or Cassibelinus, first took his name;" and he adds that "it seems very probable that Cassivellaunus denotes as much as the Prince of the Cassii." 

 (Camd. Brit., p. 278., edit. 1695.) According to which the word would be compounded of Cassi and vellaunus or belinus; and this derivation is fortified by the word Cunobelinus, which plainly is formed in a similar manner. 

 Now there is a Celtic word, tir or ter (from which terra is derived), and the Welsh word tir (which I have heard pronounced teer), all denoting land. If then this word be added to Cassi, we have Cassiter, that is, the land of the Cassi, Cassiland. 

 And as we have England, Scotland, and Ireland, possibly the ancient inhabitants may have called their country Cassiter; and as chalybs, steel, was so called both by the Greeks and Romans from the people that made it, so might tin be from the country where it was found. My derivation is conjectural, no doubt, and as such I submit it with great deference to the candid consideration of your readers.
