* * * * *

CHINESE NOVELS.

The Chinese have the opinion that the pinnacle of human happiness is the uniting of three individuals who are brought together by a similarity of tastes and personalities, this happy arrangement is considered heaven sent as a reward for their great merits. With this viewpoint in mind Chinese novel writers regularly plot the story so as to achieve this happy situation for their heroes by the end of the tale. A calamity like this is considered the most fitting conclusion possible.

This arrangement could be considered extremely advantageous, though we wouldn't go as far as risking our lives as the German divines did when they suggested a mob in Stockholm that polygamy was defendable.

This method of ending the story allows the writer to avoid the common endings of suicide or death by romantic disease, as we might when nearing the tales end with two heroines to chose from and allows him to satisfy all his characters. Would we not be in tears to learn that the imaginative Clementina had perished while will-some Corinna had survived. Characters such as Oswald or Grandison himself could have been spared their pains. Several centuries before the Europeans the Chinese had invented the historical and domestic novel. This type of story showed the progress their society was making away from the earlier products of supernatural tales, great epics or fables. Now readers are moved to consider the conflicts of passions and interests, the differing of opinions and everyday domestic life.

 * * * * *

HERO OF A CHINESE NOVEL.

A young man around fifteen or sixteen years old emerged wearing a light cape and a violet coloured robe.

His bright red lips, gleaming white teeth and high curving eyebrows gave him the appearance of a beautiful girl.

It would be possible to conjecture that he was a spirit rather than a mortal since his movements were so light and graceful.

He was like a wood nymph created from flowers or a being that had arrived from heavenly realms. Is it even a youth man who has emerged or just a heavenly fragrance wafting from the apartment? --Ibid

 * * * * *

BEES.

Before putting a swarm of bees in a hive there has long been a custom that first the hive must be rubbed inside with sweet herbs or grasses along with some clover and salt.

It is not clear why since the bees will be forced to clean the hive of all this unwelcome debris before they can settle and begin work. Bees are happiest in a clean hive that has no strange odours, they will also labour to make a hive air tight blocking every chink of light that shines through gaps, you can save them a lot of work by making the hive well joined together.

Another practice that we think should be stamped out is the making of a clamour with metal kettles and pans when bees swarm. It is not known if it started as a superstition or a call for aid. Although it doesn't seem to upset the bees it tends to make it harder to deal with the real work of managing the bees.--American Farmer's Manual.

* * * * *

CONVENT GARDEN MARKET.
