We behave with the belief that only through reading books can a child's mind be nourished, while in reality the wisdom and experience necessary for the youngster throughout the formative process can be better gained by interacting with the outdoor sphere and through direct instruction and interaction with the instructor. If everybody knew this and worked on this assumption, they would in two precise manners, save this invaluable instrument, by looking at things farther away to stop the eye from getting stressed and also permitting the other sensory organs to divide responsibility with the ocular in collecting data and gathering experience.

Don't take this the wrong way, I'm not trying to put down reading or saying anything about how they're used today. They are repertories of wisdom and fonts to inspire, but for everyone but the very young. Kids, both in the classroom and out of it are chained way too hard to the book. By looking for long periods of time at very small close things, the eye is forced to suffer a great deal of strain and might cause eye problems later in life when one might be necessarily made to read more.

Also, too much reading could cause a weakness to form in all the other organs and this is a grave matter.

This isn't all of it. The experts in these matters have taken these things into account with exacting precision through the various stages of its progression that they know just how big the letters should be for children of each age. They now as well the sort of stock that needs to be used in these very books, and they've certainly expressed this to all of us. But we choose to ignore this information, in the collection of which so many pains were taken, and refuse to use big clean letters and matte velvety shaded paper as is suggested and instead buy cheaper stuff for that sole reason. This is no good and we are essentially handicapping our children and causing them great anguish both today once and tomorrow thricefold.

Once more, we're told by thinkers just how large the classroom should be or with how big of windows it needs to be equipped with so it's not too dark. But really, only 10% have large enough apertures as they need to, and a lot of it is covered up by curtains for the teacher's frankly wrong notion of light and darkness based solely on the theatrical effect that a dark teaching room provides. This is simply unsafe. The logicians and thinkers have also said that in the classroom there need to be no lights shone across, that the blackboard needs to remain sufficiently dark and free of reflections, as do the children's visages. The best places to mount such a light is the back and leftward sections of the classroom. More than that, the classes need to painted a certain shade, these experts say, but we're fine perfectly ignoring such a valuable thing. When building new schools it is of utmost importance that care be taken in the matter of lighting, but the designer chooses to pay no mind or bypass it for mere architectural trifles.

Of course, not all schools are as bad, that there are no schools built well or books printed large, and no teachers capable of controlling a classroom in a civil, sensitive, and smart manner. A lot of changes have taken place in the last twenty years along these lines.

But these are not the rule and there is still a lot to be done in these matters.

Changing perspective for a moment, we shall ask what are the consequences when this sort of neglect happens consistently over a long period of time, forcing the eye to undergo a lot of undue stress. Exactly what you'd expect, really. When starting school, very few children have any eye problems from the onset of school, but the number increases greatly as one progresses through the levels of study. What this says is that the way the system works is causing serious damage to the eyes of the young. Ayers and Gulick realized this in a study in 1908 which was published as the popular 'Medical Inspection of Schools'. What's more surprising is that the other diseases and defects suffered a steady decline over time.
