Tho act as we think it is only through the printed page that psychic power can reach the inner life of the child, as a matter of fact, both the knowledge and power that are appropriate for the child in its early years are best obtained through direct contact with the great world outside himself and by direct communication from the lips of the teacher. If fully appreciated this fact and act accordingly, we, two well defined forms, the preservation of this important organ because you have to use the eyes to objects at a greater distance thus avoiding unnecessary stress, and allow others sense organs to share with an eye on the work of information collection and appropriation of mental food.

Please do not misunderstand me. I am not underestimating the place and value of books, nor condemning it. They are the storehouse of knowledge and inspiration, but not for children. Our children in school and outside school read a lot - too tied to the book. Through this prolonged and close the eye to small objects and close to that in its undeveloped condition, which is not installed, the body is permanently weakened and was unable to use legitimate and later in life when the book is a necessity.

And again, this overuse of the eyes causes atrophy of other organs is really serious.

That's not all. Optics and the eye have studied the matter with much care and meet the eye to thoroly at various stages of development that they know exactly the size of the type that children of various ages to use. And know, too, the paper type to be used in children's books. And they have told us all about it. But that systematically excluded this information carefully so obtained, and instead use the type of large gaps and unglazed paper, soft color recommended that persist in tolerating the unsatisfactory merely because it is a little cheaper. Penny wise and pound foolish no doubt they are. What you save now will have to pay later with compound interest, and forcing our children to suffer physical pain and mental deficiency.

And again. We are told by our fellow scientists on the relative amounts of the window and classroom space must have to be adequately lighted! Not one in ten is so much window space as it should have and a good part of what has been provided often covered by the shadows through the teacher's perverse notion of relative values - which seems to be greater appreciation for some of the so-called artistic effects for eye comfort and safety at work. And then again, these scientific friends have told us that we should be in the classroom without lights cross the light does not shine on the boards or in the faces of children, but should come only from the back and left and from above. They have discovered, too, and we said, the nuances of appropriate color for the walls - the scientific knowledge, all, and therefore reliable thoroly. But, how do we systematically ignore all this valuable information! In the construction of a new school building there is nothing to receive a more thorough and scientific consideration of the issue of lighting, but too often the architect is entirely ignorant of the whole thing, or is not selfish, interested in the effects call architecture.

I do not mean to ignore all these things, we do not have good school houses built, no textbooks printed correctly, and no intelligent and sensitive teachers in handling children. Not at all. During the last twenty years we have advanced well in advance over many of these lines in many places.

However, bright spots remain the exception rather than the rule. Friends of Children and race need to keep vigilant on the job.

Now let's look at the issue from another point of view. We will ask what are the results of this persistent and widespread lack of normal conditions in which the eye must work and the fundamental laws of eye development. What we found Why, just what we are willing to wait after considering the above contempt. We found that, while in the beginning of school life the percentage of school-age children suffer from visual defects is relatively small, this percentage increases as we ascend the grades. In other words, regular and systematic work of our schools is all the time weakening of the eyes - all the time causing severe visual defects. Gulick and Ayers came to this conclusion as one of the results of his exhaustive research, conducted in 1908, culminating in the famous play of "Medical Inspection of Schools", published at the time. This is all the more surprising since found that the prevalence of other physical defects gradually diminishes as the years pass.
Rewrite
