These days have no warmth and move without sunlight.  Either the stars provide light, or the dim sunset blisters.  Occasionally this boggy and dingy panorama of swamps makes me reminiscent of times I've heard the wildlife call.  I am temporarily lost in the excitement of a memory as I gaze at the grass-laden path.

While it may not be a deep thought, it tugs at my heartstrings regardless.  This is my home.  This land may seem ordinary or less, but this is the place on earth where I am rooted.  The scents of the wind and the ground and the feeling of never being alone even in solitude.

I hear a woman cry "Leave this heart of mine behind and give me liberty!" For this woman longed to unshackle her soul and experience the liberation of solitude.  In such a situation one only needs the perseverance to continue and the presence of mind to remember. She must imagine that she is leaving her heart open to the Clairvoyance of a Godly imagination.  For that imagination is everything to her, lowly and high.  She was indeed quite brave and achieved great deeds - indeed she was also quite apt to remember.  She didn't even forget to mind her pitiful and disgraceful brother.  She found this strength from inside herself, where her Godlike creativity propelled her forward.

In this woman and this land I unshackle my chains and finally feel completely free.

Even this sense of creativity, this powerful tool which allows one to endure, is a burden to her.  She cannot carry it fully and still believe herself worthy.

The world is hopeless without imagination, but is the world equally as powerful a motivator if conceptualized as a true force?  The woman remains steadfastly alert against her own creativity as she does against her fellow men, whose deception she is not prepared to tolerate without a struggle.  Reason trumps imagination in the end, she only wants to view the world through a clear lens, and thus understand reality.

Indeed, she believed this was the best way to relate to her surroundings.

The world is not entitled to the riches of those who were not so blessed in the afterlife.

As the modern Calvinist understands damnation, so she understood that she was chained to misery.  This melancholy would prevail throughout her dismal life in this swamp.

Given this, she was an unbridled skeptic of all chances of happiness, viewing them as "too good to be true" unless they almost literally knocked down her door.  Horroscopes, needless to say were irrelevant to her, nor good dreams, nor the firy sunsets of this land.  Reason led her to believe that her destiny was death.  She lived in misery - prematurely inhabiting her coffin.

"My inner spirit is brave" she would rightly say, but given her addiction to reason she could not fully embrace this hopeful saying.  She was addicted to misery, despite the reassurance of inner strength.  "I am alive now and thus will not pass away" she tried to convince herself despite only feeling a deep anguish and sting.  Her poems may sound like cheerful motivational self-talks, but are indeed jaded to the core.

She wrote nothing more than a series of cries for help, whether in poetic form or in longhand (as in Wuthering Heights).  Every poem somewhere reflects the occasional anguish that could not pass without being put to words.  Her life was one of deep inner misery, and is reflected in her work.
