Before thinking further whether to decline 
I accepted being it the presidents subject 
which I had to acknowledge inview of the 
matter being too big.I was asking myself 
"what I had in the world" and what I 
can claim in this August presence,proudly
that "I had done".
I was like the Farmer who fell down 
from height while breaking a yoke 
of steers that he held with a rope by both 
his hands.while letting down a pair of bars,
the rope fetched turn around one of his 
legs.This has frightened the steers and the unfortunate farmer was tripped up and snaked
off feet and fell on the rough ground, after 
an erratic excursion approximately one mile 
or as long as the rope lasted in a very 
lamentable condition.
The neighbours ran to him and gathered and
laid him together and one of them asked him
to hear the circumstance in which he hitch a 
rope around his leg and the whole incident.
There was a hearty laugher from all who heard
the farmer's reply.

But here I am with the President's Rugby ball
in my hand and being it a frightful duty,
I realized that I have to do something quickly.
and I realised that being it a festive hour,
nobody will be bothered to edify the work for me..
I promise accordingly to use my conscience and effort to-night to leave this worshipful 
company no better than I found it.
Laughing gentlemen, well intending as one may 
be that effect,As he may approach the theme of 
the Forefathers, the minute he sets 
foot within its threshold he stops his fooling 
and gets his hat off at once.
Those unconscious, pathetic heroes, pulling 
their shallop ashore on the Cape yonder in 1620 
what reverence can exceed their merit! How 
richly and how speedily fruitful that seed was,
It did not wait for any large unfolding of 
events on these shores to prove the might of 
its quickening. 
"Westward the star of empire takes its way."
A strong hand of help across the sea to 
reinforce the cause of that Commonwealth,
the rise of which marks the epoch of England's 
new birth in liberty.
The pen of New England was indeed the
Commonwealth's true nursing mother.It was fertilised by freedom.
Cromwell, Hampden, Sidney, Milton, Owen, were disciples of teachers mostly from Atlantic. Professor Masson, of Edinburgh University, in 
his admirable "Life of Milton," enumerates seventeen New England men whom he describes as "potent" in England in that period.
Yes,the first pulse of vital power from the new State moved eastward.
