For that matter it was too big, as I had to acknowledge. That, however, sir, was your affair; and so, without stopping much to think, and before I could muster the cowardice to decline, I accepted it. 

 [Laughter.] But as soon as I began to reflect, especially when I came to ask myself what in the world I had or could have to say in this august presence, I was scared to think of what I had done. I was like the man who while breaking a yoke of steers that he held by a rope, having occasion to use both his hands in letting down a pair of bars, fetched the rope a turn around one of his legs. That instant something frightened the steers, and that unfortunate farmer was tripped up and snaked off feet first on a wild, erratic excursion, a mile or so, over rough ground, as long as the rope lasted, and left in a very lamentable condition, indeed. His neighbors ran to him and gathered him up and laid him together, and waited around for him to come to; which, when he did, one of them inquired of him how he came to do such a thing as hitch a rope around his leg under such circumstances. 

 "Well," said he, "we hadn't gone five rods 'fore I see my mistake." 

 [Hearty laughter.] 

 But here I am, and the President has passed the tremendous subject of Forefathers' Day, like a Rugby ball, into my hands--after making elegant play with it himself--and, frightful as the responsibility is, I realize that I've got to do something with it--and do it mighty quick. 

 [Laughter.] This is a festive hour, and even a preacher mustn't be any more edifying in his remarks, I suppose, than he can help. 

 And I promise accordingly to use my conscientious endeavors to-night to leave this worshipful company no better than I found it. 

 [Laughter.] 

 But, gentlemen, well intending as one may be to that effect, and lightly as he may approach the theme of the Forefathers, the minute he sets foot within its threshold he stops his fooling and gets his hat off at once. 

 [Applause.] 

 Those unconscious, pathetic heroes, pulling their shallop ashore on the Cape yonder in 1620--what reverence can exceed their just merit! 

 How richly and how speedily fruitful that seed was, we know. It did not wait for any large unfolding of events on these shores to prove the might of its quickening. "Westward the star of empire takes its way." 

 Yes, but the first pulse of vital power from the new State moved eastward. 

 For behold it still in its young infancy--if it can be said to have had an infancy--stretching a strong hand of help across the sea to reinforce the cause of that Commonwealth, the rise of which marks the epoch of England's new birth in liberty. 

 [Applause.] 

 The pen of New England, fertilized by freedom and marvellously prolific ere a single generation passed, was indeed the Commonwealth's true nursing mother. 

 Cromwell, Hampden, Sidney, Milton, Owen, were disciples of teachers mostly from this side the Atlantic. Professor Masson, of Edinburgh University, in his admirable "Life of Milton," enumerates seventeen New England men whom he describes as "potent" in England in that period.
