I found no defects or dislikes (which I had worried): all consumed appeared to me like a straw in a great fire "[1]. [Note 1: .. Ibid, Chapter VIII, 8 ..] These extracts his autobiography are important as giving a key to later life. We see here the intensity of their feelings and emotions, the excitability of his temperament, the tendency to roam in areas of spiritual imagination, the taste for strong dramatic expression, which , although not in themselves objectionable, however, gave the outside world, and even those around her, they were open to negative biases, misperceptions about the depth and reality of their religion. They, hand I could not do the assignment can be done easily by the vagaries of a soul that had just emerged from the darkness of prison of depression and distrust in the exercise of divine love and favor. When enthusiastic spirit led him to itself the subject of the most severe penances, which enjoyed its imposition and could not make them bad enough. And here once we get a prominent place a primary error of the sentence in this good woman from the beginning of their Christian life. She gives details of a particularly disgusting penance inflicted on itself. In this, as in the rest of their self-imposed torture and degradation, the momentum clearly did not come from above but from the imagination of a mind over-wrought wrong enclosed in a fragile and delicate frame, and these morbid fantasies were based on their intense passion for self-humiliation. We must remember that at this critical time, when you most need a lawyer who had really no one to guide her - no, that is, possessing spiritual wisdom and common sense. Although Madame Guyon was absorbed much in a mystical ecstasy, which she describes as prayer without words or thoughts, she was not a mere vision. His love for God, his intense devotion to his Savior, led to serious efforts to do good to those around them. The poor and sick children, young people exposed to temptation, all that needed temporary help, or spiritual, were special objects of his attention and kindness. To lead others to Christ was a notable success. She had exceptional qualifications for the job missionary. A little over twenty years old, her youthful beauty and grace, the tender, yearning love illuminates his expressive face, ready expression, sweet voice, and charm of manner that never left the media were not improper communication to convey the news of mercy to many ignorant seekers after rest and peace. IV. Grief and sadness. At this time he found great benefit from the advice of her friend Genevieve Granger, the prioress of the Benedictine monastery, who encouraged her in her determination to avoid compliance with the world, and live wholly to God. She once again progress in life and trials has now reached its thickness were the means of his soul with the increase of purity and peace blessing. She had trials of light. In addition to the constant annoyance of his mother, relentless in the law and moody behavior of her husband fell on her heavy affliction. The terrible smallpox attack, and spoiled her beautiful face, but left him alive. Her cruel mother in law, rather than breast-tenderness, cruelly neglected, excluding health care, and endangered his life. The loss of her beauty alienated the affection of her husband - as was - from her, and became even more open to adverse effects. Burdened as he was with these problems, another added. His youngest son, a beautiful child of four years of age, was taken by the disease but fear itself. However, all these afflictions he showed a spirit of holy resignation. In the summer of 1671 was known of Father La Combe, who came with a letter of introduction from his half brother, Father La Mothe. Went in search of inner peace, and Madame Guyon's advice, the result of deep reflection and divine illumination, were of great help to him. The following year was marked by other losses trying. His little daughter, who lately had been his only source of human comfort, died suddenly. This was probably the toughest test of his life. In the same month lost her loving father. However, in these duels also do not charge God with wrong, but took as part of the discipline wisely ordered to weave his soul into a closer union with him.
