What a contrast is presented to the traveler who descends into the Milanese, where the peasants have black hair and eyes, Italian and Oriental features almost strongly marked. In the higher parts of the country Biscay, rather dark complexion and black hair of the Castilians, the natives have a fair complexion and blond with blue eyes, brown hair. And Atlanta, while the Berbers of the plains are dark-skinned with black hair, we saw that the mountain Shuluh are fair, and that the inhabitants of the high roads are completely xanthous Aurasius Mons, having red hair or Yellow and blue eyes, which capriciously, and without the shadow of any evidence, that have been speculated to be derived from vandals Genserico troops. 
Even in the intertropical region, high elevations of the surface, producing a colder climate, it seems that due to the onset of light complexion. In the upper parts of Senegambia, which faces the Atlantic, and are cooled by winds from the West Sea, where, in fact, it is known that the temperature is mild and fresh, sometimes even the copper-colored light Frelahs are surrounded by all sides by nations who live in districts with low Black, and almost in the same parallel, but on the opposite side of Africa is the high plains of Enarea and Kaffa, where the inhabitants are said to be fairer than the natives Southern Europe. The Gala and the Abyssinians themselves are, in proportion to the elevation of the country inhabited by them, fairer than the natives of the low; and no exception should be taken to a comparison of the smooth-haired breeds with black wool or Shungalla, bearing the same comparison with the Danakil, Hazorta and Bishari tribes, resembling in their hair and features, which inhabit the way low in the mountains of Tigre and the Red Sea coast, which are equally or almost as black as black. 

We may find occasion to note that an equally decided between local conditions and the existence of other characters of the human race in Africa. These races are the black character in an exaggerated degree, and that can be said to approach the deformity in person - the ugliest of blacks depressed forehead, flat nose, bandy legs - are in many cases the inhabitants of the Netherlands, often extensive marshes near the coast, where many of them, like Papels have almost no other means of livelihood of shellfish, and accidental gifts of the sea. 

In many black tribes occupy similar places thick woods in the hollows beneath the high mountain ranges, the summits of which are inhabited by races of Abyssinia or Ethiopia. The high plateaus of Africa are mainly, as far as they are known, the dwelling place or places of the wandering tribes of this character, or nations like the Kafirs, depart significantly from the type Black. The Mandingo are, in fact, blacks living in a region of high,. But do not have the front depressed, or salient features considered as characteristic of the black race [644] 

NOTES: 

[643] Peschel, Races of Man, pp 462-464. 

* * * * * 

CHAPTER VII. 

African Cities. 

Carthage. The foundation of this city celebrated attributed to Elisa, a princess of Tyre, also known as Dido, therefore, can be set in the year of the world 3158, when Joash king of Judah, 98 years before the construction of Rome and 846 years before Christ. The king of Tyre, father of the famous Jezebel Ethbaal called in Scripture, was his grandfather. He married his close relative Acerbas, Sicharbas also called, or Sychaeus, a rich prince, Pygmalion, king of Tyre, was his brother. Pygmalion Sychaeus put to death so he could have the opportunity to leverage its vast treasures, but Dido eluded cruel greed of his brother, secretly transmit their possessions of her late husband. Train With a large number of followers who left his country, and after wandering some time, landed on the coast of the Mediterranean, Africa, and find its solution at the bottom of the gulf, on a peninsula near the place where it is located Tunisia today.
