The whole season ,I had enough to wear like good clothes, shoes, pant and a shirt.
 
"I had been working in town. So I did not have any knowledge about the plantation. Moreover, I had not gone there often.

I did not know about the number of slaves there was.I did not even hear of any uprisings.

"The master hired an overseer,who was a poor white-trash.I still remember the master,who lived in a big white house, with his wife and children.They were kind to the slaves.But the overseer was not liked by us,as he whipped some slaves,though I was not whipped.I have also not seen others getting any punishment.If the slaves don't behave properly, they  were sent to the jail in the plantation.A slave in chains was never seen by me.But since the war, colored men in chain have been seen by me.

In town, there was a negro church,a Methodist Church, where trusted slaves could go.Negro spirituals were sung by us.

We were allowed to attend  a relative's funeral,even quit work,till it was finishedand then return to work.On the plantation, there was a graveyard.

Many slaves ran away.If the slaves were caught, they were brought back to be put in the stocks,to be sold.A runaway slave was not kept by the master.Sometimes,we had a fight with the 'white trash'.This lump on my head is because of a white boy who threw a rock, which hit me.

We worked on all days other than sunday.

No holidays were allowed for the slaves.There was no time for me to play games.After dark,the slaves were involved in singing and dancing,which were watched by us.I do not know any stories.

On hearing that the slaves had been set free,I remember most of them feeling sorry for leaving the plantation.

No one in our section got any mules or land.

I still remember about the 'night riders', whocame through our country, after the war.Horse shoes were put on the horses backwards,wrapping the horses feet with burlap,so that we don't hear any noise of their coming.These men were a terror for the colored folks,who ran to hide,on hearing their arrival,as they stole everything, even their beds andstraw ticks.

Immediately after the war,Mr. Kuhns,about whom I spoke, brought me to the North.For a short period, I was working at the milling trade in Tiffin.In 1866,I came to Canton.

Mr.Kuhns was an owner of a part in the old flour millhere(presently the Ohio Builders and Millling Co.). A job was given to me as a miller.I had been working there till the last year, until I got 70 years.Surely, in Canton, this is a record, as I had not worked in any other place.

I married Jennie Scott, in July 4,1871,in Massilon. Though we had four children,one boy lived,while others died.

The first colored child born in  Canton, was my first baby, a girl named Mary Jane,who was born in February 21,1872.My wife's death was on 1926.I don't know her date of birth, but I know that she was not a slave.

When I was in North, I started to vote. But in south, I never voted, as the way of life lead by the young people today was not liked by me, who are too fast and heavy drinkers.This is same with the white children too.

During my work,I saved my money for which I bought three properties.I sold one, gave one to my son,and living in the other.So, I need not have to depend any one.The mill, where I worked also gave me a pension check.

To make me a better man, I joined the church,which I feel every one should belong.For 54 years,I am being a member of St. Paul'sA.M.E.church, in Canton.There was a celebration yesterday(Sunday,August 15,1937)by burning the mortgage.Being the oldest member, I lit it along with the other two living charter members.I was presented $100.00, by my church friends yesterday,as a birthday gift.On the 25th of last month,I got 90 years old.

Residence of Hall is at 1225 High Ave, S.W., Canton,Ohio.
