Though the nice romantic story was officially order to be believed by all, in reality nobody, even not the emperor or empress, believed it. They would not approve her the place of lady-in-waiting. A valuable diamond accompany the request. The royal family gleefuly accepted the gift but didn'nt accept the offer.

All the male and female members of the Bonaparte family frequently visited her house and accepted her invitations. So, the circle and society of Madame de C---n was considered the 'haut ton' among the noble.

In the last february the son of Madame de P---t and Comte de P---t was baptized by Cardinal de Belloy when Madame Joseph and Prince Louis Bonaparte stood as sponsors. Comte de P---t was a relative of Madame de C---n from her husband's side and now an accompany.

Though the de P---t family lost all their properties during the revolution, the baptism was celebrated with both glitter and glamor. About one hundred and fitly persons, who are from both ci-devant nobles and ci-devant sans-culottes were entertained regardless of their wealth and dignity.

The audacious behavior of Senator Villetard who teased and insulted the poor old Cardinal de Belloy astonished me most. Villetard who was a journeyman barber before the revolution showed utter disrespect with his irrational conversation.

Villetard was imprisoned for theft and in 1789 was released by a mob. In 1791, the Jacobins deputed him to address in the capital to encourage the depositon of Louis XVI. He was chosen as member of the National Convention in 1792, where he was regarded as a close aide to the most saguinary and violent factions.

In December 1797, during the insurrection of Joseph Bonaparte at Rome and subsequently loosing his sovereignty and liberty, Villetard was commmisioned by the Jacobin and aesthetical party of the Directory to seize and carry off the Celebrated Madonna.

The incidence demonstrated his lack of genius and criminal mind. The wooden deity of Holy Virgin  with a black gown (Believed to be her own), three broken china plates which the Roman faithful beleived to be used by her was presented by Villetard to the Directory. The presentation accompanied a cruel demonstration and a blasphemous letter.

He passed the next night in Loretto, the chapel of Holy Virgin with two prostitutes in a outrageous sacrilegous act. On the following morning he placed a prostitue fully naked in the altar and directed all the members of the chapel to prostrate themselves before her. This utterly shocking behavior caused the dealth of fifteen ladies, two of them died instaneously. I wonder how barbarous a man would be who bereaved  the religious, the pious and tormented their reproach of apostasy. It placed the good and virtue to knell down before the guilt and infamy.
