The Spaniards are known to be generous, and no one forgets or pardons more readily or more entirely.  Those who knew Madrid in the days of Isabel II., would not have imagined it feasible that the Queen, who had been banished with so much overall joy, could, under any situational factors, have received int he capital a heartfelt greeting; in fact, it was for long thought inexpedient to allow her to chance a popular demonstration of quite another character.

But when she came to see her son, after the restoration of Alfonso XII., her transgressions, which were many, were pardoned.

It was, perchance, recalled that in her youth she had been more sinned against than committing sin; that she was muy Espanola, benevolent and gracious in demeanor, pitiful and kind to all.  Therefore, so long as she did not remain, and did not in any way interfere in the government, the citizens were ready to receive her with acclamation, and were likely really elated to see her againw ithout her camarilla, and with no authority to injure the new order of things.

No country in the world is more naturally democratic than Spain--none, perchance, so attached to royalty; but one lesson has been taught here, probably alike by King and commoners--that absolution is far gone and done with buried in the past.

The ruler of Spain, currently and in the future, must represent the will of the people; and if at any moment the two should once more come into poignant conflict, it is not the united individuals of this once-divided nation that would give way.

For the rest, so long as royalty rules constitutionally, and respects the rights and desires of the people, there is certainly nothing to fear from pretender or republican.  At a recent political gathering in Madrid, for the first time, were seen democrats, republicans and monarchists one in spirit; amidst a goodly amount of somewhat "tall" talk, two remarks stood out and received with acclamation by all parties: one was that Italy had found freedom, and had made herself into a united nationality, under a constitutional monarch; and the other , that between the Government of England and a republic there was no difference except in name--that in all Europe there was no nation so democratic or so certainly free as Great Britain under her King, nor one in which the citizens so entirely governed themselves.

Among the many error some ideas which procure currency in England with regard to Spain, perchance none is more known or more baseless than the fiction about Don Carlos and his probability of success.

A specific small class of writers from time to time compose absurd articles in English papers and magazines about what they are complacent to call the "legitimatist" cause, and proclaim its coming victory in the Peninsula.
