Bonaparte is so vain and fickle as a coquette, as stubborn as a mule, and equally bold and steady, anyone who has witnessed his actions or thought about its operations must be convinced. 
The opposition irritates your pride, and determines and orders, in a moment of impatience and vivacity, which can cause misery for millions of years, and perhaps his own repentance for years. 

When Bonaparte was officially informed by his ambassador in Vienna, the young de La Rochefoucauld, the Emperor of Germany had dropped one of its official line of the Legion of Honor, who was furious, and used against this the Prince worse, vulgar and inappropriate language. 

I heard that he went so far as to say: "Well, Francis II. Are you tired of reigning. 

I hope to be strong enough to take a third crown. 

He who dares to refuse to be and continue with my peers, suddenly, like a vassal, which is honored with the relationship as a teacher, I can indulge, compassion, by giving it. " 

Despite forty-eight hours have elapsed after the angry exit before he met with the Ambassador of Austria, Count Von Cobenzl, his passion was still so angry, that, observing his rudeness and violence, all members shaking the diplomatic corps, both for this her respected member, and the honor of our nation thus represented. 

When the public was more diplomatic, Talleyrand said, in a remote and harsh tone of voice, in the presence of all his aides de camp and general: 

"Write this afternoon, by a special courier, my minister at Genoa, Salicetti to prepare the doge and the people for the immediate incorporation of the Republic of Liguria with my empire. 

If they dare to murmur Austria, the period of three months, they incorporate the ci-devant-Republic of Venice with my Kingdom of Italy! " 

"But - but - Lord!" delivered to the Minister, trembling. 

"There is no 'but', and I will hear no" but "," interrupted his Majesty. "Obey my orders, without discussion. If Austria dare to arm me, before next Christmas, make Vienna the seat of a military division session. 

In an hour waiting with offices ready to Salicetti. " 

This Salicetti is a parade of a respectable family, born in Bastia, in 1758, and it was he who, during the siege of Toulon in 1793, introduced his compatriot, Napoleon Bonaparte, the present sovereign, the friendship of bars, an event that since then he has produced so terribly noticeable consequences. 

Before the revolution, an advocate of the Supreme Council of Corsica, was elected to the First National Assembly where, on November 30, 1789, pulled the decree declared the island of Corsica part of the French monarchy. 

In 1792, he was sent by his countrymen as deputy to the National Convention, where he joined the terrorist group, and voted for the death of their king. In May 1793, was in Corsica, and violently opposed the supporters of General Paoli. Forced to make his escape in August from the island to escape, he joined the army of General Carteaux then marching against the insurgents in Marseille, where he was sent by the National Bar Convention, Gasparin, Robespierre, the younger and Ricrod, as representative of the people, the army before Toulon, where, and in Marseille, which shares all the atrocities committed by their colleagues and by Bonaparte; for which, after the death of Robespierre, was arrested with him as a terrorist. 

Do not know much Bonaparte in Corsica, but, finding him and his family in great distress, with all other Corsican refugees, and to observe his skill as a captain of artillery, he recommended bars, and their representation on the Security Service, was promoted to a brigade commander or colonel. 

In 1796, when Bonaparte took command bars the Army of Italy, Salicetti was appointed government commissioner to the army itself, and as such behaved with the greatest insolence towards all the princes of Italy, and most of them to the Duke of Modena, with whom he and Bonaparte signed a treaty of neutrality, for which he received a large sum of money available, but soon after, the duchy was again invaded, and an attempt to surprise and seize the Duke. 

In 1797 he was elected to the Council of Five Hundred, which always remained a supporter of violent measures. 

When, in 1799, his former protege, Bonaparte was declared First Consul, Salicetti want to be placed in the conservative Senate, but his familiarity displeased Napoleon, who first made a commercial agent, and after a Minister Ligurian Republic in order to keep a distance. 

During his various missions, he has amassed a fortune calculated at the lowest, six million pounds.
