June 1910. 
PHILADELPHIA, June 1, 1910. 

I signed the Report of the ASCE Committee on train - "Approved in connection with the attached report," as I feel that the report is too condensed, and assumes that everyone is familiar with the situation of railway, mostly what has been done by other companies. 

The work of this Committee has been delegated by the Railway Association of Railroad Commission of Railway Engineering and Maintenance of Way Association, and therefore seems appropriate to give the results of their work, to date, our members in a convenient form for consultation, especially as rail specifications have not been worked for, and have provided a better specification to be worked for, and indeed often used by members of this Society. 

The specification is attached. 

The presentation of this specification to the annual meeting in Chicago last March, the Committee stated: [C] 

"A new specification should not be proposed at this time without careful consideration. 

For all we know, no railroad company has acquired the lanes in the specifications approved by the Railway Association and referred to us, or know of any railway company that has succeeded in buying the rails in the last two years According to a specification entirely satisfactory to the railroad company. We believe that all the specifications under which the rails have been shot have commitments from both sides, with the general result that neither party is fully satisfied. Our experience over the years has brought to our attention to some defects in all specifications we have before us, and acting under the impression that there is a clear feeling that we must revise our specifications, we offer the attached specifications for consideration. 

Our Association has no specification for open-hearth steel rails, and in order to comply with the instructions, an open specification for steel rails Home is included. 

"We believe it is necessary to introduce a sliding scale for the percentage of carbon and phosphorus, carbon and intends to increase with decreasing phosphorus. 

The setting of the appropriate scale is an issue that needs attention, and acknowledge that our knowledge on the subject is limited. The specification of the Railway Association draws attention to this matter in the following words: "When low phosphorus can be secured, with a proportional increase proper carbon to be done." The amount of increase is expected in the specification, and this seems to be necessary in order to ensure uniformity practice, otherwise, setting these rates becomes an issue of special status. 

Bessemer rails was regularly supplied with phosphorus below the maximum allowed, and where this is done, the coal must be raised above the upper limit set now in our specifications, or a soft track leads result will be poor, however this condition is not has been fully protected in the lanes provided under existing rules. 

The lower and upper limits for coal has so far been established with the intention that the plants provide the rails with a composition as close between the two limits of the possible. Mills, however, to meet the required drop tests with the least difficult to maintain both the coal and manganese as close as possible to the lower limits, with the result that a general purpose lane-poor is furnished.
