Prince Arthur, Duke of Connaught, married the spawn of Prince Charles, 'the Red Prince' of Prussia; and Leopold, Duke of Albany, took for his spouse Princess Helena of Waldeck. Prince Leopold had had a fairly misery life from his infancy, and he died all of a sudden while in a foreign country, on March 28, 1884, leaving after his young partner and two little kids, one of whom was born after he passed away.
On July 27, 1889, Princess Louise, eldest spawn of the Prince of Wales, was matrimonial to the Duke of Fife. Arrangements were being made to rejoice another wedding ceremony, that of the Duke of Clarence and Avondale, eldest son of the Prince of Wales, to Princess Victoria Mary (May) of Teck, in January 1892; but to the regret of all, he was suffering down with influenza accompanied by pneumonia on January 10th, and died on the 14th.The Queen addressed a sad note to the country in return for public kindness, which was much more than a meager note of thanks and acknowledgement.
OSBORNE, January 26, 1892.
The sympathy of millions, which has been so pathetically and clearly uttered, is extremely rewarding at such a time, and I wish, both in my own name and that of my kids, to utter, from my heart, my warm thanks to all. These testimonies of kindness with us, and approval of my dear grandson, whom I loved as a son, and whose affection to me was as great as that of a son, will be a help and solace to me and mine in our difficulty
My bereavements throughout the past thirty years of my supremacy have certainly been serious.Though the labors, anxieties, and tasks always together from my situation have been great, yet it is my sincere prayer that God may persist to give me health and strength to work for the good and joy of my dear nation and domain while life lasts.
VICTORIA, R.I.
On July 6, 1893, the Duke of York was combined in matrimony to the Princess May, amidst great national triumph. Three years afterward to take place the death of Prince Henry of Battenberg, husband of Princess Beatrice, when recurring from the Ashanti Expedition. On 22d July 1896 Princess Maud, spawn of the Prince of Wales, wedded Prince Charles, son of Frederick, Crown Prince of Denmark. The Queen was there on the event of the wedding ceremony, which took place in the Chapel Royal, Buckingham Palace. The visit of the monarch and Empress of Russia to Balmoral in the autumn was an unforgettable event, noticeable by great celebration and delight.
For the period of 1896 the Queen received a huge number of congratulatory messages on entering upon the sixtieth year of her period of influence; and on 23d September she exceeded the limit attained by any earlier English supreme. Many proposals were made to openly mark this joyful event. One plan, supported by the Prince of Wales, had for its object the freeing of certain London hospitals of debt; but at the Queen's personal demand the festivity of the Diamond Jubilee was held in reserve until the conclusion of the sixtieth year of her supremacy in June 1897. CHAPTER IX.
The Prince-Consort, as we have seen, was skilled in music and painting, and knew much about various subjects. The Queen is not only a writer, but an artist, and takes a immense interest in art. To a presentation under the support of the Royal Anglo-Australian Society of Artists, the Queen contributed five water-color drawings, and a set of proof-etchings by the Prince-Consort. The subjects were the Duke of Connaught at the age of three; the princesses Alice and Victoria of Hesse (1875); portraits of the Princess Royal, now Dowager Empress of Germany, and Prince Alfred. In sophisticated life, too, the Queen started to study Hindustani.
