We only have a few information about the life of the eminent writer Tacitus. He served in the army as a subordinate of Vespasian and Tius. He left to Rome in A.D.89 after attaining many honors in the state, with his wife who was the daughter of the Excellen t Agricola. Emperor Nerva posted him as the Consul after his return from Rome in A.D. 97.Though the actual year is not known, his death happened after A.D.117.But we  will be able to understand the personality and sentiments of Tacitus from his writings.

         He  was a person of virtue and honesty and he was very disappointed and sad about the fall of the old republic but he does not refrain from hurting Augustus or Tiberius, whom  he considered as responsible for this.He was as powerful and disapproving as Juvenal.The writing style  of Tacitus was sad and desponding as if he had forseen the decline of his country.

       He had his own identity in his writing style which was concise, obscure, strong and above all which attract the attention of the readers.

         Even though he does not possess the elegance and grace of Livy, the characters and descriptions of Tacitus are more real and intense.

             The biography of his father-in-law Agricola is one of the most delightful biographies.His explanation about the Germans was a silent satire against the corrupt Roman State.The Historiarum Libri give the full account of the history of his time which narrates the fall of Galba till the death of Domitian and which describes the reigns of Nerva and Trajan. The Annales says the history of Rome from the death of Augustus till the time of Nero but is not perfect. Many of his works are not preserved.

               A detailed written account upon the orator is also credited to this historian.Tacitus and Juvenal are the two great personalities of Roman literature. 

     Another interesting writer who might have lived under Claudius or Tiberius wrote ten books about the exploits of Alexander the Great.His successor whose name was C.Sueonius Tranquillus came to Rome when Domitian was ruling to study rhetoric and grammar.

      He  was banished by Hadrian and we do not know how and when he died. He wrote about the lives of twelve Ceasars which end up in Domitian. He had a good language and he portrayed every charcters with every minute details. His writings throw light upon the manners of the Romans.

       Many biographies attributed to Suetonius might have written by some other writers. He wrote some other short treatises also. 

       Another writer L. Anaeus Florus wrote a brief summary of Roman history. He might have lived under Trajan. 
 
       Justin wrote  a history of the world.Aurelius Victor wrote the book Origo Gentis Romanae. But only a smaller portion of it is preserved. The Scriptores Historiae Augustae is a book which is a collection of writings of many authors who lived at different periods in the empire. 

  Another writer namely Eutropius who served under Julian wrote a brief history of Rome which was writen in a natural style.

          The history of the empire from Nerva to the death of Valens, was writend by a Greek who lived under Valens,Valentinian and Theodosius, namely Ammianus Marcellinus.
  
    Most part of his work is lost. Even though his style is entertaining there is no eminence in his writing skill. 

  The last one in the list of Latin historians is Spaniard Orosius who was a christian presbyter. He pictured the Pagan world while defending Christianity.
