For example, doubts "whether any society, and that of Sodom and Gomorrah" [Paris is entirely too soft an example] "has been rather full of every kind of vice that of the Yankees." Infanticide prevails, implying that more broadly in China. The Yankees continue to envy and malice all the excellences that occurs between them without regard to money, and a gentleman has no more possibility of the existence of a dog in the Grotto del Cano '

The elegance and refinement of the same publisher of the Whig, appears as follows.

One hand, we missed is too viciously against the modesty of the reprint:

'... Yankee women, skinny, bony and hard as the whip of cord, are reproduced as Norway rats, and fill brothels all on the continent .... But multiply - the only biblical injunction to obey - and have their millions. The same goes for the Chinese, so do Apisdæ, and all other animal pests. Pull the bark of a rotten log and you will see a mass of worms full of vitality, constantly moving and eternal round, tracking more than one, and another crawling under another, all exactly alike, all closely involved to hunt for each other, and is an apt illustration of the numbers of the Yankees, the equality of the Yankees, and the greatness of the Yankees.

"We must bring these slaves UnFranchise - the Yankees - back to his true condition. That long, probably, looked at themselves and our social inferiors - as our servants, half-life, mean - under their vulgar, sordid and occupations, the field is this belief in them. But suddenly, they have imagined that their numerical strength gives them the power - and that has burst the bonds of servitude, and are running riot over the brutal passion of a beast released. His rise has all the characteristics of a fierce insurgency, fertile .... They have suggested we invade their territory, and the theft of their banks and jewelers. It is possible that the benefits for the suggestion, so far of the invasion - to allow us to restore to its normal condition of vassalage, and teach them cap in hand is the proper attitude of a servant before his master.

These excerpts are from the Richmond Whig - a document beyond all comparison, more respectable and acceptable in the whole South, and in any case so little weight or character that their comments be passed by as mere bravado boast of South and hopes that does not mean anything.

It speaks of the deep-seated belief and sincere conviction of the secessionists even smarter - to the editor of the Whig is not just one, but one of the most honest and straight men who are in Dixie.

"But," the reader may ask, "if the man really believes the Yankees are the servants, slaves, vassals of the South, where the eyes, ears, and common sense? With care, dear reader. When we reflect on the subservience to the south by the Northern Democrats face mass in years past - when we recall the abhorrent and unbelievable sycophancy with which everything has been Hymned South, honored and exalted - as we remember the a vulgar, arrogant, ignorant Southerners have worshiped in the face of mass society where the knights were not worthy of waiting in the know it, but secondary - when we think of shallow pettiness regrettable that leads men's North to rant in favor of this "institution" that, at least, knowledge is a curse for the country - where we see that even now, how, with a meanness and wickedness beyond belief, "democratic" editors follow lick the hand that hurts them, it is not surprising that the southern, taking the side of a type of mass across the north, characterized all the Yankees and as servants, crawlers servile hand and make the beggars of patternsCini.

For if everyone were of democracy in favor of slavery, and especially those who are still shouting for the rights of the South and ensure grinningly patriots under the Constitution can not do anything to the South ", which is rich deserve the scorn heaped on us by the 'cavalry'.

* * * * *

There is no doubt that during this bloody war, many incidents have occurred or will occur, almost equal to that described in the following simple, but real life ballad:

Frank Wilson.
