Those people are engaged in house work. They also keep the magnificient furniture abd wardrobes in an orderly way.Most of them make cakes and sweetmeats,which their own offsprings sell on the streets.The question which naturally arises is whether these women and girls arefree agents, for which we do not get a clear answer.But it is clear that,in the Straits,a subtle form of slavery exists,where boys and girls are bought and sold with impunity.
 
Official documents prove this,so this is not an exaggerated condition.Our thoughts are confined to the women. Mr.Pickering,"protector" in a plea for the continuance of the Contagious Diseases Ordinance at Singapore,explains about two classes of prostitutes,a ratio of free women"who come there for a livelihood,girls purchased when still young,are wholly the owner's party,mainly, the lady whom the girl calls 'mother' and consider as such.The girls are brought down to the Straits by the mistress,who either sell them or takes them to different places,to lodge them in licensed brothels,to reside,nominally a servant,but receives her girls earnings,paying the licensed keeper a commission.During this business,the price paid for the 'daughter'is received by the so called 'mother'.A promissory note for the amount, with heavy interest is being signed by the 'daughter'.Then the first owner returns to China.The victim has to serve the Straits mistress.Meanwhile,on comparing, the girl is fortunate in that,coming here, she has a chance of becoming a free woman,under the protection we give throughthe Contagious Diseases Ordinances.

To become a free woman under the British flag,listen readers,the "protector",place the slave girls in his brothels, which are officially managed:

"The girls, along with their promissory notes,are passed from one hand to the other ,during the business or sometimes as pledges for loans.In one of the brothels,I found two girls.They had arrived in Singapore from China, six years ago.They had signed a note for $300 each. Every cent of what they had earned were received and taken back to China by the disposed owner.

During those six years,they were the property of two or three successive owners.I found them later in Penang.There they were still along with their original promissory note, eventhough th amount was paid more than what is needed.When I insisted the brothel keeper,to produce the accounts,I found thatthe girls earned twenty to thirty dollars each, per month.But, all those money went to the master.The master was surprised on finding the release of those girls. He, himself was threatened with the law."

This shows Mr. Pickering's intention of making us think about why he has a salary from the British Government.The reason is to see that slve girls have to redeem themselves,by making money through hardwork, through silent humiliation by one or more owners.Finally, for the patience of the 'protector' with the slave trader,he will be surprised to findhimself not punished with the law but "threatened".

Cecil C. Smith, who was formerly the Protector of Chinese(Registrar General) at Hong Kong, was knighted.He was made Governor at Singapore> After a year, in reference to this representation, he said"To deal with the inmates of brothel's accounts,the Protector of Chinese has no efficient means.He can also not deal with them.

The Government should stay seperately, without interfering in these matters.

We can now understand how much Mr. Pickering's representations were useful to the "protector" compared to the women.But, a shocking state of slavery has been revealed by him,which is perfectly known and not at all interfered by the "protector".
