In summary, it can, but do not contain much more than amuse and entertain all fans of the author. For my part, I read to the poorest of these studies received from Elia of the best productions of some of the most popular modern authors. 
"Straw King is as good as the corn of others," says the old proverb. 

"There is a pleasure derived from the trifles of men well known for their knowledge and talent," says Goldsmith, "and we get to worship those parts, after death, which will diminish in our estimation, living, sensitive enjoy them no more, they cherish as precious relics, every word they say and they have escaped, but his writings of all kinds, we consider invaluable. "

For 

years and I've been patiently waiting for someone to collect and publish these scattered and almost forgotten items Lambbut in the end, there is no chance of being done now, if ever in my day, and fearing that I will never again have the opportunity to browsing these writings strangely forgotten my favorite author, I began to search and find myself in my own delight. And after a working agreement useless and meaningless (because, unlike John Scotus Eriugena, in his quest for a treaty of Aristotle, had no oracle to consult), after spending so many days when the leaves turn I know not how many volumes of old and dusty journals musty, rancid and Mr Vernon ran miles after a butterfly, which was richly rewarded for all my pains. 

Because not only are all the uncollected writings Lamb spoken in his "Life and Letters", but a good number of articles from his pen, that neither he nor his biographer has mentioned. In reading these essays (for me) new Elia, I could not help feeling a bit outraged that such excellent productions of this great writer should have been "supprest underkept and down" so long. 

I was so taken with these trials are again like the old Lamb Gerbelius Nicholas (see Burton, "Anatomy of Melancholy" Partition II., Section 2, 4) was with a few Greek authors restored to light. 

If I had one or two lovers, admirers of Charles Lamb enthusiasts to enjoy the pleasure of flipping me these Elías not collected, it should have been "all happiness to the brim." For me, as with Michael de Montaigne and Hans Andersen, there is no pleasure without communication. 

And so, partly for my taste, and partly to please fans of Charles Lamb, that this publication is part of uncollected essays and sketches of Elia. 

A ninety-nine percent of readers of the author are as good as SMS. And not only will they be new to most readers, but found that they are not entirely unworthy of him who wrote the immortal thesis on "roast pork." 

Although you can not compare with the best productions and completed more than Elia, these articles contain some of the better qualities and peculiarities of his genius. 

Without doubt, all genuine fans, all true lovers of the sweet, affable, charming Elia, will be greatly satisfied with these productions of his pen inimitable. 

Those who were fortunate enough to be personally acquainted with Charles Lamb are lavish in their praise of their conversational skills. "He always made the best pun and the best comment in the course of the night. "Lamb was, without doubt," incomparable companion fireside, inimitable as a table-transmitter, "great in the middle of the night."
