Capital would be fun, it would be. Suppose you were to give young Bennetts, I said the other day I would ask some of his old toys for themselves. It would be a pleasure, I am sure, to be a gift. Poor children, you know, seldom something. " 
"I beg your pardon!" 

"How I can speak!" William continued, "to be sure, also hate to waste, and waste and thus to close the things that might be useful, as it would be to burn them, I think, because if they do wood, which is proving to be of some use. 

Now, do not be so greedy, Carlos, they are. " 

"I'll do that!" Carlos said in an angry tone, "and as for his extravagance, is quite shocking, I wonder what you think will happen to you when you're a man." 

"I tell you what I hope," said Guillermo, throwing a few blocks from the window pocket for a poor boy who was passing, "My hope is to have to work very hard for a living, and as I am most I see it I should do something for Mom and the girls in the negotiation. 

But for all that you hope you never turn a screw miserable. Why, when God gives us health, food, clothing and shelter, do not you think that the accumulation and hoarding, rather than do without the blessings, and perform such acts of kindness that I can be in our power to grant is like questioning God's goodness and mercy for the future? " 

"You'd think they were preaching," said Charles, with a grin. 

"Besides," continued William, after a brief pause, "I think that nature is the constant repetition of the lesson that teaches us the Scriptures. See how, year after year, spring wheat leaves and ripening fruits of the earth, as if warning us that we should distribute the good things God gives us total confidence and will continue to send everything that are necessary. " 

"Ore has been found that in the sermon, too?" asked Charles. 

"Maybe I did." 

"Did he say anything about the ten talents - which says that anyone who has will be given, but has not be taken away even what he has?" Carlos replied with an air of triumph. 

"Do you understand the text I quoted" asked William, softly. 

"I guess so, I think that taught people to increase their shops than anything else. " 

"So let me say that you are very wrong, because it was a text I used to listen to Dad to explain very often that you should never apply to worldly possessions. 

But those who pray, and seek by every means to acquire, you will surely find that heavenly grace bestowed on them, while those who neglect to cultivate the spirit of religion as surely find any sense of mercy could ever have experienced the same way away from them. 

Every human being has the power, more or less, to do good, and the possibilities and opportunities are also one of the "talents" entrusted to him, and which must report to the end. " 

"Has the preaching?" yawned the greedy little. 

"Yes, because I fear that are beyond my teaching." 

And so, the cousins are separated. 

Sat Charles thought for a while. "William looks so happy!" he thought. and yet I dare say at this point does not have half a crown, they can call their own is very fine of him, indeed, talk of turning the cabinet, which has nothing to maintain. " 

And that led to the selfish child, having fun with the look at a shelf full of baby toys that could take no pleasure in use, but which nevertheless did not have the heart to give, and then ring a piggy bank, which was heavy enough to say that there were many coins, many in the interior, and yet he drew from his pocket a shilling, which slipped through the narrow opening, adding to his store useless. 

Oh! sad to think that no thought of gratitude to the Almighty for the blessings with which he was surrounded, without prayer for guidance from above rose in his heart, without thinking about the duty of cultivating the "talent" who had fallen to share.
