When the Caliph Haroun El Raschid (who was the friend of the great Charlemagne) Oaz Ebn fun at his court jester in the quality, I wish one day, in the presence of the Sultan and all his followers, for an excuse worse than was intended to reduce crime: Caliph walking, waiting for a response. 
After a long pause, Ebn Oaz hiding behind the throne, and pinched his height in the rear. The caliph's anger knew no bounds. "I ask pardon of your Majesty," said Ebn Oaz "but I thought it was His Highness the Sultan." This was the worst excuse the crime, and of course the clown was pardoned. 

* * * * * 

BACKGROUND AND REFUND. 

Deception in the theater is a bad thing, but the manager of admission money back is worse. Sheridan, who understood the professional feelings about this in the most acute degree, had a habit of saying that he could give words to the chagrin of a conqueror, to see the fruits of his victories torn from him, or the miseries of a fracture minister, became the moment he thought the cabinet at his mercy, or a criminal to hear a sermon of encouragement away from the ordinary, or a debtor has just fallen into the clutches of a brown color, but he could never find words to express the sensibility of a director required to disgorge money once taken on their doors. 

"Fund," says the ornament experience the art of living by the ingenuity, "the fund is an excellent word. Fund, but again it is the worst in the language" Monthly Magazine. 

* 

* * * * 

COURT disputes. 

Mr. Crawfurd, in his Embassy, described the following scene absurd that arise from a misunderstanding between the sovereign and his ministers Birmaher: - "The Night ministers last report to the king of the progress of the negotiations. 

His Majesty was very angry, said his confidence had been abused, and now, for the first time, you did know the real state of affairs. 

Ministers accused of misrepresentation, embezzlement, and all sorts of crimes. Their dissatisfaction will not be just words, he drew his DA, or the sword, and went in pursuit of the courtiers offended. 

They immediately fled, some jumping over the rail balustrades on the front of the courtroom, but as many escape by the stairs leading to it and in the confusion that attended his efforts, ( fall head over heels) on top of each other. Such real paroxysms are not uncommon, and although attended with sacrifices of real dignity, always without bloodshed. The late king was less subject to attack His Majesty's wrath today, but also occasionally forgot. Towards the end of his reign, and when on a pilgrimage to the great temple of Mengwe, a circumstance of this description took place, which was described by a European gentleman was present, and one of the courtiers. 

The king had detected something evil, which would have been very difficult. His anger rose, took his spear, and smote the false ministers. These, with the exception of the European Union, which is not party to the crime, fled tumultuously. An unfortunate courtier had shot up their heels as they fled, the king struck him and wounded him slightly in the calf of his leg with his spear, but took no further revenge. " 

* 

* * * * 

Lullaby. 

Shakespeare in Titus Andronicus, he says, 

"I know for us, as is the singing of a lullaby nurse to take your baby to sleep." 

A learned commentator gives us what he jokingly called a note in this lullaby. 

"The quiet verb, means to sing softly, and connects to the Greek [Greek: laleo] loquor, o. [Greek: lala], the sound made by the seashore Nurses lalla Romans used the word, to reassure their children, and faked a deity called Lull, who is invoked in this case, the lullaby, or tune itself was called by the same name "- Douce .. 

Lullaby is supposed to contract Lull-a baby. The Welsh are famous for their lullabies, and a good nurse Welsh, with a pleasant voice, has been at times is more soporific in the nursery, that anodyne of the midwife. The adverse effects of Swift's song, "Here we go up, up, up," and the smile-provoking tune "Hey diddle, diddle," cum multis ALIIS, are too well known to be listed or dispute.
