From there, pushing the revolving door I could pass the entrance chamber, B. After entering B could return to one passing through one of the electrical panels, marked W, and following the alley O, where pushing open the swing door to enter the nest box. The door opened inward, B, alone, O, right and left, turned outward to A, only. Therefore impossible for the mouse to follow any other course or AIBRWEO AIBLWEO. The doors of I and O were pieces of wire mesh 1 / 2 cm. mesh, hinged at the top so that a mouse could open easily in one direction, pushing with his nose at any point on the bottom. On the ground of each of the electrical panels, W, is an oak board of 1 cm. thick, which led to the electric wires through which the mouse could be caught in W when the evidence demanded it. The broken circuit consisting of electrical cables in the two cases, in relation to the induction unit, IC, dry cell, C, and the hand key, K, was made by taking two pieces of copper of America No. 20 standard gauge wire and wrapping it in oak board was to be placed on the floor of each panel. The cables, which developed in parallel with others, 1 / 2 cm. It should also be in shallow grooves on the edges of the board, and therefore, by being drawn and tense, which is held firmly in place. 
The coils of the two alternating pieces of wire, forming a circuit stops when the key K is closed, completed if the feet of a mouse is based on points of the two pieces of wire. 

Since the copper wire spreads easily and is released on the basis of wood is best to use phosphor bronze wire of approximately the same size, if the area covered by the circuit is interrupted for more than three or four inches wide. The phosphor bronze wire is more difficult to close in a satisfactory manner, since it is more difficult to bend the copper wire, and has the additional disadvantage of being more fragile. But once properly placed, forms a much more lasting and satisfactory circuit interrupted by experiments such as those described itself copper wire. In the case of the electric-boxes in question, the oak planks that led to the separate circuits were interrupted, and the two circuits joined the union of the cables between the boxes. The free ends of two pieces of wire which is the broken circuit were connected to the secondary coil of a inductorium Porter, whose primary coil was in the circuit with a battery of 6 of Columbia dry. In light of the preliminary experiments carried out in preparation for eye tests, the strength of the induced current received by the mouse is regulated so changing the position of the coil secondary to the primary, which was unpleasant, but not harmful to the animal. What role did the unpleasant shock vision test brightness now be explained. 

An opportunity for visual discrimination of brightness difference was provided by the dead black cardboard placed at the entrance and inside one of the electrical panels, as shown in Figure 14, B, and the white board in a similar way in the other box. 

These cards were movable and could be changed from one box to another in the will of the experimenter. The test was to require the mouse to choose a certain brightness, for example, the side of white cardboard, with the aim of returning to the nest-box without receiving an electric shock. The question the experimenter asked on this test really is, can a dancer to learn to go to the white box and avoid the inconvenience? 

If we assume that their ability to benefit from the experience within the number of experiences that gave him as a behavior modification indicating brightness discrimination. Will the dancer distinguish white from black, light gray, dark gray, gray two are about the same brightness? 

The results make up the remainder of this chapter and the next provide a definitive answer to these questions. 

To return to the experimental procedure, the mouse being tested is placed by the experimenter in the nest box, where often in food and the first tests were a comfortable nest attractions.

Failure to do so on their own will, as a result of random activity abundant, I go through in B within a few seconds, it goes to the door and called through. 

One option is to now require the animals to return to the nest-box where you must enter either the white or black electrical box.
