For this procedure, the reader's imagination is divided and distracted. The picture presented by the poet is and is not a portrait of the historical figure who lived in our memory. There are many points of similarity, but the head is omitted. And I always feel that it is omitted, because here the story is too strong for the poet: he can not expel from the country wants to include himself. 
How well can you describe that Socrates drank the hemlock - and that a Napoleon died on St. Helena, as a Joan of Arc, who was not in the flames of Rouen. 

Von Hinrich, in his criticism of Schiller, gives a curious defense of this item of history: - "Martyrdom" he says, "almost abandoned the girl can not satisfy us on stage. 

In the story is different, we see these facts in connection with the past and future, and not abstract a single event, and the judge of it, apart from all others. 

World history is the tribunal of the world. Johanna has been justified, posterity has returned to her fame and honor that was a malicious destination for a season deprived of it. 

The poet was forced to change catastrophe, to introduce, in their own time, the finger of justice, in reality, it was revealed only in a later period. [1] 

[1] Part II., P. 183. 

But who does not see that in all these cases, the poet sufficiently complete and rolls back the unjust condemnation of contemporaries, by representing the victim who does not deserve it -? Who described her as innocent, which anticipates and introduces a fair sentence of posterity? 

When Schiller had described as a pious Maid of Orleans in the heart - as the chosen of heaven, which was at once reversed the ruling of the court of Rouen. It was certainly not necessary to hide the fact of the sentence and has been approved to exculpate Johanna, and hold harmless, or surplus, judges in August, was not part of the activity of the poet. Socrates died in prison, denounced as a corrupter of youth. He himself is sufficiently justified if it is shown that there is a corrupter of youth. 

Is there any sense of fairness that lead us to suppress the fact that he died by the hangman in Athens? Or would it do justice to the story - to the great court of appeal - to suppress our indignation against unjust and criminal judgments had to be repealed? 

No doubt the poet would have struggled to compete with, by following the course of history. In particular, as he had chosen to represent as truly inspired Johanna would have been the task of reconciling the severity of his fate, on the one hand, with the justice of heaven to its own mission, or the other, with the slick character of heroin. 

Or the sky to appear Johanna forgotten, or Johanna must be represented as they lose the right to protection. Schiller But this difficulty has not escaped completely on his own farm, and has shown how they can find. Johanna could give way to the tenderness of a human passion without losing our sympathy, or making a moral stain on his character, and yet this aberration of the heart - the abandonment of the austere purity required by their sacred mission - could in theological point of view, is supposed to have lost its claim to the miraculous intervention from heaven on their behalf. 

So, in the final scenes, when Johanna would not have any rights in the wonderful favors of heaven, she would still be a saint in the heart, and entitled to our deepest condolences, and the sky would get back if not his prophet and the champion, however, a noble child of earth, purified further over sacrificial suffering. 

This kind of difficulty we meet, in one case, the tragedy of Schiller, in an unexpected and unnecessary. 

How are we to understand the noise you hear in apparent confirmation of the indictment Thibaut cruel? As a coincidence, just as a natural phenomenon, we can not see, appearing as it does in this wonderful environment. The Archbishop seems to think that possibly, thunder can attest to Johanna.
