Bacon begins with the principle that there are four grounds of human ignorance. These are "trust first, inadequate authority, secondly, that the force of habit that leads men to accept without question what has been properly accepted early in the third place, the placement of confidence in the statements of experience, and fourthly, the concealment of ignorance behind the parade of superficial knowledge, so that we are afraid to say I do not know. " 
Professor Henry Morley, a careful student of the writings of Bacon, said of these expressions of Bacon: 

No part of this ground has been cut from under the feet of students, despite six centuries have passed. 

They still make the sheep-walks of second-hand references, third and fourth and fifty of the authority; we are still slaves of habit, they are still too often these ignorant people who still shudder of the sentence fair and sound "not know" and actively accept the opinion of others that we know what we seem to know. 

In his "Opus Majus" Bacon had previously given ample evidence of his respect for the experimental method. There is a section of the paper entitled "Research experimentalis." 

This Bacon said that "without any experience can be adequately known. An argument can prove the correctness of a theory, but does not give the certainty necessary to eliminate any doubt, or the repose of the mind in clear view of the truth unless to consider its way through the experiment. "To this he added later in his" Opus Tertium " "The strongest argument proves nothing, as long as the conclusions are not verified by the experience of experimental science is the queen of the sciences, and the goal of all speculation .." 

No wonder that Dr. Whewell, in his "History of the Inductive Sciences," should have been no limits in his praise of Roger Bacon's work and writings. 

In a famous passage he says of the "Opus Majus" 

Roger Bacon's "Opus Majus" is the encyclopedia and the "Novum Organon" of the thirteenth century, a marvelous work equally with respect to its wonderful and special plan to treaties by which the outline of the plans are filled. 

In developing this plan all the main parts of science are expanded in complete form at that time had assumed, and improvements in a very wide and striking kind are proposed in some key areas of study. 

Even if the work had no leading purposes it would have been of great value as a treasure of knowledge deeper and more solid speculations of the time, but was not included details that would have been a work remarkable for their general views and scope of application. 

As a matter of fact the universities of the Middle Ages, far from neglecting science, the universities were in fact scientific. 

Since the nineteenth century universities were occupied almost exclusively to languages and specially trained minds of students through classical studies, the men of our time seem to be inclined to think that linguistic studies, form the main part of the plan studies of universities in all the old times and especially in the Middle Ages. The study of classical languages, however, entered university life only after the Renaissance. Before college students had dealt almost entirely with science
