J. Walsh, Esq., New York. Catholic Summer School Press, 110 West 74th Street, New York, Georgetown University edition. More than 100 additional illustrations and twenty-six chapters that could have been, almost 600 pages. 
Price, $ 3.50, PROF .= vacancy. William Osler, of Oxford, the delivery of the Linacre Conference at the University of Cambridge, said: "What a great son of the Church and the profession, Dr. James J. Walsh, has recently published a delightful book as the Thirteenth the greatest of centuries. 

Makes a very good case for what is called the first Renaissance. " 

The Saturday Review (London): "The volume contains a wealth of interesting data that will start a profitable train of thought in the minds of many readers." Screening for Education, said: "The title of the book by Dr. Walsh, the largest of the XIII century, will deter many readers, but respectfully recommend to his open-minded presentation of this great era. 

A century that witnessed such extraordinary achievements in architecture, arts and crafts, education, and literature and law, like the Thirteenth, not to be taken lightly or unfavorably compared with periods closer to ours. " 

The message of Pittsburgh, said, "Dr. Walsh writes infused with all the knowledge of the past, enthusiastic and friendly modern research, true academic style, with research in each line there is more to run over some of the headings subject to. feel plausible thesis. The set of facts and the clarification of their mutual relations by Dr. Walsh shows the ability of the teacher. The work of the bristles on each page with facts that may be familiar to many, but never organized earlier than in just the prospect of convincing force so clearly demonstrated. "Cardinal Moran of Sydney, Australia:" Just the kind of literature we want for English readers today. "BY THE SAME AUTHOR PRESS Fordham University MAKERS OF MODERN MEDICINE SERIES life of the men nineteenth century medical science owes most. Second Edition. New York, 1910. Net Income of $ 2.00. POPES AND Science The history of papal patronage of the sciences and especially medicine. 45th thousand. New York, 1911. net $ 2.00.
