When he married Sarah Jennings, a lady in attendence on Princess Anne and the second duaghter of the Duke of York, increased his influence and his prospects of his future. Not long after their marriage, he accompanied her father ona trip to Scotland. On the way, they were nearly shipwrecked. It was then that the Duke pledged to protect his favorites. Despite this, many Scottish nobles died under his watch.Upon his return to London in 1682, he was made him colonel of the third regiment of guards by the King. He ascended to brigadier-general in 1685 when the Duke of York became King.  

Churchill had a chance to show his miltary tact and his gratitude to his king when the Duke of Monmouth started a rebellion. He served as major-general to Lord Feversham, the commander of the forces. The campaign would be short, however. Caught off guard, the royal army was quickly overwhelmed by the rebels. Never awaken from his sleep, Feversham and his officers were caught completely off guard.
Fortunate for James II, Churchill prevented the complete rout of the royal army. By quickly organizing a counterattack, allowing for the bulk of the army to reorganize. Due to his ablilty, England was spared another regecide.

Churchill's mind, however, did foresee James II attempts to re-establish Catholicism in a very Protestant England. When the king attempted to do just that, he wrote to the monarch to point out, in firm but respectful terms, the danger of his conduct. Churchill even told the Lord of Galway, if the king's actions continued, he would resign from his post. This behaviour is unexceptable. His duty was to his country, his second duty was to his benefactor. When these duties are brought into conflict, a chivalrous man has but one option. His role is to hold his post and perform his assigned role. He must not abandon his public duty for his p If Churchill had acted on his impulses and ignored or opposed his former master, no one could anything reprehensible in his conduct.

Churchill did not act virtuous, and therefore had arisen as an ineffaceable spot on his memory. Instead of giving up his post, Churchill wisely used as a post to hurt James II rather than aid them. So far were the representations of Churchill from having inspired any doubts of his fidelity, he actively used five thousand of Prince of Orange Island against the king. At the very time that he accepted that command, he had, if we may believe his Ledyard, signed a letter, along with several other peers, addressed to the Prince of Orange, inviting him to come over, and had actually concluded with Major-General Kirk, who commanded at Axminster, a convention, for the seizure of the king and giving him up to his hostile son-in-law.
