The shilling is a coin so inseparably connected with 12 and 20, that no decimal system while getting there. Needless to say, it would remain only as a circulating currency, and not as a name in the accounts, so long as we have absolutely no doubt take note of it and her. A common exchange effects should have a coin with two cents, four cents, and maybe a seven cents, and so we will have to think about decimals. "If it's worth to alter at all," says Taylor, "we should not go all the required length, and the goal not shy to possession of a full scale both within itself, and thereby avoid an indefinite extension the purgatory of the transition?

In a change as that under review, the task of destroying an old system is much more difficult than building another, and each column must be removed before a fall. "

With regard to copper coins, there seems no hurry to disturb them.

It seems that the Dutch and French Stiver sou have kept his place despite the law. So, probably, would the English penny, and well enough as a piece of 4 millet. We fear that our poor people feel it is an attempt to demystify, were the government to withdraw the family money to replace a piece of 5 millet, as some have suggested that in order to establish a binary division of the hundred. Would undoubtedly be considered desirable, as further action, to get a more accurate copper coin, marked as a millet, millet, two, four and millet; but when you have no scruples and passed as the twelfth of a shilling of the Irish currency, which in reality is only the thirteenth, it is possible that in the meantime, use our current copper money, which differ only a twenty-fifth of the new value assigned to it - a difference of no consequence, except for holders of large amounts of the Mint who would be obliged to receive back in the carrying value when issued. These copper coins, however, should not be used beyond the value of percent, because then there would be confusion of dealing with the 100 millet in the forint, or what is popularly called strange half-cent each shilling.

For the same reason, the adjustment of prices to be fair, must be calculated to lower the pound and the guilder, not up from the penny. Therefore, if a worker's wages were 1s. 3d. one day, his employer is not to say that 15 is 60 pence farthings - that is, six cents, but 1s.

3d. is five-eighths of a florin, which amount to about 6 cents two millet.

This is the plan that has been officially set for a decimal currency, and the measures needed to carry it out.

The scheme has only been seen that differs substantially from that is that of Mr. H. Norton.

We select the highest denomination of half of the sovereign, and proposed to call a duchy.

The shilling, as now in use, then it would be the second name, third, he proposes, must be a hundred, equivalent to about a penny 1-1/5th, which, he says, would be fairly represented by our large unmilled coins, if you just named, the name of room to be a 'rap', a tenth of percent and just under half a penny.

The alleged advantage in favor of this scale would be much more likely than the other to ensure the general approval.

The removal of the pound, he says, affects mainly the upper class and educated, leaving the shilling, which is the staple and standard for the masses, and the last penny, with slight alteration, accompanied by the complete elimination of the former .

It is also said that a half-cent piece would be a great benefit to the poor, especially in Ireland. The circumstances alleged in the recommendation of this scale, as it seems to us to be their shortcomings. The continued currency of the poor does not seem a big help if you are there would be only ten of them for a shilling, especially as many small objects that were a penny above would probably be a penny yet, no dealers find it convenient to adjust the fraction.

I well remember the discontent of the poorer classes of Ireland in matching the currency in 1825.

So far, native silver coins had been 5d. and 10d. pieces, a British shilling was one of thirteen cents, and a wreath, 2s. 8-1/2d. This half-crown was the usual breakfast of money from officials of men - that is, your weekly allowance to buy everything except the dinner. When the server now went to the traveling salesman, and has, as usual, 6d. the value of bread 9d. value area, 4d. the value of sugar, and 5d. the value of the butter, there was only 6d. exchange to buy a loaf of bread in the middle of the week, instead of 8-1/2d., which used to pay, we will not say what, beyond.
