Talbot vowed vengeance on the French after the death of Salisbury. Further, he said that beholding the towns burn, he will play nero-like on the lute. 


First part of King Henry VI created a little doubt that who would had seen the mysterious play of the Siege of Orleans acted in the small town. Now, the question arises about who would had written that first part of play. But the other side, there is no doubt that Shakespeare had studied both Hall's & Holinshed's chronicles. Joan of Arc, a former styled suggested for a monstrous woman & why ring not the bells throughout the town.We are not doubting our poet who already delineated French heroine of all time (this was the description for her in Hall and in Holinshed). 

To add to our belief, he left the play after written by him originally, by Greene. Poet skill really remembered after the fifth act, where Joan was represented as magician and the grotesqueness of the author passed the limits of burlesque. 

In Shakespeare, unpoetical / untrue rare. Under Shakespeare brand, one of the early his historical play referred the passages to the Maid of Orleans for his freely blotted. 

After renaissance brought in in French for singing of Joan of Arc, next to mysterious play of Siege of Orleans, the other literary work for the Jesuit priest named Fronton du Duc, was also there. 

There was one another tragedy which appeared in the beginning of Seventeenth century by a Normal squire named Virey. The title was made as Jeanne D'Arques dite la Pucelle d'Orleans. This was published at Rouen in 1600. 

Then, one another tragedy under same subject appeared in 1642. This was written by Abbé d'Aubigna. 

Subsequently, was Chapelain's heroic poem. This was published in 1656. Name was given as La Pucelle.

Although great things were expected from this poem, after long waiting of thirty years, it fell flat. This ridiculous poem ignited an idea of Voltaire.

That Voltaire also not created any credit to him rather ashame only.

With the slight repair for his name, he wrote Joan of Arc in his Essai sur les moeurs et l'espriti des natives. Here heroine built altars (on those days these altars were erected by primitive men for their liberators).

Southey, a person referred about Voltaire's as that he did not do any crime by reading it.

Still to say, Voltaire definetely created more harm to himself by made him to write his poem La Pucelle than for the memory of Maid of Orleans. This one showed to the world that amount of deparvity mixed up in this shrewd min and how it weakened the genius.
