Before taking part in the sacred feasts, a special purification rite was necessary. The rite was called "e-ne-pee" which was a type of vapor bath.

This vapor bath was like a gala day at the spa, more or less, if your idea of a day at the spa consists of sweating until you nearly suffocate. 
The way this purification rite was attained was by assembling a sweat house on site.  

To assemble the sweat house a frame was made of flexible poles. Both ends of the pole were poked into the ground, forming a sort of "U" shape, over which blankets and robes were draped.  One side was left open so people could get inside.It was a small entrance and could be closed so that the steam wouldn't escape.

Once the sweat house had been assembled, they made a fire near it and heated rocks in the fire.
The rocks were good-sized, somewhere between the size of a football and a basketball. A round rock was preferred because when the rocks were hot, they had to be transferred into the purification tent or sweat house and it's easier to roll a round hot rock than carry it.

After the hot rocks were moved in, someone poured water on to them, producing steam.  Enjoying this happy atmosphere the person engaging in the rite sat within the tent, sweating heavily.  He may have felt like passing out from the thick heat.  There would have been encouraging songs and prayers made. Sometimes the procedure involved more than one person sweating in the tent.

One clergyman who endured the purification ritual a couple hundred years ago said that he felt no harm from it, even though he had been sweated three times in one week. The man, named Hennepin, believed that this treatment performed by medicine men of the tribe had possibly done him some good remarking, "I felt as strong as ever."

These sweat houses were an important religious feature in the Dakota tribes who lived in the area we now call Minnesota. It was more than a trip to the health spa for the people at that time; there was religious or magical significance to it, beyond mere mundane cleansing.  Since it was so important to do the purification correctly, only certain animal skins could be used.
