Hee that doth moderate remisly affect anything, can be stile Philemon, a lover, which seriously or extreamely, Zealot, a zealot, that all the objects of their affections, is excessive and passionate ready, love is forever earnest, eager desires, pleasures charming, his longing for hope, their mortal hatred, the fury of his anger, his deep Greef, its terrible Feare. The Hebrew manifest these intentions with the doubling of the word. This is the nature of zeal in generall, Christian zeal that high desire onely to speake, differs from Carnall and worldly passions, especially in the causes and objects. 
This is a heate spirituall wrought in the heart of man by the Holy Spirit affects improoving good of love, joy, hope, & c. for the best service and the promotion of the glory of God, with all the accessories of the same, his words, his home, his saints and the salvation of souls: using the opposite of hatred, anger, Greef, & c as many mastives flie in the throat of the enemies of God, the Devil, his angels, Sinne the world with the desires of them. 

Virtue by a fan can wherof runner through all his affections, and David, ZEAL breath of each tube, so a taste; 

[Side note: Love Psalm.] 

How I love your law range (Lord) rather than combe Hony Hony or more of thousands of silver and gold! 

[Sidenote: hate.] 

Hate your enemies with a perfect hatred. 

[Sidenote:. Joy] Your testimonies are my delight: I Rejoyce more on them, then those big spoyles weekend, more than in my food appoynted.

[Footnote: Grief.] 

My eyes teared rivers spring. 

Oh, that my head were a fountain of tears, because they destroy your law. 

[Side note: hope.] 

My eyes are dimmer wayting: How long to end your salvation? 

[Footnote: Feare.] 

thy judgments are terrible, I shudder and quake, etc. 

Look what happened to the bestower of affection naturall man his dear love, how insatiable thirst for worldly greed in Mammon, the ambitious on his honor, his voluptuous pleasure, and the same struggle, Christians in equall, yea (if possible) than tearmes farre CONFERRE convert and God and worship. 

In Briefe, crevise to open a little more light, and to give a glimpse of heat: Zeal is the Soule, that spirits are to Bodie, wine, spirits, putting the strength and agility on them. 

Where does that elegant antithesis of Scripture. Bee not drunk with wine where Excess ", but be filled with the Spirit. 

Sidenote [: Ser 41. Can. 49.] 

[Footnote: Acts 2.] 

Sayd Christ is to bring her husband in the cellar: Simily often delighting Bernard repeat, in two or three sermons interpreted a measure of speciall zeal inspired by his church. 

Therefore (said hee) Christ led his disciples on the winery on the day of Pentecost and filled, and the house with zeal as he left Giants updated as wine, and it seemed that people must Drunk men . 

Sidenote [: Heb. 1. 7.] 

It is the Soule, like the wings of foule: this is also an emblem photo Scripture Angels with wings, as the curtains of the temple, and in the visions of Revelation, in token of his ardent and zealous execution the will of God, where have their name Serafin, hee maketh his ministers a flame of fire. 

For this fire and the wings, the desire to imitate the Lords prayer, there is nothing in us to respond, but our zeal, as the coach Wheeler: that makes no Expert Group, but the wayes of Commandements runner gods, and so we Runner obtain. 

As Sail to the ship, and Wind to Sail, referred to by the phrase so often in Scripture, Plerophoria. 

As Souldier value, tempered horse, the dust of the earth, which will bring much fruit, yes a hundred times: sparkle to every creature. To conclude this, this is the celestial fire which was the shadow out to us that item compared Poore and miserable rudiment, the fire (I Mean) of the required use of the law, rather than to be love, the Lord had come down from heaven, which could cause the sacrifices to rise againe there, like a sweet incense to the Lord, without which no sacrifice was acceptable.
