There are two ways of acting. Either a person behaves in a moderate way toward those people or values he holds in high regard or he behaves immoderately. 

We can call the former sort of lover, Philemon, while the latter can be named Zelotes. The lover called Zelotes experiences and expresses all his emotions in an extreme way. The term zealot arises from the name Zelotes.

The ardor expressed by a zealot can be directed in many ways, but the type of zeal I wish to discuss is that of the Christian. The difference between Christian zeal and non-Christian zeal has nothing to do with degree of feeling. It is the difference between spiritual and carnal. The Christian's zeal is caused by and directed toward spiritual objects, not worldly ones.

What causes this spiritual heat? The Holy Ghost affords this wonderful fire by offering gifts of the spirit. All good affections such as love, joy, hope, and any other positive behavior stem from God Himself. These goods also attach to the church, devout church members and their true beliefs. Negative emotions and actions such as hate, anger,lust, and grief come from Satan and his minions who together work to discourage God's people while they are in the world.

A person filled with the Holy Ghost, however, has a saving breath that destroys Satan's attempts to choke the life from his body and soul. One example of this is from the Old Testament. David was besought many times by temptations and succumbed to sins, but repented and changed his death seeking behvior. When David directed himself toward the true ways of God, he was filled with the Holy Spirit and God smiled on him, forgiving him his errors.

In the Psalms we read that loving the Law of God is sweeter than the taste of honey and more valuable than any income imaginable. One type of hatred is permisable to a Christian zealot: that of despising any actions of the enemies of God.

The word of God is such a delight to a zealot that it is a treasure beyond all others. Even food loses appeal compared with the joy of knowing God's truth.
Any act that works against the Law of God brings terrible sorrow to a Christian zealot. A person who loves the ways of God is not ashamed to cry out with his voice and show tears of real anguish running down his face when people flaunt worldly behavior inspired by Satan.

The Christian zealot has much hope and conversely great respect for the judgments of the Lord. The enthusiasm a worldly person shows for sports, Hollywood entertainment, or the display of status and income is cleansed by holy fire in the zealot. The true Christian has loves that are deep and firey, directed toward not trivial objects of the world, but eternal values. When a person's heart and mind are focused on Jesus, other goal pale in comparison.

Zeal is the wholesome intoxicating liquor of the soul. People filled with the Holy Ghost are frequently compared with drunkards.

On the day of Pentecost when the disciples of Jesus experienced the Holy Ghost and spoke in other tongues, people mocked them, believing that the disciples had been hitting the bottle. Instead their bouyant spirits were affected by the sweet joy of the infilling of the Holy Ghost.

The Holy Spirit is like the wings of a bird which give flight to the soul. Angels are often shown with wings. This is an attempt to show how the grace and speed of holiness can affect a person.
 
Many comparisons come to my mind regarding Christian zeal. Zeal is as necessary to a believer as wings to a bird, wheels to a chariot, courage to a soldier, or temperament to a racehorse. Even as the earth itself requires rich soil to allow crops to flourish, the believer needs the nourishment of the Holy Ghost and zeal is what prompts a person to seek it.

A zealous person will take his sins to altar, sacrifice them at no loss to himself, burning them like incense to the one high Creator, who lovingly offers His true Spirit in return. The true Christian's heart burns with the fire of holy zeal.
