[Note 14: Noer, I, 429. 
The second invention, however, is questioned by Buchwald.] 

(II, 372) due to the "Guns of body" called that were in use in Europe and in the 15th century. 

The details I have given is sufficient to show that the perfection of civil and military administration achieved through efforts to Akbar. 

During the rule of his order and justice and prosperity reigned hitherto unknown. 

Although taxes were never less oppressive in India during the reign of Akbar, the imperial income for one year amounted to over $ 120,000,000, a sum which he marveled contemporary Europe, and we must consider in light much greater purchasing power of money in the sixteenth century. [15] A large part of Akbar's revenue was used in the construction of charities, of inns along country roads where the passengers were treated at imperial expense, in support of the poor, gifts for pilgrims, in granting loans for which payment was never demanded, and many other similar forms. For promotion of the schools, literature, art and science I will refer later. 

[Note 15: Noer, I, 439.] 

Of decided importance to the success of Akbar was his sponsorship of the native population. 

He did not limit its efforts to clarify the fate of Indian subjugation and relieve the heavy burdens, their efforts were more profound. 

Wanted to educate Muslims and Hindus to a feeling of mutual goodwill and trust, and in so doing was forced to confront in a case against excessive pride and ambition, and the other against the hatred and mistrust reserve. 

If this purpose actually in favor of the Hindus by keeping certain people close to him and move to the most influential positions in the state, that he or she was found with the characteristics of the Hindus (especially in its most noble race, Rajputs) that seemed more valuable to the stability of the empire and to promote the general welfare. 

He had seen enough in the absence of Muslim faith and noble in their own relatives. Moreover, Akbar was born in the house of a small Rajput prince who had shown hospitality to Akbar's parents in their flight and had given them protection. 

The Rajputs are descendants of the ancient warrior race of India and is a brave, chivalrous people, worthy of trust who have a love of freedom and pride of race very different in character from the rest of the Hindus.
