[Footnot 14: Noer, I, 429.

However, Buchwald questioned the second invention.]

(II,372) because of what is referred to as "organ cannons" used in Europe as early as the 15th century.

The details given will suffice in demonstrating the perfection attained in military and civil administration through Akbar's efforts.

Justice and order reigned throughout his empire and a prosperity hitherto unknown.

Even though taxes were never more restricting in India than under the reign of Akbar, the imperial income of a year was worth more than $120,000,000. Such a sum was considered impressive by contemporary Europe, a fact which is particularly impressive especially considering the level of purchasing power in the sixteenth century. [15] Most of Akbar's income was used in the construction of benevolent institutions, inns on country roads which entertained travelers at imperial expense, support for the poor, gifts given to pilgrims, granting loans in scenarios where payment was never demanded and in other similar types of uses. I will discuss later on his encouragement of art, literature, schools and science.

[Footnote 15: Noer, I, 439.]

Akbar's patronage of the native population is significant to his success.

His effots weren't limited to merely lightening the lot of the subjugated Hindus or to relieving Hindus of constricting burdens.

Akbar wanted to educate the Mohammedans and Hindus of the feelings of good-will and confidence, obliging him to contend in the one case against inordinate ambition and haughtiness, and in the other case against distrustful reserve and hate.

In this point of view he actually favored Hindus even keeping desired ones nearby and putting them into high powered positions in the state. He found characteristics of the Hindus (particularly the Rajputs) valuable to the stability of the empire and useful to the promotion of the general welfare.

The faithlessness of the Mohammedan nobles and even his own relatives gave his this view. Also, futhering his interest he was born in the home of a Rajput prince who had offered protection and been very hospitale to Akbar's parents.

Rajputs are descended from an ancient Indian warrior race and are seen as brave, chivalrous, trustworthy and possess a love of freedom, pride of race. All of which are quite different in character from other Hindus.
