In the recurrent periods of conscious thought going through the list of things I know for a fact I have - rheumatic fever, sciatica, lumbago, toothache, neuritis, neuralgia, bronchitis, laryngitis, tonsillitis, gastritis, colds of various types, heart disease and inflammation (or, possibly, congestion) of the lungs. 
I think a little more today, if my nurse left me alone and do not care to continue with its "Just drink this." Annoy Women! Why not get off the ground? What is the use of my dirty swallow the medicine man when he does not know what's wrong with me? 

I hate everyone and everything, especially the quilt quilts, which rises in slow waves in front of my eyes and threatens to engulf me. When in a paroxysm of rage I suddenly threw it into the ground, is still swollen, and seems to read to me. 

There is something sinister and German fat and about quilt. Never noticed before. Two hundred German Eider-low! 

The firelight flickers eerily through the room and I try to count the shadows. 

But before I know the answer - HUNDRED. 

I drift into a nightmare of two hundred cabbages hard I'm trying to plant in my new contract, in a hard fate forced me to dig and dig and dig, and as a natural consequence, also of pain and pain and ACHE . 

PHASE II. 

I can stand with help from the bed post and totter weakly to a chair by the fire, where I am in a robe and mourn. 

Why? I could not say, except that it seems fit and the right thing to do. 

I'm still of the opinion that I am not long for this world, and my favorite occupation at present is by counting the number of wreaths that could rightly expect to have sent to my funeral. 

Do not tell my nurse, who immediately try to "cheer" to talk about me or give me a magazine in sight. 

And I would have preferred to have wreaths. The Smiths, probably would not be able to afford one .... 

My thoughts are distracted by the sudden appearance of a small meal. 

I start to get interested in these small meals, which are of frequent occurrence in such a way that I am to mourn again, this time in the thinking of the extra costs I'm doing. 

And all for nothing. Why not save the money for crowns? 

The doctor comes while I'm swallowing my egg, miserably but with a particular taste, and I dry my eyes as quickly as I hear him jumping down the stairs. 

"Hello," he said aloud before he is by the door, how are we today, eh? 

From sit up and take notice? I think we will change the medicine. " 

"I think," I remark, with resignation, "it will be better for someone to dig a hole and bury me." 

"Jolly good idea," he agrees heartily. "In fact, why not do for us? Please Germans as well. 

But you can not do, you know - there is no shortage of gravediggers. " 

Heartless brute! 

* * * * * 

* * * * * 

"In determining the five days potatoless hope is entertained that the supplies, which are the odor, leaving people poorer than they need." - Daily Chronicle. 

This explains the observation of Irish week protested that it was not proved yet, "the smell of a potato." 

* * * * * 

"It will take years to clean the Aegean stables." - Civil and Military Gazette. 

However, M. VENEZELOS has made a good start with Samos, Lemnos and several other Osses. 

* * * * * 

In the report of a ban Peebles: - 

"A nice addition, and most enjoyable was a series of lantern slides depicting the ravages of the Huns in Belgium." - Peebleshire advertiser. 

Remains "Peebles for pleasure" at any price. 

* * * * * 

* * * * * 

Hindenburg Line. 

In our earnest effort to discover exactly where impregnable barrier is likely to find that we have compiled the following references to it in the German press in the coming months: - 

... Our troops, according to the plan, are operating east of the Cordillera de Vimy, where the fighting is taking the right direction for us. We have succeeded in restoring a voluntary elasticity condition prior to the occupation of the famous Hindenburg line, which includes Douai, San Quentin and La Fere. 

... Our actions in the rear, east of SanQuentin are being developed in accordance with our dreams, our troops, after his brief respite from the call Wotan line, showing its capability in a fast-moving war. The British are questioning puzzled by the resurgence of fluency in the front.
