We hold that every man behaves awkwardly when you're in love, and the lack of one is a presumption of absence of the other. When people are very committed, it is perhaps less of this object directly, but there is still much of it in his presence, but it is wonderful how soon the most nervous to be easy when the marriage took place all their hopes. delicate girl! only just emerging in feminine beauty, whose heart for the last ten minutes, was shaking behind the wall of snow in your heart just and beautiful, you never said and laughed a tall, long-will pin for honte mauvaise with which hand you your cup half Souchong watered? Laugh not at him again, because surely be your husband. 
Love, when it succeeds well enough, and perhaps has treasures of its own to compensate for its drawbacks; but a more miserable than a miserable person before the altar, it is at the heart of man to conceive. First, he left alone with a male partner for the long hall, which this time seems quite endless, and then you meet your future partner satin dresses and white ribbons, to whom you're sure to fulfill dresses gingham or calico prints, each morning of your life forever. There, with the support of her father, wearing his old brown coat, a wig the same color, very well to relieve redness burning their huge protruding ears, and mother, swollen as a cover to strengthen , encouraging the girl trembling, and join her aunts inaugural total of fifty, in saying that their value, because that's what everyone should come. Bride's-bred and friends together constitute the enterprise; and there, standing before this body, to nod to all that the priest, or, if sufficiently rich, the rector, or dean, may say, showing her legs in X in the blank kerseymeres naked deformity , to an admiring group of servants of both families, laughter and giggles planter bench in the gallery. Then the separation - the commandments of the mother of the bride herself under the cold call, and write within the week. The investigations of the maiden aunt, of, "My dear, have you forgotten anything?" - Shake hands, cleaning and a wink! By Hercules - no more than a most unpleasant situation in this world, and which is bidding farewell to his friends, the ordinary and jailer, preparatory to swinging from the end of her rope. 

Madame all this time does not seem half so clumsy. She has her gown to keep the wrinkles, playing with vinaigrette; furthermore, for all his nervousness is interesting and feminine, and is set to the score of delicacy and reserve. 

Blackwood's Magazine. 

* * * * * 

MANNERS AND CUSTOMS OF ALL NATIONS. 

Curious Chinese customs. 

(From the Register of Canton, the first English newspaper in China). 

BURIAL.
