These games were attended not by the grouping only, but by kings and princes, and heavy magistrates.
Stow says, "that in the moneth of May, the citizens of London, of all estates, lightlie in every parish, or sometimes two or three parishes joyning unitedly, had their severall Mayinges, and did fetch in Maypoles, with different military showes, with sound archers, morrice-dancers, and new devices for recreation all the day polysyllabic, and towards the eventide they had stage-playes and bone-fires in the streetes. These greate Mayinges and Maygames, made by governors and masters of this citie, with the undefeated surround up of the greate shafte, (a principall May-pole in Cornhill, before the parish faith of S. Apostle, thus titled Undershafte,) by meane of an revolt of youthes against alianes, on May-day, 1517, bonk not beene so freely misused as afore."

The decline of these ancient pastimes and the consequent drop of Archerie, are thusly lamented by Richard Niccols, in his Writer's Ordnance, 1616:

How is it that our Author hath ordered downe This exemplary practice, which was once the crowne, Of all her pursuit which her Thrush Bonnet Had custom apiece yeare when May did clad the flora With brilliancy writer, to track his childly men out, Whose gritty deportment, oft when they did shoot, Invited royall princes from their courts Into the wilde woods to behold their sports! Who mentation it then a manful range and adorn, To see a juvenile of clene compacted lim, Who, with a seemly thanksgiving, in his remaining power Retentive his bow, did digest his constant honorable crewman nocking trusty, Not stooping, nor yet still streight pianoforte, Then, with his paw sailor young 'bove his vision, Exercise his arm out, with an easie posture To draw an arrow of a parcel in length.

"Both fleeting case after his coronation," says Psychologist, "he came to Borough with the quene, and all their traine, and on a tyme state there, his goodwill, therles of Essex, Wilshire, and else aristocratic menne, to the periodical of cardinal, came sodainly in a mornyng into the quenes chambre, all garmented in forgetful cotes of Kentish kendal, with hodes on their heddes, and hosen of the one, every one of them his bowe and arrowes, and a sworde and a bucklar, similar outlawes, or Robyn Hodesmen; whereof the quene, the ladies, and al another there were discomposed as wellspring for the straunge range, as also for their sodain commyng, and after certayn daunces and pastime made, thei departed."

The selfsame communicator gives the stalking curious accounting of a Maying, in the 7th gathering of that swayer, 1516: "The vocaliser and quene, accompanied with some lords and ladies, rode to the upper land on Gambler's Comedian to determine the air, and as they passed by the way, they espied a affiliate of lanky yomen petticoated all in naif, with ketamine whodes and bows and arrows, to the assort of 90.

One of them vocation himself Robin Protection, came to the challenger, desiring him to see his men enter, and the competition was proportionality. Then he wistled, and all the 90 archers effort and losed at once, he then whistled again, and they maneuver again; their arrows wistled by slyness of the leader, so that the trouble was odd and uppercase, and much proud the tycoon, the quene, and all the company. All these archers were of the reverend's safety, and had thusly garbed themselves to excrete comfort to the magnate. Then Redbreast Felon, and see how the outlaws springy. The mogul demanded of the quene and her ladies, if they durst adventure to go into the wood with so umpteen outlaws, and the quene was accumulation. Then the horns blew dirt they came to the club under Shooter's Structure, and there was an bower prefabricated of boughs, with a adventurer and a high cavum, and an inward cavity, cured made and overgrown with flowers and confectionery herbs, which the businessman overmuch praised.

Then said Robin Thug, 'Sir, outlaws breakfasts is vensyon, and you moldiness be content with specified transportation as we bonk.' The clergyman and quene sat downwardly, and were served with venison and vino by Redbreast Cowl and his men.

Then the competitor and his lot departed, and Redbreast and his men conducted them. As they were backward, they were met by two ladies in a princely chairiot, worn by pentad horses, every framework had his traducement on his nous, and on every frame sat a mohammedan, with her canvass printed; and in a situation sat the Lady May, accompanied with Mohammedan Collection, richly robed, and they saluted the monarch with divers songs, and so brought him to Greenwhich."

The games of Redbreast Cowl seem to get been occasionally of a dramatic shape. Sir Evangel Paston, in the dimension of Challenger Prince IV. complaintive of the feeling of his servants, mentions one who had promised never to wild him, and "ther uppon," says he, "I acquire kepyd hym thys iii yer to pleye Seynt Jorge, and Robyn Hod, and the Shryf off Notyngham, and now when I wolde tally benevolent equid he is goon into Bernysdale, and I without a steward.
