These games were not heeded by the people, but kings and princes, and magistrates grave. 
Stow says, "that in the moneth of May, the citizens of London, of all farms, lightlie in each parish, or sometimes two or three parishes joyning together, had their severall Mayinga and not look at the May, showes military divers, with good archers, Morrice dancers, and other devices for pastime all day, and towards evening they had stage playes and bone fires in the street. These Mayinga Greate and Maygames, made by governors and teachers of this cities, with the triumph of the creation of the Greate shaft, (a May pole principall Cornhill, at the parish church of St. Andrew Undershaft so called,) by Meane of an insurrection against Young May-Allard day of 1517, Beene not so freely used as before. " 

The disuse of these ancient pastimes and the consequent abandonment Archerie are therefore Niccols Richard lamented in his artillery, London, 1616: 

How is it that our London has established Downe This practice of dignity, which was once the crowne, all your hobby that Robin Hood had custom every yeare May when Greene coating machines with brightness, to lead his young men After all, who is courageous behavior, often when I shot, Royall chief guest of its courts in the forest wilde to see your sport! Who would have thought then a male vision and seat, to see a clean young clen compacted, who, with a beautiful grace in his left hand holds the bow, took a firm position, Marco his left leg a bit foorth before, his right hand arrow nocking sure not to bend, not even standing close, then with the left hand bit, "Bove's view, extends his arm, with a degree Easie To draw an arrow from a meter length. 

"There is little time after his coronation," says Hall, "he came to Westminster to the flute, and all his traine, and a Tyme being there, grace, therles of Essex, Wilshire and other nobles Menne, the number of twelve years, came at a sodainly mornyng in Queñes chambre, in all apparel short cotes Kendal Kent, with Hodes in Hedda, and trousers of the same, each of them to Bowe and arrow and a sword and a buckler, like Outlaw, or Robyn Hodesmen; whereof the flute, the ladies, and the other did not lose his head, as well as straunge view, as well as its commyng sodain, and after daunce certayn and pastime made, thei game. " 

The same author gives the following curious of Maying, in 7 of the king, 1516: "The King and flute, accompanied by many lords and ladies, rode to the high ground in Shooter's Hill to take the air, and pass through the road, he saw a company of high yomen green dress with green whod and bows and arrows, with the number 90. 

One calls himself Robin Hood, came to the king, begging him to see his men shoot, and the king was happy. Then wistled, and all 90 archers shot and losed at a time, then whistled again, and fired again, his arrows wistled of buildings on the head, so that the noise was strange and great, and pleased the king, the flute, and all of the company. All these were the archers of the king's guard, and had therefore apparel to comfort the king. Then Robin Hood desired the king and quen-enter the forest green, and see how the outlaws live. The king asked the flute and her ladies, if they dared to venture out into the forest with many outlaws, and was happy Quene. Then the horns blew till they came to the wood in Shooter's Hill, and there was a tree made of branches, with one room and a large hall and an inner chamber, well made and covered with flowers and sweet herbs, which the king much praised. 

Then Robin Hood said, "Lord, breakfast outlaw is vensyon, and be content with the rate as we have." The king and quen sat down, and served with venison and wine by Robin Hood and his men.

Then the king and his entourage left, and Robin and his men took place. When they returned, they found two women in a rich chairiot, drawn by five horses, each horse had its name on the head, and every horse sat a lady, with your name, and a chair was Mrs. May , accompanied by Lady Flora, richly apparel, and greeted the king with divers songs, so they took him to Greenwich. " 

Robin Hood games sometimes seems to have been a spectacular cast. Sir John Paston, at the time of King Edward IV. complaining of the ingratitude of his servants, mentioned that he had promised not to leave, and "uppon there," he says, "I kepyd thys yer III pley Seynt Hym Jorge and Robyn Hod and the Shryf out Notyngham, and now when Wolde have good horse is Bernysdale bully, and I without a guardian. "
