Huxley instructs us to keep our mouths shut! Well, that is grand. It correllates so wonderfully with free thought and free speech.

An evolutionist can be spreading himself about the preachers of religion knowing nothing in science, while another is saying to the "leave science alone", while still another says "you can't rear the building if you try; you don't know enough."

What a grand harmony. We theologians advocate that natural selection be present with such instructors as thus advise us, and continue among them long enough to atleast reject the worst from the crowd and give us a blessing in the form of survival of the fittest because we would like to know our duties.

So much for liberalism and broad principles.

Monistic materialism, according to Hæckel, finds its primeval parent in a moneron - a creature of one substance; a semialbuminous fluid. On would find it very interesting to know just how all the different substances got in, in order to get out, of all the creatures of this earth; for involution lies behind evolution. Conversely, we theologians have "no right to be heard"? While Mr. Hæckel has set aside intuitive, first truths; and as all axiomatic truths are of this class, perhaps it's wrong for us to bother you with our logic.

Regardless, we can't avoid speaking our piece, because we are advocates of free thought and free speech.

There was a time when life and organisms began to exist upon our planet. Where did they come from? How did they come? The "high priest" of Germany, who says he's entitled to a hearing, says they appeared by "spontaneous" generation they first appeared in the "Monera".

He says "Only such homogeneous organizations as are yet not differentiated and are similar to the inorganic crystals in being homogeneously composed of one single substance, could arise by spontaneous generation, and could become the primeval parents of all other organisms."

This is Hæckel's seed of life.

Has it always existed? Are "moneron" and "eternal life germ" synonymous? Undoubtedly no. Hæckel does not propose to advocate an idea like this, nor does Darwin. Similarly do they doubt the idea of such "life-germs" existing continuously. "Life-germs" are material organisms; they must be either alive or dead. We know that there was no period in all of history when a "life-germ" would not be subject to death.

Spontaneous generation and the notion that "life-germs" always existed are mutually exlusive. They additionally fly in the face of the doctrine that all life was borne by God. God, the eternal, invincible spirit. All Christians profess that there is no life without antecedent life. Men preferring to deify "life-germs" are free to do so. We have no willingness to accept a distinction without a difference, however. Except for the sacrifice of our common sense. It's more rational to believe in an indefinite intelligence as the source of the original "life-germ", of intelligence, and of moral nature. 

Did life evolve all the forms of organic life know to walk the face of the earth? The enduring "life-germ" idea of materialistic philosophy is not conducive to the beliefs of evolutionists. 

There exists only one gentleman, at the time of this writing, that it does represent.
