From Boston the tramp had rolled its way around the Horn to San Francisco and again with regard to Rio de Janeiro, when Captain Enoch received his first mail from home. A travel document dyeing, calligraphy taking tight Abner Crowell, threw the captain into a sudden panic. 
"I do not know whether to open it or not," he discussed with nervousness. "I want to know what is in it, an 'I fear I have to find out. 

I'm a good mind to throw it overboard and forget that I have ever. " 

Curiosity finally overcame his fear. The letter was encouraging shortly. 

"'Dere Enoch," he read. "" I wonder what blew 'out of the way you did to. Abner Crowell. "PS Mrs. Crowell send your respecks, and Miss Macy Melissa your concerns, if you want 'em. AC " 

"PS Number two. Everything you need, Enoch Burgess, is about ten inches in his ears. CA" 

"Miss Melissa Macy '" repeated the Captain Enoch. "He would have said the señoraPeters, if she was married." 

The captain stood up and rushed on deck. A boat was leaving the vapor side, the companion placidly sitting under an awning. 

"Hey, wait," the captain roared wildly. "I'm gonna git our settlement documents," he shouted, as the astonished mate ordered the ship back. 

"I'm not going to hang around here waiting for a pot lazy to git a cargo of coffee on board do not care if there is no coffee in the world. People can drink tea. 

I'm going home as fast as steam can carry me. " 

The lights began to shine in the homes of Mapleville when the captain came at the end of his long journey. Tempting a brilliant career stretched from the windows of Melissa to the door and the captain continued with enthusiasm. 

Back of crimson geraniums and the canary's cage could see Melissa sitting on a low table. The yellow cat took the big rocker. Everything was so nice and the home as a lump in the throat of the captain. Decided to steal quietly to surprise and Melissa. But at the door, stopped as suddenly as if he had been shot. A deep bass voice speaking words that sounded strangely familiar. 

"" My dear and esteemed lady, '"he heard. Cautela that tiptoed down the hall. A phonograph on the table in front of Melissa. When leaning forward the proposal" a dignified and refined lady "came to an end. 

Melissa put her arms tenderly on the bright horn phonograph and kissed! 

The vision was too much for the captain. With a leap, cleared the threshold and into the cozy living room. 

"M'lissy Macy's, said boldly: "I will not lose out" on a phonograph kissing old when I'm here. 

Where is that record, M'lissy? He asked at last.

Melissa blushed sweetly. 

"My 'Crowell've heard and I said it was practisin" how to propose and, after you left, I went looking for each of the records, "Melissa admitted. 

"I played 'em over and over again, even" damn it! "One. 

I know that the proposed memory. " 

"Me too," replied the captain gravely Enoch, as he saved another kiss. "I be'n an old putty reg'lar head," frankly admitted relentless, "but I promise that I teach, I would learn a lot more memory." 

"I will do my best," promised Melissa maliciously. 

BY PHONE 

CHASE EM 

Weather - Very recently. 

Place - An apartment in Back Bay. 

"Bessie Lane, where in the world it falls?" 

"The station now and I'm very tired. 

"I have nothing to eat, but you take off while I attend to wrap things up." 

"No, I ordered a delicious lunch and will be here in fifteen or twenty minutes. What most useful thing a phone." 

"Oh, yes, very practical." 

"Why the sarcasm, my dear Bessie?" 

"You seem to forget that I live in the country."

"But not out of reach" phones, Bessie. "
