Richard Cromwell carried himself discreetly in his new job, and was accepted by the European Powers as well as England.  

On January 17, 1659, a Parliament was assembled to recognise the new Protector.  However, the republican minority, which was headed by Vane and Haselrig, joined with the officers of the army, which was headed by Desborough, Lambert, and Fleetwood, to force him to dissolve Parliament on April 22, 1659.

Supporters of the Protector advised him to fight back, but he replied, "I will not have a drop of blood spilt for the preservation of my greatness, which is a burden to me."  

On May, 1659, he signed a formal abdication, and in return, the restored Rump became responsible for the discharge of his debts. 

After the Restoration, Richard Cromwell fled to Europe, where he remained for many years, but finally returned to England in 1680.  Some of his property was restored to him upon his return.  He died in Cheshunt, Hertfordshire, in 1712. 

The only way to establish a settled form of government and to save the country from military despotism seemed to be in the restoration of the monarchy.  Therefore, due to the work of General Monk, Charles, the son of Charles I, and Henrietta Maria, Richard Cromwell was invited to return to England.  

He responded at once, and entered London in triumph as Charles II, on May 29, 1660, signed the declaration of Breda.  By this declaration, the King provided for a free and general pardon to all "who within forty days after the publishing hereof shall lay hold upon this our grace and favour, and shall by any public act declare their doing so,"  except such as the Parliament of both houses should except.

[69] "Works of Ben Jonson."

[70] "Fantasticks," 1626

[71] "History of the English People."

[72] "Year Book."

[73] "Fiddlers."

[74] "An allusion to the Christmas money-box, made of earthenware which had to be broken in order to obtain the money it held.

When Lads and Lasses take delight, together for to be; They pass away the Winter night, and live most merrily.

To the tune of, Hey boys up go we.

Come, come my roaring ranting boys lets never be cast down, We' never mind the female toys, but Loyal be to th' Crown:  We'l never break our hearts with care, nor be cast down with fear, Our bellys then let us prepare to drink some Christmas Beer.

Then here's a health to Charles our King, throughout the world admir'd, Let us his great applauses sing, that we so much desir'd, And wisht amongst us for to reign, when Oliver rul'd here, But since he's home return'd again, come fill some Christmas Beer. 

These holidays we'l briskly drink, all mirth we will devise, No Treason we will speak or think, then bring us brave minc'd pies Roast Beef and brave Plum porridge, our Loyal hearts to chear, Then prithee make no more ado, but bring us Christmas Beer.

[In these Times all the Spits were sparkling the Hackin must be boiled by Daybreak or else two young Men took the Maiden by the Arms and run her round the Market Place till she was ashamed of her laziness. -- Round about our Coal Fire or Christmas Entertainments published in 1740.]

Many popular songs of this time discuss the  decline of Christmas celebrations during the time of the Commonwealth, and some of them contrast the present with former celebrations.

In a ballad called "The Old and Young Courtier," printed in 1670, which compared the times of Queen Elizabeth with those of her successors, the fifth and twelfth verses contain the following parallel respecting Christmas - 

V

"With a good old fashion, when Christmasse was come, To call in all his old neighbors with bagpipe and drum, With good chear enough to furnish every old room, And old liquor, able to make a cat speak, and man dumb Like an Old Courtier of the Queen's, And the Queen's old Courtier."

XII

"With a new fashion, when Christmas is drawing on, On a new journey to London straight we all must begone, And leave none to keep house, but our new porter John, Who relieves the poor with a thump on the back with a stone, Like a young courtier of the King's, And the King's  young courtier."
