The Fryers as well as they possibly will (though they had little to return in answer) Endear by soft Language to appease them; and went to these Thirty Spaniards, declaring the evil actions they were guilty of, modestly supplicating them to withdraw themselves from that place. Which they would by no means condescend to, and what is most factitious and wicked persuaded the Indians, that they were introduced by those Priests; Which being made known to them, These Indians resolved to be the death of these Monks, but having notice thereof by some courteous Indians, they stole gone from thence by night, and fled; but after their departure the truth of the material and the Spanish Malice being understood; they sent several Messengers who followed them fifty Miles distant persuasive them in the name of the Indians, to return and beseeching pardon for that ignorant mistake. 
The Priests relying on their vocabulary, returned, and were caress’s like Angels sent from Heaven; and nonstop with them, (from whom they received a Thousand kindnesses) four or five months. But when the Spaniards persisted in their decision not to quit the place, even though they Vice-Roy did use all actions and fair means to recall them, they were Proclaimed Traitors, guilty of High subversion; and as they incessant still exercising Tyranny and perpetrated polyandrous Crimes, the Priests were wise they would study revenge, though it might be some considerable time before they put it in effecting, fearing that it might fail upon their own heads, and since they could not exercise the function of their Ministry securely and undisturbed by reason of the incessant Incursions and Assaults made by the Spaniards, they consulted about their departure, and did leave this Kingdom accordingly which remained impoverished of all Christian Doctrine and these poor Souls are at this day involved in the obscurity of their former Misery and Ignorance, they being deprived by these accursed Spaniards, of all hopes of remedy, and the irrigation of Divine knowledge, just like young withering Plants for want of Water: for in that very moment of time, when these Religiosity took leave, they embraced the Doctrine of our Faith with the greatest Fervency and enthusiasm possible. 
 
Of the Province of St. MARTHA. 
The area of St. Martha was rich in the next-door Golden Mines, and a fruitful Soil, nay the People were very expert and industrious in those Mine-works: Upon this report, or Temptation it was, that from the Year 1540, to 1542, abundance of Tyrants sailed thither, laying waste the whole kingdom by their Depredations, slaughtering the population at a prodigious and bloody rate; and robbing them of all their Gold, who dawdle fled to their Ships for place of safety, moving sometime to one place, and sometime to another. And thus those Provinces were laid waste, the greatest Outrages being stanch on the Sea-shore, which lasted till the Year 1523, whither the Spaniards then came to seat themselves, and fish their intended territory. 
And since it is a plentiful Region and Opulent withal; it was subjected to several Rulers, who like Infernal Fiends contend who should obtain the Palm, by out-staining the Sword of his Predecessor in Innocent Blood; insomuch, that from the Year 1529 to this exceptionally day, they have tired and spoiled as much good ground as extended Five Hundred Miles, and unpeeled the nation. 
If I design’s to enumerate all the Impieties, Butcheries, Desolation's, Iniquities, Violence’s, Destruct ions and other the Paula and black Enormities committed and perpetrated by the Spaniards in this Province, against God, the King, and these harmless Nations; I might compile a Voluminous History, and that shall be done, if God permit my Glass to run longer, in his good time. It may suffice for the present to relate some passages written in a Letter to our King and Lord by a vicar Bishop of these Provinces, Dated the 20th of May, An. Dom. 1541. in which among other matters  he thus words it.
