Declaring the evil actions they were guilty of, the native Indians beseeched Spaniards to leave them alone in their ancestral land. The Spaniards declared that they were introduced by the priests and wanted to continue to remain there. The Indians when resolved to fight them, the Spaniards fled by night but persuaded a section of the courteous natives to join them. Only after they left, the natives realized the issue and pursuit them fifty miles to beseech the return of the natives and beg their pardon for the ignorant mistake committed by them.

Relying on the words of the natives the Priests returned and enjoyed the kindness, cordiality and respect for a few months. But the rustic natives felt their ways are disturbed and demanded the aliens to leave. But the Spaniards persisted with their resolve not to quit. Although the Viceroy did use all endeavors and fair means within his command to recall them it would not succeed. So they were proclaimed Traitors and charged with guilty of High Treason. The priests were sensible and fearful of the revenge if the Spaniards continued their nefarious crimes. The situation effected the exercise of the Ministry functioning securely and undisturbed. For some time they considered about their departure and ultimately they left the place incapable continuing their service. The natives felt terribly lost and deprived of the Divine Knowledge when the Priests left. But the vacuum created a tremendous urge in them to set about embracing the doctrine of the faith with renewed vigor and fulfill the desire and fervency within them for the divine grace.

Province of St. Martha

The people of St. Martha were very industrious and skillful in their profession and were peaceful Mine-workers in their rich Golden Mines, in and neighboring the region. The temptation of rich soil brought an abundance of Tyrants in the years 1940-1942. Depredation and slaughtering brought about by the influx of Tyrants in their quest for the precious metal effected fleeing of the inhabitants seeking refuge by the shipload. The greatest tyranny and outrages continued till 1543 and there upon commenced the settlement of the region for habitation.

Because the region is plentiful and many of the people are opulent it was subjected to several rules of tyranny by successive rulers shedding copious innocent blood in the process. A large stretch of habitable land measuring 100s and 100s of kilometers laid waste and unpeopled in the process from the year 1519 to this day.

I might compile a voluminous history if I start enumerating the violence, butchery and wanton destruction perpetrated by the Spaniards in the province in full measure. If God wills to keep me alive sufficiently long period I would be able to complete the sacred deed. Among other matters it is referred that, for the present it might suffice to relate some passages written in a letter to our King and Lord by a Reverend Bishop of these Provinces, dated the 30th May A.D. 1541.
