Fryers, and that could (although it had little to return in the response) endevour'd by the soft language to appease them, and went with these thirty Spanish, stating the wrongs that were guilty of, humbly beseeching are removed from the site. That in no way condescending, and what is the most evil and wicked persuaded the Indians, who were introduc'd by priests What became known to them, these Indians settled the death of these monks, but with the corresponding reporting by some Indians polite that slipped away by night, and fled, but after his departure the truth of the matter and the Spanish Malicia be understood, but sent several messengers went begging to fifty miles away in the name of the Indians to return and apologize for this error ignorant. 
Priests rely on his words, turned and caress'd like angels sent from heavenand continued with them, (who received a thousand kindnesses) four or five months. But when the Spanish persisted in their decision to leave the place, even though the Vice-Roy made every effort and fair ways to remember Proclaim'd were traitors, guilty of high treason; and because continued exercise of tyranny and crimes nefandous, priests were sensitive that it would study revenge, although it might be a considerable time before it is implemented, for fear that it may fail on his own head , and one could not exercise his ministry function safely and without discomfort because of the continuous raids and assaults by the Spanish, asked about his departure, and made out of this kingdom, therefore, that indigent remain'd of all Christian doctrine and these poor souls are in this involv'd days in the darkness of ignorance and misery of old, deprived of those damn Spanish, all hope of remedy, and irrigatioon of divine knowledge, the As young plants extinction due to lack of water: in that moment of time, when they took leave of Religion, who embraced the Doctrine of the Faith with fervor and excitement imaginable. 

-------------------------------------------------- -------------------- 

Of the Province of Santa Marta. 

The Province of Santa Marta was rich in gold mines nearby, and a fertile soil, moreover, people were very skilled and hard working in the mines of works: On this account, and the temptation was, that since 1540, to 1542, the abundance of tyrants sailed there, devastating the entire country for their depredations, killing people at a prodigious rate and bloody, and steal all his gold, who fled overnight to shelter their ships, moving in a time to a place, and at some point to another. And so the provinces were devastated, the major attacks committed in the sea off the coast, which lasted until 1523, where the Spanish and then came to sit, and prosecutors Habitation intent. 

And because it is a region of rich and opulent with everything has been subjected to various rulers, who like Infernal Demons must obtain said Palma, outside of the stain of the sword of his predecessor in innocent blood, so Thus, since the year 1529 to this very day, they have wasted and spoiled so much good land that stretched for miles and uninhabited Five Hundred Countrey. 

If design'd to list all the wickedness, carnage, desolation, wickedness, violence, destruction and other atrocities committed Piacula and black and perpetrated by the Spanish in this province, against God, King, and these nations harmless, I could compile a voluminous history, and is compleated, if God allows me Glass long term, in due time. Suffice for now relate some passages written in a letter to our King and Lord for a Bishop Revernd of these Provinces, dated May 20, a. Dom 1541. where among other things as words.
