Dear Friend: I am so hip and you are well. I get along very well that I have not been sick since I left home not lost, but 2-1/2 day I work as a man. I'm doing well. I never liked a place like I do here, except home. Their is no place like home What is the church to get along. You can not just get a house to live I am awake in my financial plans. I rent a place for inmates who are 15 sleprs which began a week ago and be shure to send me my letter of resignation by return mail. I go into some kind of business here on September you agriculture. 
Rasion is powerful at the top of here. people are coming from the south each week, people of color are good they are the best workers. He made a great many white friends. The Baptist Church is full of Georgia Baptist and Ala 10 and 12 together every Sunday. He is planning to build a fine brick church. It takes dollars to 50 and 60 each Sunday is a preacher doing wel. I am sending a check for my salary in a couple of weeks. Glucose me $ 100 to buy furniture. Write me. 

NOTES: 

[1] These letters were collected under the direction of Mr. Emmett J. Scott. 

BOOK REVIEWS 

The black American World War. By Emmett J. SCOTT, Special Assistant to the Secretary of War. Historic Black Publishing Company, Washington, DC, 1919. 

Mr. Scott's account of blacks in World War I is one of a series of works that present the achievements of blacks during the great uprising. Kelly Miller, Allison W. Sweeney and others have preceded the publication of the volumes in this field. 

The story written by Kelly Miller is apparently doubtful authorship. It is but a truism of war popular sketch supplemented by one or two trials with the seal of controversial writing own Kelly Miller. 

W. Allison Sweeney's work is committed to making a more continuous historical sketch of the achievements from year to year, while at the same time, guided by the current plan. Sometimes the author is high on equal treatment and often trivial. To say that the works of Miller and Sweeney are not scientists, not exactly the ground. Not so at the height of the standard popular history of the media. 

Mr. Scott's story is far from conclusive as the author's purpose was more to popularize the achievements of black soldiers. 

In addition to the existing access historical commentary in newspapers and magazines, Mr. Scott has added to its work a large number of official documents accessible only to someone like him, was related to the War Department during the conflict. Has another value, on the other hand, since this provides the reaction of a federal official smart color in the thousands of daily events happening around them. 

The author is committed to connecting the black with the root cause of the war in which racial prejudice was its source. The author shows how lucky he was to have black troops as the first National Guard is properly equipped for the service immediately and to take the place of honor in the monitoring of the White House and the country's capital, by order of President of the United States. His own appointment and his work as special assistant to the Secretary of War as an official recognition of the interests of blacks in the war became the nucleus around which the facts of the work is organized. How can blacks appeared in the national army, how the black soldiers and officers were trained and how they were treated in the fields all bring to light information that the public has been waiting a long time. After giving passing mention to the black soldiers in the armies of European nations, the author turns his attention to the black regiments abroad. special chapters devoted to the achievements of the 367th regiment, 368th, 370th, 371st and 372d. The behavior of blacks in the battle is outlined in the chapter on black as a fighter.
