It seemed that holding a meeting to overload each - and were a crowd - tried to babble out a speech and to be heard above all others. 
Deeper 

and more ominous notes were not needed to complete the hellish chorus. 

From the dense and dark forest came the eerie roar of tigers, panthers, bears and mingled with the roar loud and heavy stampede of elephants, we could clearly here the crack of branches down to the ground in its furious course, and crashing the bamboo, which to them is a favorite food. One might have said that a vast legion of demons had invaded the forest, because its intense darkness, impenetrable, only dimly lit by one or two yards by the glow of our fires, everything seemed to turn in life. 

Each creature, each reed, each leaf had a voice, a cry, a whisper, a sigh that filled the night air with the sounds diabolical. 

It was a terrible mess, a victim twixt powerful and victorious conflict, an insatiable desire for blood, a fierce fierce expression of love. 

"Fire, fire!" Let us fuel! " Registration and pull after entering the thousands of fuel cells, while the sparks flew up and the flames cast a glow bright red around. 

But the great voice of the forest did not cease, but they are still referred to the roars and bellows of the strong and the shouts and cries of the weak. 

Rose up against us, as if to pronounce a curse upon the intruders, the profanation of the mysteries in the depths of the jungle, large Mother Nature held overnight. 

For hours we stayed there in a state that is useless for me even to try to describe, and then as dawn approached cry fear slowly began to fade. 

It is evident that in the early dawn to the wild beasts had returned to their homes. 

The monkeys were the last to finish what had been the first to start, but what was their chattering and gibbering in comparison with the terrible chorus, veins and brain freeze paralyzed, had been forced to listen all night? 

Is 

I never went to greet a friend with so much fervor as I did the morning sun. In his appearance a new concert began, but the harmony was now nice buzz and hum of insects, mixed with joyful singing birds. 

We revived and began to stretch their limbs poor, apart from being stiff and numb from the horrors of last night, and the thick mist that had fallen upon us, a dam was also unaware of leech and mosquito. 

Comparisons are odious. Of course. But between a tiger and a leech, a panther and a mosquito, despite his affinity for the taste of human blood, believe me there is big difference, and was perhaps for this reason I had not noticed before the attack by these smaller carnivores in our flesh horror. 

A few bites and we were hurried into the trap again. 

Our sleepless night, and excitement that had kept us awake, made us feel tired and lethargic, but the thought of being exposed to the same torment and fear of another time, gave us courage and strength to push as far as possible in search of a night shelter, safer four-legged inhabitants of the earth, before sunset they have seduced their dens. 

Tired, and mechanically, walking along, looking anxiously to us for an opening in the thick foliage and trees close together, or some other sign of human life. 

It must have been about three or clock in the afternoon - for my watch had stopped - and had started to drizzle when we saw, not far away from us, the eternal twilight of the wild forests scattered throughout the full light of day. 

Our spirits revived it, for in all probability, it meant a clear scope for the construction of huts and, consequently, the presence of other beings, however wild they are.
