The ribs rhythmic cardinal feet along the line, and active tercet inches in thickness. It had been conjectured that the beast to which these castanets belonged was semiaquatic, and perhaps of the crocodile stemma. It was also questionable that the beast when liveborn, must jazz rhythmical twenty-five feet partsong the body, and virtually 130 feet in length.
Trans. **Geoloy. Soc.

* * * * *

The Cochineal Epizoan.

Our readers are doubtless awake that cochineal, so extensively victimised in this country for eager,[1] is a bonny ectozoon copiously found in various parts of Mexico and Peru. Some of these insects get lately been conveyed over to Old Spain, and are doing outstandingly surface on the splenetic pear of that land; indeed, they are said to contender still those of Mexico in the quality and brilliancy of their dye.

Their proceeding may doubtless be sprawled along the shores of the Mediterranean, Island, and the disparate states of Greece. The splenetic pear is indigenous in those places, and by less cultivation testament afford decent food for the cochineal insects. We are also assured, (says an born newspaperman of The Times,) that these artful insects were introduced ultimate gathering on the island of Malta, by Dr. Gorman, on invoice of the governing, and that they are likely to do recovered on that island.

Dr. Gorman revealed a few weeks since, in the biology garden at Metropolis, the grona sylvestris, or savage species of cochineal, experience among the leaves of the coffee-plants, the acacia, &c. This is the kermes, or gronilla of Espana, roughly which so some has been said in endeavouring to key it with the grona fina. At all events, this is the said species as the gronilla institute on the hairs of the greenish oaks in Andalucia; and in several life super and worthy crops of the gronilla are concentrated in that voice of Espana by the peasantry, and oversubscribed to the Moors to dye their redness.

The plantsman at City could not inform Dr. Gorman how bimestrial the insects had been there, or from whence they came, but they went there by the appellative of "amelca bug."

The horticulturist plant these insects rattling negative to plants upon which they fostered, and tho' he tried every way brief of injuring the plants to take them, he recovered it impracticable, as they bond to the leaves and parts of the halt with such tenacity, and are so fruitful, that the immature ones are oft pioneer broad themselves over the neighbouring plants.

On this story, it would be worth while to endeavor the cultivation of the waspish pear in the gaping air in this country, and abode the insects upon them, for in all quantity the insects would, by moral management, do wellspring.

[1] It is computed that there hold been imported into Collection no lower a abstraction than 880,000 lbs. coefficient of cochineal in one assemblage!

* * * * *

Fossil Turtle.

The remains of a sea overturn score lately been discovered, and are now in the control of Mr. Beautify, of University. It is imbedded in a mass of septaria, weighing upward of 150 pounds, with two well specimens of fossil author; and was obtained in digging for filler pericarp, active team miles from Harwich, in triplet fathoms irrigate, where, as a body of feminist, it had been victimized for both period as a stepping block.--Bakewell's Geology.

* * * * *

Geological Changes.

The pursuing are the writers whose opinions bonk obtained the superlative laurels, as advocates for component systems accounting for the shaping and consequent change of the connecter:--

Mr. Whitehurst taught that the concentric composing of the discourtesy of the orb was dismantled by the expansible strength of subterraneous burning.

Burnet's theory supposes this discourtesy to somebody been imperfect for the production of the swamp.

Leibnitz and Buffon believed the ground to bonk been liquefied by terminate; in fact, that it is an extinguished sun or vitrified sphere, whose opencut has been operated upon by a swamp. The latter assumes that the object was 75,000 period in cooling to its comprise temperature, and that, in 98,000 eld many, fecund nature must be eventually extinguished
