Baby Bunting is a beautiful quarto with one of the most attractive outsides we have seen for a long time. It is made up of choice stories adapted to the reading of children from four to eight years of age. They are all short, few of them being over a page in length, and each is accompanied by a full page engraving. 

 It is just the kind of book that ought to be popular, and undoubtedly will be. 

 YOUNG FOLKS' HISTORY OF GERMANY. By Charlotte M. Yonge. Boston: D. Lothrop & Co. Price, $1.50. 

 This handsome volume is the first of a series, which will include the principal countries of Europe, the succeeding numbers of which will appear at brief intervals. 

 Miss Yonge, whose talents have been exerted in various directions for the benefit of young readers, has been peculiarly successful in this series, which has had a very large sale in Europe, and deserves a like popularity here. It covers not only the entire period of German civilization down to the present time, but it gives an account of ancient Germany and its inhabitants in times which might almost be called pre-historic. The first chapters are explanatory of the German mythology, and of the ancient methods of worship. The Nibelungen Lied is described and its story told. 

 The real history begins about the year 496 A.D., at a time when the Franks were the victorious race in Europe. 

 From that time down to the beginning of the present year the record is continuous. The volume is profusely illustrated. 

 HAPPY MOODS OF HAPPY CHILDREN. Original Poems. By favorite American authors. Boston: D. Lothrop & Co. Price $1.00. 

 We venture to say that no publishing house in the country will issue this season anything choicer in the way of a presentation book of poems than this charming volume. 

 The poems it contains were written expressly for Mr. Lothrop, and have never before been brought together in collected form. Among the authors represented are Elizabeth Stuart Phelps, Clara Doty Bates, Margaret G. Preston, Ella Farman, Mrs. Platt, Harriet McEwen Kimball, Mary A. Lathbury, Nora Perry, Mrs. L. C. Whiton, Celia Thaxter, Edgar Fawcett, and many others. 

 Although the volume is ostensibly preferred for children, it is one which grown-up people will equally enjoy. 

 There are a score or more of illustrations, most of them full-page, exquisitely drawn and engraved. 

 ------------------------------------------------------------------------ 

 PANSY'S PAGE. 

 FOUR GIRLS AT CHAUTAUQUA. By Pansy. 12mo. Illustrated $1 50 

 The most fascinating "watering-place" story ever published. 

 Four friends, each a brilliant girl in her way, tired of Saratoga and Newport, try a fortnight at the new summer resort on Chautauqua Lake, choosing the time when the National Sunday-school Assembly is in camp. 

 Rev. Drs. Vincent, Deems, Cuyler, Edward, Eggleston, Mrs. Emily Huntington Miller, move prominently through the story. 

 HOUSEHOLD PUZZLES. By Pansy. 12mo. Illustrated 1 50 

 How to make one dollar do the work of five. 

 A family of beautiful girls seek to solve this "puzzle." 

 Piquant, humorous, but written with an intense purpose. 

 THE RANDOLPHS. By Pansy. 12mo. Illustrated 1 50 

 A sequel to Household Puzzles, in which the Puzzles are agreeably disposed of. 

 GRANDPA'S DARLINGS, By Pansy.
