Baby Bunting is an amazing pamphlet with outstanding outsides. It consists of selected stories which can be read to children from four to eight. None is lengthier than a page and each comes with a fully engraved page.

This book will surely become popular.

YOUNG FOLKS' HISTORY OF GERMANY. By Charlotte M. Yonge. Boston: D. Lothrop & Co. Price, $1.50.

This first volume from the series across the most important countries in Europe, which will be numbered and shown at brief intervals.

With large sales in Europe, the popularity of Miss Yonge has matched up to her talent, thus benefiting the young readers through this successful series. The German civilization is presented from its origins to the present, and also includes mentions of Germany and its inhabitants in pre-historic times. The first chapter deals with German mythology and ways to worship the Gods of the time. It presents the story of the Nibelungen Lied.

In 496 A.D. the Franks were the most powerful race in Europe, this being the starting point of real history. 

From then onwards, a continuing record of the events has been kept. Also the volume abounds in illustrations. 

HAPPY MOODS OF HAPPY CHILDREN. Original Poems. By favorite American authors. Boston: D. Lothrop & Co. Price $1.00.

This season we have selected the best choice of a book of poems in the form of this volume.

The poems have never been collected in the form of a single volume and all of them were written especially for Mr. Lothrop. Among the authors we can mention Elizabeth Stuart Phelps, Clara Doty Bates, Margaret G. Preston, Ella Farman, Mrs. Platt, Harriet McEwen Kimball, Mary A. Lathbury, Nora Perry, Mrs. L. C. Whiton, Celia Thaxter, Edgar Fawcett and many others.

Despite being targeted at children, the volume can also be appreciated and enjoyed by adults.

There are many illustrations, some of them full-page and exquisite.

PANSY'S PAGE.

FOUR GIRLS AT CHAUTAUQUA. By Pansy. 12mo. Illustrated $1 50

It is one of the most interesting lake-side stories that has ever been published.

Four intelligent but very different girls, not wanting to repeat the experience of Saratoga and Newport, chose to spend a fortnight at the Chautauqua Lake resort. They have chosen a time when the National Sunday-school Assembly was present in camp.

The characters including Rev. Drs. Vincent, Deems, Cuyler, Edward, Eggleston, Mrs. Emily Huntington Miller are keen on moving throughout the story.

HOUSEHOLD PUZZLES. By Pansy. 12mo. Illustrated 1 50

How to make a dollar worth five.

This ''puzzle'' is the objective of a family of wonderful ladies.

Tasteful, full of humor and written with a goal.

THE RANDOLPHS. By Pansy. 12mo. Illustrated 1 50

The continuation of Household Puzzles, where we can see Puzzles being get rid of agreeably.

GRANDPA'S DARLINGS, By Pansy.
