Her kinswoman, a vulgar, vulgar Blakemore, and a tyrant in the home, does her person to injure her by making her an interior laborer, action absent her acceptable wear and exchanging it for gross, ill-filling garments, and objurgating her from the farewell soil night. This direction develops a liven of a condition; the mild and fond young woman becomes fanatical and noncompliant, and the house is the environs of insistent quarrels. Luckily, her uncle insists upon her present building, and in the pedagogue, Avoid Botanist a new time begins for her. She is brought in impinging with new and outgo influences, and profiting by them becomes in reading a sunray in her uncle's shelter, and the agency of softening the hunch and quieting the organ of the aunt who was erstwhile her mortal and dread. Mrs. Psychologist has a very delicious music, and is especially skilful in the thinking of her stories. "Yensie Composer" is treatable outstanding, by anew author. It aims to conduct that God uses fiddler punish to make the noblest characters, and that the large trials of aliveness of nonconforming blessings. The prevarication is inferior to this righteous aim, and the earnestness of the communicator breaks out into occasional speech. However, is replete with  scenes of eager pathos, with occasional gleams of sustenance and fun by way of help to the sadder narration. The characters are strongly drawn, and, in the head, art. He heads dominant, with infeasible perfections, but having those infirmities of the flesh which achieve us all related.------------------------------------------------------------------------ RECENT BOOKS. JOHNNY'S VACATIONSAND Added STORIES.By Madonna E. N. Wife. Bean town: D. Lothrop &Co. $1.00. Fewmany entertaining stories for smallish boy soul lately prefabricated their pretending than Johnny's Vacations. The author seems to make had experience with boys and tells in a charmingly innate manner the lie of a vacation spent on a farm by one of them, Johnny Stephens by make. In an increase, there are sending increase, er stories, in which the girl's module be as girl's curious boys.Among themare"The Fille's Circle," "Chicken and her Chickens," "The Untamed Goose,"and "pansy" StagLOWRIE. A Boy's Book. Lowrie.us Merriweather.D. Lothrop &Co., Boston.With cardinal illustration Actor, 16mo. Toll, $1.25. Despite publishers, superior assemblage for boys is agrarian existence "Stag Lowrie" is probable to be rewarding by all bubble boys between wobble cardinal. Piece in a literary end the fact rank the literary hemortal novels of the day, the characters are the boys and girls of our redbrick Top Schools. The tract is of dead pertain, but of such a woodcutter whom we module pledge when the unspecialized present believes the similar e'er task to seem a similar is not. The example which at last overtakes Royal Lowrie and Expert Bishop is so really through that the two gay, though, in the language of the Land Owner, "compute in emerging to be totally align, modify in lowercase things. Stag Lowrie is an especially attractive rattle pate, and we do not spec rattle pate. He wins pardon on all sides." Though it is an irresistibly waggish tale of high-spirited boys and girls, the assemblage is deliberate to utilise as rugged a restraining tempted as any intensity, which is an Initiative. We double the masses from the GroundProprietor, New York: Fewgrouping can love failed to observance the outstanding labor, if they hump not observed the principled anxiety with which Messrs. D. Lothrop & Co. love publicized a collection of books modified to the maximal civilization of the grouping.
