It is much easier, knowing Sordello, imagined than done. real circumstances, real life, other people all this that is around us is more severe things our easily molded material of dreams. Who has not at one time or another been asleep in bed one morning and gone through the thought processes of rising, until a stronger call or Alarum bell has raised awareness that the task is not started? 
Who has not been tempted to avoid the practice of some kind in the thought of a reward? Who has not sometimes the expectations built more and more until their demands stations have become so large that, in desperation to do well, which has allowed the entire escape plan into the valley of forgotten dreams? 

These dangers, almost involuntary achieving the objectives unworthy have appreciated the thought and the loss of strength for real achievement, because an indulgence too easy in the suction without fault, are fairly obvious and have long recognized ha. 

There is another that has been occasionally and sometimes expressed. [16] We have seen that too loose a dream in the world can make the world we live in seems boring and ordinary. 

But it is not otherwise at least as often true? If our thinking in the world is too narrow, too selfish or too weak, all ordinary work, compact sound and although it may be, is absurd, misdirected, often in vain. We all know how in the industrial world more than the industry is necessary in the world something more emotional than goodwill unapprehending awkward. 

We need some vision to turn these strong qualities of work and the feeling that the best explanation. "The scope of a man must overcome his view," a great poet tells us, and even birds or beavers do not go on quite blindly to their building, but when the stress on the effort has been destroyed by wind and water or human interference, which ultimately accommodate your instinct to the circumstances in order to get a better opportunity to fulfill its deepest purpose. In many ways, we have just passed the stage of beaver wars, accidents, disease, conflict - how many times we have to try again the same path that led us into trouble before and disasters before we put our imaginations to work the problem seriously and try to find a more complete solution? 

Of all the dangers of using the imagination, perhaps the greatest of all is the abandonment of its use, the negation of itself and the ensuing famine. 

EM COBHAM. 

[16] Book of the lady is an allusion to this danger, as well as the first, the warnings against greed in the tenth commandment. The spirit of the game [17]: a critique. 

[17] See the article "the spirit of the game" in the November issue. With the description of the taxpayer in the spirit of the game, that leisure pleased with himself and his responsibilities to the time and thought and heart can be filled with more inspiration, most of your readers, I think totally agree, and we all will be grateful for the strong claim on behalf of "play." The criticism that comes to mind is that a touch of professionalism, patronage to the ordinary person has been introduced in the author's thought and looks through many of the phrases. 

"Common man" ... "Ordinary people every day" ... "Common humanity" ... "A worker" ... "You can not play," the writer of the Spirit Play really show us what is in their hearts? He is an artist, that is, he is a great admirer of other arts, he is interested in thinking, it seems almost impossible that anyone can have "freedom" without the power to express, not even aware of their power. 

We are all too likely, I think, to think that our own discoveries of mystery and magic of life are unique to ourselves, or shared only with a few nice passes sometimes (by the few who are willing and able to do ) to those outsiders who are interested enough to enter that enchanted garden and take gifts from him. 

But it is the supreme discovery of the greatest artists, philosophers and teachers was that the common people are living so deeply and widely as the thinkers and artists? 

They are inarticulate and can not say what they see, but for life is fun, or interesting, or consecrated according to their temperament. 

Who can say what the sea in Cornwall means for workers weary? At least it seems a boldness that is about the arrogance of deciding what was not her intention! 

Not all the lives of his revelations?
