He forgot to execute this promise, but it appeared that the location was not difficult to find, as it was marked by the large finger-post of Mount Camanti.  The explorers placed the precious specimens in the baggage, and continued to advance along the valley. 

The rocks and hard landscapes were left in the distance, and the footing became more level and easy to walk through, as they found themselves on a soft, slippery sand.  Clumps of giant reeds appeared every few feet.  Well-defined geometric forms, made by natural forces dotted the distance.  In the native garden-beds, the drifting sands resembed artifical paths. 

As they traveled through the labyrinths of strange gardens, they were surprised by the last hours of daylight.  They chose a suitable spot to rest.  The Indians, upon learned that their travels were stopping for the night, panicked and made their discomfort known to the interpreter.  They warned that it was impossible to camp out in the neighborhood of the dreaded animal.  

But Pepe Garcia, who was used to fighting ferocious animals like bears, was not the sort of man to be afraid of a tiger, even the genuine famed Bengal tiger. 

To prove to the porters how unafraid he was of the tiger, he pushed the group into the thickest part of the reeds and ordered them to cut down the canes to make sheds.  He used his own knife to cut down canes, and forced the Indians to make them into sheaves and transport them to the beach for the campsite.

Double rows of the arundos, driven into the sand, formed the layout for cabins, the leaves made walls and roofs.  The green halls with matted vaulted ceilings were picturesque; and each Indian, seeing how easily these houses were built, selected to make a house for himself.  The Tiger's Beach quickly became a campsite, in a long straight line, with the Indians occupying the houses on the far end near the river.  

No tiger appeared that night, but the Indians were instead afraid of birds.  The night passed calmly without incident.


Due to the layout of the landscape, either because of the valley, or the decrease in altitude, the travelers were often hindered by fog at night. The animals of the area were rather tame, with the occational tapir or otter or fish, shot for food.

To-night, however, the scariest animal of the tropical forest appeared on the campsite.  As the Indian servants lied down to sleep under the partial shelter of their tents, a vampire bat, which was attracted to the smell of their bodies, flew over them.  The bat selected a person to attact, and flew over the man's exposed foot, and bit his big toe.  The bat was able to gorge itself on blood without disturbing the sleeping man.
