In the west, on the south side (or away from the center of the house), was a mass of burnt animal bones, ash and charcoal. This is continuous with the layer of ash, though not a part of it. 
The bones were in small pieces, and were undoubtedly the remains of a funeral feast or supply. 

"After the firing ceased, crude tools used to dig a grave in the center of the house. 

Was three meters long from east to west by a little more than six meters wide. The sides were straight, sloping inward, with rounded corners. The fund was almost the same level, fourteen inches deep, but slightly lower in the center. On the merits, the ashes had been scattered thinly, and in these a single thickness of the crust had been established. The parties had been lined with wood or bark from two to four inches thick. When this was done, two bodies were placed side by side in the grave, so widespread throughout its length in the back, head directly west. 

One of them, judging by the bones and the condition of the teeth, was a woman of considerable age. 

She was placed in the center of the tomb. His right arm was on the side, the left hand is on the pelvic bones of the skeleton and others. This was apparently a man not much, if any, past maturity. The right arm was in the stomach, the left hip. This skeleton was five feet ten inches in length, and the other five feet four inches. 

"The space between the first skeleton and the south side of the tomb was covered with ashes that had been withdrawn from the fire From the foot of a thin layer -. A simple line - which gradually increased in thickness towards the head, which was fully six inches thick. The head was embedded in them. Extended until the end of the tomb, reaching across its width and is almost but not quite, in contact with the other head. A considerable amount of burnt bones was in the southwest corner of the tomb, and ashes along the curved side up on the side until it merged into what was left of the ash. This had spread to the west just beyond the end of the tomb. 

"As the soil removed from the tomb had been expelled from all sides, the bodies were in a hole that was almost two feet deep. 

The next step was to coat. 

There was no sign of bark cloth or other protective material over them. They were covered with a black mass of sand, which must have been brought from the stream not far away. This is piled on them while wet, or at least damp enough to pack tightly, as required to loosen the selection and also was more pronounced on the sides of dry land could have been. 

Came a little beyond the grave by all sides, and was about five and a half feet tall, or as high as could be conveniently stacked. 

"So far, everything was pretty clear, but now another question that I had confused a little, and that was, what was in the house? 

That there had been the provision of numerous post holes clearly showed, but the large mound of dirt on the grave or tomb was quite strong over the original surface, which is not the slightest evidence that the poles or any part of the house had always came up in it. 

I tend to think that the great fire about half of the house was made of wood which compose it, that timber had been knocked over, and cutting positions on the surface, the whole being a sort of votive offering the dead. 

In any case, it is clear that a house stood there until the time the mound was built, and was not there after. 

"For the purpose of covering the grave, the sand was brought from a hill nearby. There was no stratification, either horizontal or curved. Earth had been piled up for the first time around the black earth forming the tumulus, and then the various parties had deposited its load in convenient locations, to the mound took its final taper available. 

Lenticular masses through most of the mound showed that the land had been taken from skins or small baskets. 

The mound was completed thirteen meters high, and about a hundred feet in diameter. 

"Two and a half feet above the original surface was extended skeleton, head west. He was just east of the black earth on the grave. Sixteen feet south of the tomb, the original surface, and within the outer row of post holes, two skeletons were extended, head almost due west. It would seem that the meat was removed before burial, since the bones were covered with a dull red substance, which showed a waxy texture, while working with a knife blade. 

"There are no remains of any kind have been found with any of the skeletons, but a fine copper bracelet was collected in a position that showed who was left by accident."
