After returning abroad, he returned to England with no money left in 1826.  He then looked into Sir Hugh Smyth, his supposed father.  He discovered that his father had been dead for a long time and that the title and estates had been passed to Sir John.  Because of this, he believed that it was useless to try to acquire any resources from his belated father.  Furthermore, he believed that he should support himself for the eleven years, which followed by lecturing on education at schools and institutions throughout England and Northern Ireland.

Until this time, he had never made any inquisitions for things that the Marchioness of Bath had informed him were under the care of Mr. Davis; rather, in 1839, he visited Frome in order to obtain them.  These events were proceeded by the news that Davis was dead.

Old Mr. Provis, who raised him, was the only person he met with.  He had some words of anger for refusing to give him any information in regards to his mother.  The interview was very passionate.  Provis was so angry with him at first that he hit him.  Provis quickly relented and gave him the Bible, the jewelry and the heir-looms that he possessed.  Also, he showed a photo of Sir Hugh that hung in his own parlor, and gave him a bungle of sealed paper with instructions to take hem to Mr. Phelps, an eminent solicitor at Warminister.   The jewelry was made up of four gold rings and two brooches.  "J.B" was inscribed on one of the gold rings, which represented "James Benard".  One of the brooches was written with the words "Jane Gookin" at length.

The claimant further stated that the interview should be preformed on May 19, 1849 with Sir John Smyth at Ashton Court.

He stated that the baronet seemed to be able to recognize him, but was very disturbed when he told her who he was.  "Sir Richard" was able to calm him by states that he had not come to take possession of his title or property, rather only wanted a suitable compensation for his family.  Therefore, Sir John's newly acquired nephew should go to Chester and collect his family.  They were to stay at the Ashton Court, while he would live at Heath House.

When he returned from Chester twelve days later, accompanied by his spouse and progeny, the first news he heard was that of Sir John had died in his bead the previous morning after his last visit.

All his hopes were destroyed.  He then returned to his old trade of stump orator, which he pursued from 1839 to 1851.  This time was used unsuccessfully to procure a lawyer to take up his tort.   It was not until in the later year that he was able to acquire those services.  When one of the offers for services was presented with all the information he was able to lay claim to what was owed to him before, her Majesty's judges at Gloucester sets claims.  This is according to his own account.

During the testimony he stated that Provis had two sons.  He also, stated his relationship with Provis's eldest son, John.  Furthermore, he descried his life in the carpenter's house, and referred to himself as "the gentleman of the place".  He also, stated that he wore red morocco shoes, that were never allowed to be without his nurse.  Ultimately he admitted to have "[done] some mischief in the town, and according to his station in life, for which nobody was allowed to check him".
