Impossible! If we can reason at all on the event, it is most reasonable to believe, that the military system which shall have subdued the discontents of Ireland, will continue to govern it. Will it be for the safety, or for the honour of England that her sister country should be a military despotism? 

 In one event only, then, does there appear to be a gleam of hope that Ireland may yet become a free, happy, and contented member of the British empire--and that is, in a suppression of the present insurrection--in a change of the men by whom the affairs of Ireland have been for some years so abominably administered--and in a change of that system which has hitherto been pursued by them. 

 If Englishmen value their own liberty, which the contiguity of despotism must always hazard, or feel sympathy for the sufferings of an unfortunate people, whose attachment to Britain has been proved during the course of an anxious and changeful century, to these objects will they direct their efforts. 

 Already thousands of the people of Ireland have fallen in the contest--and yet the standard of rebellion is erect. More of the blood of Ireland must be shed, before Ireland, under the present system, is restored to peace. A military chief governor has been sent over, not to appease but to subdue. He may subdue--but is it the pride of a British King to rule a depopulated, a desolated, and a discontented country? Will fire and sword restore content and confidence to the land? 

 Will the slaughter of a hundred thousand of the people of Ireland reconcile the survivors to that system of mal-government which they have risen to oppose? 

 Will the faction which has provoked this scene of slaughter, become more popular by the carnage they have occasioned? 

 Englishmen!--your fellow subjects of Ireland now call on you to consider the case of a distracted country, as that of brethren united by the tie of a common nature, and by the still closer tie of a common Sovereign; both entitled to the advantages of the same constitution, each depending, in some measure, on the others strength.
