An interior room or a dimly lit by a narrow court, or receive their only light a wide porch, you can not impress the visitors, who see it only when the house is new and artificially lighted room, but does so in time impress family who live there. row houses are best when they are only two rooms deep from front to back. 
However, if an extension is based on the rear of a terraced house, the court on one side of this extension, which will light the rooms means, must be at least six feet wide for a two-story house seven-foot three-story house. If there is a porch of a terraced house which should not be clear at the front, obscuring all the windows in the room downstairs, but should extend only part way, leaving a window open. This also increases the input value, giving you more privacy, but of course you need a home for at least 18 feet wide, if the site is to be large enough for use as a living room outdoors for the entire family in a warm climate. 

Extent possible, each room should have at least two windows and corner rooms should have windows on two walls. 

Rooms must be planned so that they can open up to others and allow the breeze to sweep through.

Privacy 

While the family is a unit, and a function of the house is to symbolize and emphasize the family unit should not, however, provides some individual privacy. The most basic arrangement, of course, is that at least three bedrooms - in the course of normal family contain the children. Consequently, the model home should contain no fewer than three bedrooms. But beyond this, the possible grouping of rooms in a house with two floors (bedrooms and bathroom on the second floor common living rooms on the first floor), compared to a one-story house, adds a lot to privacy . 

At the same time, two-story house is almost always cheaper both to build and operate, while a flight of stairs does not add significantly to the work of the house-wife. In the kitchen, dining room, living room and a bathroom on the ground floor there is relatively little need to run up and down, even when there are small children in the family. A third story, a living room above, without bathroom floor, in addition to the considerable amount of stair climbing. 

Climbing stairs is reduced by having the clothes on the same floor as the kitchen instead of in the basement or cellar. Although it is the most active stage only one or two days a week, is often used in other times and often in connection with the work of the kitchen. On the score that the number of steps thereby reduced, laundry tubs can be placed in the kitchen, but this must be balanced against the discomfort, or worse, that comes from having a kitchen full of steam and all messy with clothes in the washing process when meals must be prepared. 

Because of this many women prefer a separate laundry room in an elbow of the opening or expansion of the kitchen. 

From the latitude of South Philadelphia, this extension can be lightweight without danger of freezing pipes, except in the coldest weather and is a simple matter of installing a cutoff, so that these tubes can be emptied when not in use. 

Sanitation 

There must be a bathroom on the floor of the bedroom and a bathroom - preferably a sink as well - on the ground floor. A bath in the basement is only a halfway measure. There is a greater comfort of very real value, especially when they are not officials, but is generally less accessible than the upstairs bathroom and, unless the hold is unusually light and airy - unless it is heated and unless the soil is high enough above the culvert to establish the required slope drain pipe - it is very likely to become a nuisance. 

A toilet connected to sewage in the yard is just a step above the dome on top of the old days. 

It is difficult to access in adverse weather conditions, the night is public, and is likely to freeze. 

Tip for Furniture and Home Decoration Show 

PREPARED BY THE OFFICE OF INFORMATION 

Changing an empty house into a furnished place, rest of beauty is no less a task of transforming a piece of paper in a lovely image. In a sense, interior design is a creative art. It is true that the decorators, decorating houses or people, do not weave their own tapestries, build their own furniture, or design your own wall paper, but selects things that require shops, where they have been designed by others, and selected so as to form a beautiful and harmonious whole.
