Row houses are better when there are no more than two rooms from front to rear. Otherwise lighting can be an issue. An interior room with poor lighting is okay to the family that lives there but can often seem unimpressive to visitors who stop in to see it. This includes rooms receiving only a bit of light from a porch or a narrow court.

As long as it's practical, each room should have at least two windows. This is especially true for corner rooms.

Breezes should be a first consideration in the planning in order to allow air circulation.

If an extension is built, then proper dimensions should be considered for the inhabitants. These dimensions are as follows: six feet wide for a two story dwelling and seven feet for a three story dwelling. Front porches should not extend across the whole front (which in turn darkens the ground floor rooms), but should extend only part way with one window being free. This will give greater privacy to the porch and add value as well. In order for this to work the house should be at least 18 feet wide so that the whole family can sit outside and enjoy splendid weather.

Privacy

Even thought families share many memories and daily experiences, function as a unit, and generally spend a significant amount of time together, provisions should be taken in order to create individual privacy. The bare minimum of these requirements is that there be at least 3 bedrooms. This grouping is, of course, easier in a two-story house, but considerations can be taken in order to ensure privacy in both settings. One should consider these bare requirements because a normal family will contain both boys and girls and needs to have a separation between public and private space in the house. A two-story house solves many of these problems by placing bedrooms and bathrooms on the second floor while creating common space on the first.

Two-story houses are more than often more economical to build and operate while. Don't be discouraged that a flight of stairs will add to a house-wife's work as it changes very little. But, a third story, no bathroom on the main floor, and a common space upstairs, do significantly add to the cumbersome task of moving up and down the stairs. This can be solved by placing the kitchen, dining room, living room, and lavatory on the ground floor.

Additional stair climbing can be removed by having the laundry room on the same floor as the kitchen. This removes the need to go up and down between a cellar or basement but will greatly increase the activity in the kitchen space on a weekly basis (even if only for a few days). If the laundry is placed in the kitchen it could at best disrupt the kitchen activities, but at worst provide a distraction by filling it with steam or cluttering the kitchen space with clothes on top of meals to be prepared. This leads many to suggest that the best method is in fact a complete separation of the kitchen and laundry space. This is often accomplished by building an extension from the kitchen.

Without a danger of pipes freezing, this extension can be built with light construction in Philadelphia and due south. But, a cut-off needs to be installed so taht these pipes can be emptied when not in use.

Sanitation

A bathroom needs to be on the bedroom floor and a toilet on the ground floor. Basement bathrooms can be installed but are not necessary, just a convenience; especially for servants. But, with no ventilation and a poorly lit space, these installations can be a bad idea. A bathroom that is not heated with too low of a floor (not high enough above the sewer line) will quickly become a large nuisance. 

A sewer connected toilet in the lawn is only slightly higher than an outhouse. They are difficult to reach in inclement weather, likely freeze in the winter, and is very public.

Suggestions for Decorating and Furnishing a Model home

PREPARED BY TEH BUREAU OF INFORMATION

Remodeling a house is a large task. Taking an empty home and making it livable is less so, but still difficult. Creating the tone on the inside of the house is more or less an art. They don't create the pieces that populate a home, but they intricately arrange them to make a house feel like a home. They want everything to work together to make the home a place of solitude.
