Basin--Porcelain or enamel with hot and cold water. Toilet--porcelain, white enameled seat desirable. Medicine Cabinet with door and mirror over basin, shelves for shaving equipment, lotions, antiseptics, etc. Cupboard large enough to hold supply of towels, soap, toilet paper, and equipment for cleaning bathroom fixtures. 

 Clothes hamper unless chute to bin near wash tubs is provided. Hamper should have white smooth surface. 

 Enameled metal or wood desirable. 

 Towel racks--A nickel or enameled wood rack for each member of family to keep towels separate. 

 Miscellaneous fixtures--Two nickel or enameled metal soap racks, one beside basin and one beside or hooked to tub. 

 Tooth brush rack to hold tooth brushes well separated. Toilet paper basket or rack. 

 Individual mugs or glasses for each member of family. Shelf of glass or wood covered with oil cloth over basin. 

 Stool--White enamel, preferably. Clothes hooks on back of door, or clothes tree. Sash curtains of white material, easy to launder. 

 Lavatory--It is well to have additional lavatory on ground floor to save steps. It should contain toilet, wash bowl, stool and fixtures for accessories. Should be as easy to clean and hygienic as bathroom. 

 Lighting 

 Electricity if possible. Bulbs in all rooms should be frosted or shaded. 

 Hall--Electricity or lamp hung from center in form of lantern or cast iron bracket to hold at least one bulb or one lamp. If side lights are desired, fixtures of brass, cast iron, or enameled iron are effective. 

 Living Room--If possible, at least one baseboard plug, one center ceiling light or side brackets if desired. If room is large a center floor plug is desirable. 

 Plugs permit lamps to be used without unnecessary cords showing. If wire must pass through rug, do not cut rug but push threads apart. 

 Dining Room--If a center light in shape of dome is used, hang low enough to avoid shining in eyes of those dining. 

 A soft effect is gained by side brackets representing sconces. Wired metal or glass candlesticks on mantel and side-board, give pleasing effect. Floor plug near dining table for electrical table appliances. 

 Bedrooms--Fixtures should be placed in long wall space convenient to bureau or dressing table. Have plug near bed for lamp for reading in bed. If space permits, night light on table in upper hall is useful. 

 All plugs and sockets should be of standard shape and size. 

 Cleaning 

 House should be easy to clean with hard smooth floors, with cracks well filled, and rugs rather than carpets. 

 Rounded edges and corners of baseboards desirable, also simple baseboards. One flight of stairs is sufficient if located out of sight of living room. This saves labor of cleaning two flights. Two cleaning closets, one on ground floor and one on second floor, are labor savers. Have space for vacuum cleaner and for hanging all brushes, brooms and dusters, and a shelf above or at side for the cleaning compounds. Zinc or other fireproof lining to cupboard and ventilator desirable. 

 Storage Space--Attic with rows of shelves for storing boxes and small objects is desirable. Wooden chests, trunks, and a cedar lined chest or cupboard useful. Built-in closets or rows of inexpensive chests of drawers with space to pass between are good. 

 Storage Closets 

 Every bedroom should have clothes closet with hooks and a rod for hangers, a shelf for hats and a bottom shelf for shoes. A tall closet may have near ceiling an additional rod for hangers for less often used clothes, and long rod lifter to reach hangers. A cupboard for bed linen should be in upstairs hall or in a centrally located room. On ground floor coat closet is desirable; also tool cupboard or chest, large china cupboard, low enough for all china to be within reach. Cold closet with open wire screen cabinets in basement. 

 Pantry 

 If kitchen is well ventilated and stove has hood, pass pantry not necessary. It makes extra steps. If pass pantry is in house, only its narrowest dimension should divide kitchen from dining room. Partitions under sink for trays to stand; a narrow space for table leaves; a china cupboard with reachable shelves, and a sink and drainboards like those described for kitchen are desirable.
