Cuenca - porcelain or enamel with hot and cold water. WC - porcelain, glazed white seat desirable. Medicine cabinet door and mirror over the basin, shaving equipment racks, lotions, antiseptics, etc wardrobe large enough to maintain the supply of towels, soap, toilet paper, and equipment for cleaning bathroom fixtures. 
Laundry unless the duct to the trash near the wash basins provided. Shopping should be smooth white surface. 

enamelled metal or wood desirable. 

Towel racks - A nickel or glazed wooden frame for each family member to keep separate towels. 

miscellaneous accessories - Two or enamelled nickel metal soap racks, next to the basin and connected to one side or the tub. 

Toothbrush rack to hold toothbrushes well separated. Toilet paper or shelf. 

individual cups or glasses for each family member. Shelf glass or wood covered with oil cloth to the basin. 

Stool - white enamel, preferably. Clothes hooks in the back of the door, or clothes tree. Sash curtains of white material, easy to wash. 

Sink - is good to have additional bathroom on the ground floor to save steps. Must be toilet, sink, stool and accessories for accessories. Should be as easy to clean and hygienic and bathroom. 

Lighting 

Electricity if possible. Bulbs in all rooms need to be dull or shaded. 

Hall - Electricity or a lamp hanging from the center in the form of support or cast iron lantern to keep at least one bulb or a lamp. If you want to side lights, brass fittings, cast iron or enameled iron are effective. 

Hall - in parentheses, if possible, at least one outlet of the motherboard, a central ceiling light or side if desired. If the room is large a center cap on the floor is desirable. 

Plugs allow lamps to be used without unnecessary cables shown. If the cable must pass through a carpet, cut carpet, but in addition to fuel discussions. 

Dining - If there is one central light used domed, hang low enough to avoid shining in the eyes of the restaurants. 

A slight effect is gained by representing the side supports applets. Wired glass or metal fireplace candelabra and table-side, give soothing effect. Floor outlet near a dining table for electrical table. 

Rooms - Calendar should be placed in long wall space suitable for office or toilet. Having outlet near the bed lamp for reading in bed. If space allows, night light on the table in the upper room is useful. 

All outlets should be as standard and size. 

Cleaning 

Home should be easy to clean with smooth hard floors, cracked and full, and rugs instead of carpets. 

The rounded edges and corners of desirable sockets, sockets also simple. A flight of stairs is enough if you are out of sight of the living room. This saves the job of cleaning up two flights. Two cleaning closets, one on the ground floor and one on the second floor, are labor-saving. Having a space vacuum and to hang all the brushes, brooms and dusters, and a shelf above or beside the cleaning compounds. Zinc, lining or other fireproof cabinet and fan desirable. 

Storage space - Penthouse with rows of shelves to store boxes and small items is desirable. wooden chests, trunks, and a cedar lined chest or closet helpful. Wardrobes or rows of low-cost boxes of drawers with room to pass between are good. 

Storage cabinets 

Each bedroom must have clothes closet with hooks and a hanger bar, a shelf for hats and a bottom shelf for shoes. A closet can have high ceiling, about one additional bar hangers for clothes less frequently used, and long rod lifter to reach suspensions. A wardrobe of bed should be in the upstairs lounge or in a central room. On the ground floor coat closet is desirable, also tool cabinet or chest, large porcelain cupboard, low enough for all that China will become available to them. Cold cupboard with wire mesh windows in the basement. 

Pantry 

If the kitchen is well ventilated and the stove is the hood, it is not necessary to go to the pantry. Makes additional steps. If pantry go home, only its most narrow gap should dining kitchen. Partitions under the sink for dishes standing close leaves room for table, China cabinet shelves can be, a sink and drainers such as those described for the kitchen are desirable.
