Quilt Pink Swiss dots, with wide wheel. 
A toilet - To match the bed with pink carpet Satin - bound in pale gray boxes. 

A large box - For the waist, etc. Covered in pink and gray chintz. 

A desk - To correspond with painted furniture, gray blotting paper and pen pink. 

Two presidents - one of natural wicker with pink satin cushions, and a wooden match painted furniture, chair caning. 

A sewing table - mahogany or cherry. 

A lamp - base of China, with a silk curtain, Swiss dots, or pink paper. 

The Nursery 

The ideal nursery is also a games room. Should, wherever possible, comply with the ideals of their own child's world. 

In this room are the first impressions are never forgotten, and have a lasting influence on adult life. 

Do not adorn the cribs, beds, curtains or ribbons and lace, and expect their child to be happy. 

The "no" and "being carefuls" make children irritable and unhappy. 

Choose the room with a thought to sunlight, and make sure you have the roller shutters to darken the room without air. 

The soil should be naked except for a rug beside the bed, or be covered with a good grade of linoleum format. 

The walls and furniture should be painted, if possible, a cream or light gray. 

Some fairy tale friezes are attractive, and offer opportunities to introduce color, but, if used, should not be placed too high on the wall - around three quarters of its height from the ground is a reasonable height. 

Children study has shown that many of the designs and repeated and subjects lose their meaning, especially for older children. 

The furniture in the nursery should be practical. 

painted furniture and wicker chairs are attractive. 

A comfortable chair with wings or comfortable for adults is essential. 

Under shelves and cabinets, built for toys and books are needed if the room should be kept clean and tidy. 

A chalkboard set, and a large box of books and articles ones, are welcome additions. 

A suggested color scheme Nursery 

Walls - A painting soft and hazy, gray, color, or plain paper. 

Woodwork - An opaque white. 

Floors - normal wood with a cloth or braided rug blue sapphire - or soft, covered in linoleum Taupe Jasper. 

Below is a suggested list of nursery furniture that may contain 

A Crib - White iron or wood, ball bearing wheels. 

Seersucker quilt of yellow and white, or yellow sunfast silky. 

A high chest of drawers - painted white or cream, with lots of drawers. 

Ping - Under care or a high that has had its legs cut off. 

Two presidents - low, with wooden seats, and painted to match the furniture. 

A desk - superior holiday with a lot of paper and pencils. 

Waste Paper Basket - white or natural wicker. 

A great President Fireside - With sliding cover of the blue-striped clothes and yellow. 

Glass shades - from the highest quality cream-colored gauze, tied with yellow ribbon. 

More curtains (if desired) - Of silk primrose yellow, or sunfast, or clothes yellow and blue stripes to match coverslip. 

Clothes rack - mounted on wood, painted white, with at least four hooks. 

Closet - Must have a post in what could be hanging a lot of hangers. Also a rack about 6 inches from the floor for shoes, etc. 

Large floor pillows - One each of blue, yellow, green and orange Nile. 

Color Scheme - If you want other color combinations such as blue and black, or pink and white, to write the information. 

Kitchen Model 

Prepared by the Office HOME ECONOMICS DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE 

The first consideration in organizing kitchen equipment to save steps and work. The kitchen should be clean, odorless and attractive. 

Size - No more than 120 square feet of workspace for food preparation and washing dishes. More space in the kitchen is used for laundry or dining room is. 

Ventilation - If there are no cross currents are provided to cut a mirror on the back door if possible window together and make arrangements to allow ventilation through the top and bottom of the window.
