Bedspread of rose dotted swiss, with wide ruffle.
A Dressing Table--To match bed, with rose colored sateen mats-- bound in pale-gray with drawers.

A Large Box--For waists, etc. Covered in rose and gray cretonne.

A Desk--To correspond with painted furniture; a gray blotter and rose colored pen.

Two Chairs--One of natural wicker with cushions of rose sateen, and one of wood to correspond with painted furniture, caned seat.

A Sewing Table--Of mahogany or cherry.

A Lamp--China base with a shade of silk, dotted swiss, or rose- colored paper.

The Nursery

The ideal nursery is also a play room. It should, as nearly as possible, meet the ideals of the child's own world.

In that room are received early impressions which are never forgotten, and which have a lasting influence on the adult life.

Don't bedeck the cribs, beds, or curtains with ribbons and laces, and expect your child to be happy.

The "don'ts" and "be carefuls" make children irritable and unhappy.

Choose the room with a thought to sunlight, and be sure it has outside blinds which will darken the room without keeping out the air.

The floor should be bare with the exception of one rug near the bed, or should be covered with a good grade of plain linoleum.

The walls and woodwork should be painted, if possible, a cream or light gray.

Some fairy tale friezes are attractive, and afford opportunities of introducing color, but, if used, should not be placed too high on the wall--about three-quarters of the way up from the floor is a reasonable height.

Child-study has taught that many and oft-repeated designs and subjects become meaningless, especially to older children.

The furniture in the nursery should be practical.

Painted furniture and wicker chairs are attractive.

A comfortable winged or overstuffed chair for the grown-ups is essential.

Low shelves and cupboards, built for toys and books, are necessary if the room is to be kept neat and tidy.

A stationary blackboard, and a large box for books and cherished belongings, are very welcome additions.

A Suggested Color Scheme for the Nursery

Walls--A soft, misty, gray paint, tint, or plain paper.

Woodwork--A dull white.

Floors--Plain hardwood, with a rag or braided rug in sapphire blue--or softwood, entirely covered in taupe Jaspe linoleum.

Below Is a Suggested List of Furnishings Which the Nursery Might Contain

A Crib--White iron or wood, on ball bearing casters.

Bedspread of yellow and white seersucker, or a silky yellow sunfast.

A Tall Chest of Drawers--Painted cream or white, with plenty of drawers.

Table--Low nursery table or tall one which has had its legs cut.

Two Chairs--Low, with wooden seats, and painted to match the furniture.

A Desk--Flat top with plenty of paper and pencils.

Waste Paper Basket--White or natural wicker.

One Large Fireside Chair--With slip cover of blue and yellow striped linen.

Glass Curtains--Of best quality of cream colored cheesecloth, bound in yellow tape.

Over draperies (If desired)--Of primrose yellow silk, or sunfast, or striped yellow and blue linen to match slip cover.

Clothes Rack--Low wooden rack, painted white, with at least four hooks.

Closet--Should have a low pole on which could be hung plenty of hangers. Also a shelf about 6 inches from the floor for shoes, etc.

Large Cushions for the floor--One each of blue, yellow, nile green and orange.

Color Scheme--If you desire another color scheme, such as blue- and-white, or pink-and-white, write for information.

Model Kitchen

PREPARED BY THE HOME ECONOMICS BUREAU OF THE DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

The first consideration in arranging kitchen equipment is to save steps and labor. The kitchen should be clean, odorless and attractive.

Size--Not more than 120 square feet of working space for preparing food and washing dishes. More space when kitchen is used for laundry or has dining alcove.

Ventilation--If no cross drafts are provided for, cut a transom over back door if possible and arrange window boards to allow ventilation through top and bottom of window.
