"Gold Hair," despite its picturesque lines is weak and inconclusive. Their morale is conventional, while the incident is too exaggerated sympathy. The series of poems called "James Lee" is full of beauty, but is too lazy to do an impression of the company. 
We suppose that tells the love story that exaggerates a common nature, clings to it, and shrinks away. 

What could be finer than the way a heart unsatisfied wind makes the interpreter of his pain and fear? This is the sixth poem, "Under the cliff." 

"O thou wouldst that I do not understand your willingness to help me -?. As the dog once I found the pace of this sad chapter alone, who would not take my food, poor dog, but I complained and licked her hand " 

But in this same poem the figure of the nun is artificial, and stop feeling pathetic. And we can not do anything out of the room, "Next to the drawing board" unless it is first separated from its position in the series, and like him alone. 

In general, many fine lines here, but no real person and there is no poetic impression. 

Neither the dramatic and the lyrical quality appears in this volume as it once did in the splendid "Bells and pomegranates, which gave us as living forms, and emotions as consistent and sustained, despite being so often suffers from excessive reflection. 

In this volume, the effects are less obvious, and the pen seems doggedly pursued less than usual. It has the air of having been scraped together. 

But how lovely "Confessions" and "Youth and Art" and "Like"! 

Besides these, the best pieces are those that play at the highest themes. 

"Mr. Sludge, the medium," can not be called a poem. It would not be possible to write satire, epic, romance, even elegy, that "the mousetrap philosophy," as Mr. Emerson once fetish style new mahogany tables. There is an element that calls the sense of beauty to incorporate, or challenges the weapon of wit to penetrate. It's humiliating, but not pathetic, even when hearts yearn are trying to pretend that vibrates his firstborn to them through a strange and mind of an employee's. Not even grotesque, but it is serious, and flat, and stale, their messages are fools, their mechanism of dilapidated relics of ancient Greece fakers and Alexandria. 

No excitement, no terror, there is some concern, nothing more than "goose bumps" and disgust, the influence of the presence of the medium. Pegasus does not have to be saddled; call, rather, to the police. 

However, this composition, Mr. Browning that have taken place in a time of great indignation, with the motive of self-help is full of common sense. He claims his career sludge becomes the point that in general people like to be deceived, especially in matters related to the invisible world. Sludge should be right in this, otherwise theologians have not had a successful career. The easy and willing "circle" betrays the middle imaginative reporting which seems more to be desired. 

The superstition of the people wake up and feed himself. He is only one against a crowd that floods your expectations, and resents the lack of the supernatural. Mr. sludge is not so much to blame: people in a position to push the thing up now that he is forced to cheat in self defense. And when a man wit tasks successfully, if only to fool the fools, who has a sense of satisfaction in an effort similar to the rhetoric and the healer. 

But the shrewdness and common sense can do a poem to take the measure of blank verse. And some Yankee phrases stick in the mud Mr. discuss, such as "cock-tail stiffish, V-notes", "laughter", references to "Greeley newspaper, Beacon Street, etc: There is no character in them at all.
