The “Gold Hair,” is just a picturesque lines, but does not withstand those lines, It is weak and does not have a conclusion. The incident is made for sympathy,but  its moral is conventional one.”James Lee” is a series of small poems which is completely beautiful and and it has beautiful lines.. We are not able to make a firm impression because its vague and beauty.
It tells us about a love story which usually exaggerates a nature which common everywhere.We clings to its feelings  and shrivels away."Under the Cliff" is the sixth poem which ispresented in a finer way and the  heart which is unsatisfied makes the wind to be the interpreter of that hearts pain and dread.Like the dog that I found once, which is sad in this solitary strand. which will not take my food and the poor hound. But the dog will whine and lick my hand. I will not be understanding that they will be there to help me.
The pathetic feeling of the nun is interrupted in this poem. The artificial figure of the noun is also seen here.”Beside the drawing board, we cannot understand or create anything from this piece.We will have to like it alone unless we will have to detach it from the position in the series.Many fine lines are here but does not have any poetic impression or real person is not present.
The "Bells and Pomegranates"was splendid and gave us a vivid shapes, and emotions so consistent and sustained,though they were flawed by over –reflection.The dramatic or the lyrical quality doesnot appear in this volume.I t has the chance of  being scrapped together ,The pen have delivered them with less tenacity than usual and its purposes are less palpable in this volume.The charming and interesting part is the “Confessions” and Youth and Art” and “A Likeness”.
Mr .Sludge can be called the “rat-hole philosophy” and cannot be called a poem. It is not possible to write satire ,or cannot be specified as epic or not even elegy. The new fetichism of Mahogany tables were styled by Mr.Emerson.It challenges the wit to transfix it and asks the sense of beauty to incorporate it. Its not pathetic but humiliating. Its not grotesque, but its gross flat and stale. It does not pretend that their first one vibrates to them through a strangers mind. Its machinery is the rickety heirlooms of old humbugs of Greece and Alexandria.The messages are fatuous.

Pegasus must not be saddled, but summon rather the police.This does not have any thrill,or any terror and does not have the true awe and nothing.This has things that creep from the mediums presence like goose flesh and disgust.

This composition is full of common sense,Mr Browning have undertaken this as a moment of high indignation and motive of self relief.In the matters relating to the invisible world the people will be deceived and its on this point that the vindication of career of Mr.Sludge’s turns upon.He must be right otherwise the theologians will not be having a successful run.The imaginative medium will be betrayed by the facile and eager “circle” while reporting what appears most which we desire.

He gets excited by the superstition of the people and the crowd is against him which deluges him with its expectation.He resents the scarcity of super natural things.Inorder to attain self defence the people is forced to cheat themselves and when he takes his wits ,if it will mislead only he will have a satisfaction.

Certain Yankee phases are pasted into Mr Mr. Sludge's talk, such as "stiffish cock-tail," "V-notes," "sniggering," allusions to "Greeley's newspaper," Beacon Street, etc.Characters are not present in them. But shrewdness and good sense cannot make a poem
