Strange! I thought, that this cave, once the residence of a thief, they have now become that of a forger. 
MLB 

* * * * * 

The selector; 

and 

Literary Notices 

New works. 

* * * * * 

Rienzi. 

At number 335, which gave a description of the history of Rienzi, mainly from Gibbon, but interspersed with other officials. 

Miss Mitford tragedy has been staged with great success, and published. In the preface, we are told that, besides the splendid description of Gibbon, has resorted to "continue to represent more graphically interesting and eventful career of Rienzi" contained in L'Abbé de Sade Pétrarque Memories and that, "so the female characters are concerned," the materials are entirely invention. All this may sound well enough to build the theater and the female characters are drawn with peculiar grace and feeling, but do not see why the character of Rienzi should be so fundamentally altered the story as it has been, nor think that any desired effect is obtained by this change. 

In the story, Rienzi is a master-spirit of reckless daring and outrageous, but in the drama, which is softened to a freedom fighter fickle, and the most severe of his vices is ignored with a show of affection and almost incoherent tenderness. 

As it is, is more like a wounded man, who so generously treated the oppression and injustice around him. 

Miss Mitford tragedy, however, be read with great interest in the closet, and fully appreciate its beauty, anyone who has seen it, read it, because many of its "touch sensitive" should be lost in the vast area of Drury Lane Theatre [2] The plot is simple and effective, he said., but as newspapers, daily and weekly, I have detailed, we confine ourselves to a few passages that, in our reading, we came among the beauties of drama. 

[2] illness has so far prevented our witnessing of the performance of Rienzi, but we have been told the play-going friends that every scene you listen carefully marked, and many passages are judiciously applauded. 

We are glad to hear this because it is a strong incentive for other playwrights, and leads us to expect that the tragedy of writing can still be revived among us, and with greater success than has attended many recent efforts. 

PROGRESS disaffection of Rienzi. 

Claudia. He has changed, changed terribly, still a great and friendly, and full of love relentings - crisscrossed by gusts of passion wild and stormy. So, it's so quiet - On one occasion so eloquent. From antiquity, every show, wedding, or just, or pious pilgrimage, lived in his live speech. 

Oh! "It was my joy, In that bright glow quick word to see sharp images, as the slow procession coiled its length bright, elegant, majestic tournament grew in his voice. Now she sits silent - Her grave eyes bent on the floor - each way inward. 

Rienzi. Claudia, in these evil days, when a man must necessarily travel the rocky road of law, hard and durable, do not properly at night and morning to give thanks to the power of all grace, who paved the way for tender feet women. 

Colonna. It has become a bitter villain in the afternoon, and lost his joy, and whispered warnings riddles and wild tales of the great days of pagan Rome and the chatter of peace and the philosophy of freedom and equality of law, and soft, we knights and warriors of this time of war, the law governing weapons bright. The fool has grown wise - A painful change. 

* * * * * 

Hatred - and danger - both hands tightly as they cling to each other - the two strings as soon as possible to weave a quick and stubborn tie: true-love knot is nothing for him. Faugh! The soft flexible interest, or the dust of time, or pin-point of genius, loose, or no, or a silk band add love. The fear and hatred of age are safe weavers - who work for the storm, the whirlwind, and the increase in rock, his knot lasts until death. 

WIN Rienzi. 

Hark - the bell, the bell! The touch of tyranny - the powerful voice which, to the city and the plain - the land, and listen to the sky, proclaiming the glorious history of Rome is reborn, and Freedom. See, the clouds are swept away, and the boat of the moon light the candles in the clear blue sky, and millions of stars, Look at us, and smile.
