So I found myself married to the chairman of the House Select Committee on Agriculture, a man who dreams of pending legislation and of grievances submitted by constituents.  A friend of mine recently complained that he daydreams as well -- he overheard him startled, still groggy from a power nap, exclaiming-- "--Never, Madam Speaker, as a rancher myself, will I allow my own ruin." 

Going for a morning jog with my son, I couldn't help  but tweet "What a great runner Jack is - and a great talker when I can catch him!"  It is great to have him around these days to float ideas, or to distract me from the daily grind.  Maybe someday he will follow in our footsteps - he has the stride and the mind!  And he is only three!

I shared this with my cousin via e-mail - she lives on the other end of the continent.  "I spent the weekend hiking the park with Jack and two of my fiends - you know Jane and Gail.  It was great to be out in the fresh air and to get some extended exercise for a change.  And talking with Jack - I joke I am barely more mature at twenty-one.

Hey - I hear you have special access in L.A. - maybe you can swing some tickets for the Lady Ga Ga concert coming up next month.

Hope to see you next time you are out our way.  Stay in touch.

E. M." 

Eve Molberg was the daughter of the mayor of Lindvale.  Straight out of high school, she married a local politician from a wealthy family - an easy enough fellow but nothing particularly distinguished about him one way or another. Some found his overly even temperament annoying.  "Why don't you get mad just once!"

The few years Eve had been married hadn't done much to change her character. Quick to show her feelings, generally happy, attractive and untainted by life's sorrows.

But she was beginning to suffer from the bad air of the city, pollen and mold counts being particulary high due to the five year drought; so with her doctor's advice, she was spending the summer at the beach with two older ladies, Marge and Irene. 

On the third day at the resort, she was sitting on the deck outside the condo with her two companions. Said Marge, "did you ever meet my cousin Bob? He lives right down the street from you." 

"Nope - though I am interested: that ruined mansion in Dichtsburgh belongs to him, I think." 

"It does. You ought to make a point to meet him: you would like him!" 

"Like him!" repeated Irene, who was one of those persons who seldom initiated a new thought: "like him? impossible!" "Why?" said Marge, irritated -- "what's not to like? --he's young, talented, and smart." "Well," said Irene, "I can't say I noticed."
