He's the chosen chairman to a select committee in the House. He murmurs agricultural distresses in his sleep; and when I asked him occasionally to come down here to see me, he woke from a reverie, and exclaimed-- "--Never, Mr. Speaker, as a landed proprietor; never will I consent to my own ruin."

I wish you could see how fast my boy, my own, my beautiful companion, can run, and how sensibly he can talk.  I said to Mr. Mandeville the other day, "What a fine figure he has for his age!"

"Figure! age! in the House of Commons he shall make a figure to every age." said his father the other day. In writing to you, I know you will not be happy if I do not say a great deal about myself. I would like to tell you, that the exercise aid air has made me feel already much better! the trip, talking to my two guests, and, above all, from the constant companionship of my dear son, who turned three on his last birthday. I think that at the age of twenty-one, I am the least childish of the two. Please remember me to all in town who have not quite forgotten me.

Ask Lady ------ to send Elizabeth a subscription ticket for Almack's, and--oh, talking of Almack's, I believe my boy's eyes are even more beautiful and blue than Lady C-----'s.

Adieu, my dear Julia, Ever, &c. E. M.

Lady Emily Mandeville was the daughter of the Duke of Lindvale.

Lady Mandeville married, at the age of sixteen, a wealthy man of some parliamentary reputation. 

Compared with the ordinary standard of men he was neither in person nor in character much beneath or above. He was one of Nature's Macadamised achievements. His great fault was his equality; and you longed for a hill though it were to climb, or a stone though it were in your way.

Even if that something be what others would hate, Love attaches itself to something prominent. One can hardly feel extremes for mediocrity. Her character had not changed much in the few years Lady Emily had been married. Not quick to anger but quick in feeling; she was happy because her heart was young and hadn't seen loss rather than having felt great joy; as an enthusiast's dream of heave, pure and beautiful, while bearing within the latent and powerful passion and tenderness of earth: she mixed with all a simplicity and innocence which the extreme earliness of her marriage, and the ascetic temper of her husband, had tendered less to diminish than increase.

She characteristics of genius, the warmth of a vivid emotion, an admiration for the grand and  affection for the good, and the dangerous hatred of for whatever is worthless and mean, the very indulgence of which is an offence against the habits of the world. However, her eccentric tastes were very feminine and chaste: they were rather calculated to conceal than to publish the deeper recesses of her nature; and it was beneath that polished surface of manner common to those with whom she mixed, that she hid the treasures of a mine which no human eye had beheld.

Her naturally delicate health suffered from the dissipation of London.  By the advice of her doctors she had spent the summer at E------. Lady Margaret Leslie, and Mrs. Dalton had agreed to accompany her to convelecse in the country;  Lady Leslie was old enough to be tired with the caprices of society abd Mrs. Dalton had just lost her husband, so by the standards of the day was not allowed to partake of its amusements. 

Neither was very suited to Emily, but almost any one is agreeable to us when they are young: the years which harden our habits, and the wisdom of age which refines our taste, that it becomes difficult to please, and easy to dissapoint us.

On the third day after Emily's arrival at , she was sitting after breakfast with Lady Margaret and Mrs. Dalton. "Pray," said the former, "did you ever meet my relation, Mr. Falkland? he is in your immediate neighbourhood." "Never; though I have a great curiosity: that fine old ruin beyond the village belongs to him, I believe."

Emily was sitting after breakfast with Lady Margaret and Mrs. Dalton on the third day after their arrival at E------.  "Pray, did you ever meet my relation, Mr. Falkland? he is in your immediate neighbourhood.", said Lady Margaret. "Never; though I have a great curiosity: that fine old ruin beyond the village belongs to him, I believe."

Similar to people of ton who are nothing individually while everything together with other people, Mrs. Dalton repeated: "It does. You ought to know him: you would like him so!" "Like him! like him? impossible!".  Lady Margaret responded indignantly: "Why? He has every requisite to please--youth, talent, fascination of manner, and great knowledge of the world."  "Well, I cannot say I discovered his perfections", said Mrs. Dalton.
