It was not a theoretical analysis which done by me.

I shared the secrets of my job with the agent members.

When I was in the intention of doing something, I looked into me and traveled through the alertness and the achievements of my heart power.When i felt bored, I was floating on the surface only .I could not looked into me and my heart power.

Sometimes I thought, Why I felt unhappy even though I had all the things  and could understand the things to do to attain my ambitions and aims in my life.Yes, It fully depends on my heart. It only makes me soft and ca-roded all my powerful desire of my mind.

I felt very bad for wasting my whole young life.The one who wasted their life like me might admired at the mass.I feel ashamed for the sympathy of myself.Instead of searching for the realness of love, I shrinked me in the feelings of sadness.

I wondered that really did i do anything for the service of men. I could see more individual failures to complete the measures successfully.We can work on the events and move it to success but we cannot continue our efforts. We start to hate to do the efforts.We bored ourselves. But it leads to the dangerous end.

Even in the worries, I neglected to shape my desires and to clear my studies,but I was listening to my heart oscillation.Because of my unsteadiness I wasted my whole young life.The young life is wasted within me without giving pleasure.I was tired to wake up my soul to remember the benefits of my youthness. Nobody was there to share my happiness and sadness.

More experiences are written in the pages of Chalmers.

When I was young, I had a deep attraction towards love and to be loved.But it was too young to feel that. So that feelings passed  away from me.But still now I never experienced it again.

My manliness blocked me to welcome my youthness.It makes me to see the world in fiction instead of seeing its reality.In true, I wont get any reward if i see the world in its reality.

But I can drive me from my errors and hold me up in the paradise.

Now I want to acknowledge myself.

Men who have no conditions  and adjusted with normal lives of the world can  afford all the earthly pleasures.

I degenerated myself.Neither the men nor the women makes me happy.My aims could not reach its goals.I was disappointed finally.I felt bad at my friends not for their faithlessness  but for not having flavor in their speech.I failed to see the happiness and failed to attain victory in their love.

My feelings is not a temporary one but it urged me a long back.Now i formed a solution for that.I am adopting that.

Now I have made a new agreement with the nature.Like a bird which flies all the day around the world and enjoys its time but has come back to its home at last, I want to live. Still i have one thought in my mind which all the time engaged in me. That thought helps me to reduce the gloomy in the present life.My dear friend Monkton, "Do u think that it all usual for the human beings."

With regards.
