Allow him to remember the adoring smiles with which he recieved her pretty professions of desolate helplessness and impotence in family life before marriage, finding only eloquence and grace in what, after marriage, proved a liability.

And if a man realizes that his wife is derelict in her obligations to him, is his best remedy to call out, without proper manners, all of the criticisms and chastigations of her household demeanor which spring into his mind?

He wouldn't have the bravery to speak with such unapologetic gusto to his boss, the neighborhood butcher, or the baker down the street. When Enthusius was still single, he never criticized the table at his boarding-house without heavy thought, and he took great pains to soften the blows of his words. Social custom dictates that a man should qualify, lighten, and prudently time his criticisms to those he meets in the outside world, or his criticisms will turn on him and rend him. But to his own wife, in his own house and abode, a man can find errant ways without politeness or softening of his verbal blows. So he can; and he can awake, in but a couple of years, to find his wife much different than she was before, and his home unbearable and alien. He may find, also, that rude nitpicking is a game for two, and that a woman can shoot her arrows far more accurately than a man can.

But the fault is not always the husband's doing. As often as is a loyal, soft-spoken, moderate man harassed and persecuted and lured by the selfish chastisement of a wife whose main skill seems to be her ability to find his weak point in all matters.

We've seen the most giving, the most compassionate and lenient of men, under such conditions, transformed into the most bitter and unyielding of husbands.

Sure to be found in error with whatever they do, such men have become lethargic.

The disappointment of not elating their wives they have compensated for by not elating anyone.

We once had aquaintance with a man who married a pampered beauty, whose muttering, demands, and whims were endless. He had at last, as an escape for his anxious mind, come upon the tendency to be neglectful; he responded to her wishes and grievances with total indifference, and continued living as if she was a nonexistent spector. He quietly gave onto her what he deemed suitable, without giving any notice to her demands. Illness came, but the husband's heart was desolate and estranged; there was no sympathy left to comfort her. Death came, and he sighed as an unburdened man. Again he married, - a homely, plain woman, who, however, held much love and purity, - a woman who demanded very little, scarcely blamed, and then with all the ceremony and consideration which the utmost thoughtfulness could fashion; and the neglectful, inactive husband became the loyal follower of her will.
