It is basically accepted that there is a certain key to eating juby-juby nuts. It is the discussion about how, when, and where to eat the juby-juby nut that causes a lot of friction. Different people all claim that their particular methods are the right ones, pointing out those that fail in their process of eating as proof that their own way is right. Among surviving Kakekikokuans there are many different opinions, and conflict often arises among different factions even after fighting a common enemies, all in an attempt to put to rest the argument over the best way to eat their unique fruit. 

Thanks to this an entire people are basically committing 'race-suicide.' Conflict doesn't arise only from argument over the juby-juby nut issue. Different issues - like how many beads a person should wear around his or her neck when visiting the medicine man, whether the national custom of saluting the sun as it rises should be honored when the sky is cloudy, or whether medicine-men are entitled to pick yams any day but Sunday - all create strife within the Kakekikokuan people. These issues tear can tear people apart: people with different opinions don't eat together or interact socially, and even their children aren't allowed to play together. 

However, there may be hope. A group of Church of England missionaries, sent by the Bishop of Zanzibar, has come to the land. It is hopeful that their positive attitude and open-mindedness will help open the Kakekikokuan people's eyes to their shared brotherhood. 

********

********

Mr. Bernard Shaw, author of 'Pygmalion,' has been accused by German critics of plagiarizing Tobias Smollett's novel, "The Peregrine Pickle." The accusation, however, is preposterous - Mr. Shaw denies having ever even read Smollett's novel, and claims that such an accusation shows extreme ignorance of English culture. 

********

Mr. Spademan (of Woodnewton, Northants) put twelve eggs to incubate under a hen, and hatched thirteen chickens. One of the eggs had two yolks, leading to the extra bird. All of the birds were doing well, and the whole ordeal was a lesson to Mr. Spademan's hens.

****

The doctor said, "As a matter of fact, you shouldn't talk at all, but that's asking a lot. Just don't say anything more than you need to."

With that he said 'good-bye,' and left the room. 

While the patient was left to consider those instructions (wondering just how many words were really necessary), the nurse came into the room. 

She said, "The doctor's gone."

It seemed apparent enough that this was true, so the patient didn't reply. She looked out the window at the blue sky and bright sunshine. 

"It's a really nice day."

The patient still said nothing, not falling for her attempt to strike up a conversation. He did think, however, that he had made a similar remark himself the previous day.

"Do you want the paper?" 

"Yes," the patient said, almost instantly regretting. He had waited almost fifty years for that newspaper, surely he could have waited longer. At least the paper would help pass time.
