That this virtue exists is generally accepted; but when it comes to a discussion of how, when and where to chew the nut, much wrangling goes on; and such men as survive in battle claim that their particular method is proved to be the correct one, while such as succumb are cited in proof of the error of their process of absorbing the juices of the juby-juby nut. 

 The survivors include, of course, representatives of various schools of thought, and a battle against a common enemy rarely goes by without being immediately followed by a conflict among the surviving Kakekikokuans in order to put to final proof their respective theories about their remarkable fruit. 

 Thus a promising people is committing race-suicide; for this sort of thing goes on not only in connection with this particular problem, but over such questions as the number of beads to wear round one's neck when visiting the medicine-man, whether the national custom of saluting the rising sun need be observed on cloudy mornings, and whether the medicine-man is entitled to the pick of the yams on any day but Sunday. 

 People of different opinions on these points decline to eat together or to enter into social intercourse with one another; and their children are forbidden to mingle in play. 

 The good news has just come to hand, however, that a band of Church of England missionaries, despatched by the Bishop of ZANZIBAR, has now entered the country; and it is delightful to contemplate the beneficent result that may be expected from their broadminded attitude and their sane teaching on the subject of the brotherhood of man. 

 * * * * * 

 * * * * * 

 "The Berlin critics have been accusing Mr. Bernard Shaw of having committed in his 'Pygmalion,' produced in Germany the other day, a plagiarism from Smollett's novel, 'Peregrine Pickle.' Mr. Shaw denies that he has ever read the novel in question, and, in an interview in the London 'Observer,' remarks: 'The suggestion of the German papers that I had Pygmalion produced in Germany lest I should be detected in my own country of plagiarism, shows an amusing ignorance of English culture.'"--Yorkshire Evening Post. 

 It does. 

 Why even our most cultured countryman, Mr. BERNARD SHAW, has never read Peregrine Pickle. 

 * * * * * 

 "Mr. Spademan, of Woodnewton, Northants, placed a dozen eggs under a hen some time ago, and there were hatched out thirteen chickens, one of the eggs being double-yolked. 

 All the young birds are doing well. 

 Burroughes and Watts' billiard tables for accuracy."--Birmingham Daily Mail. 

 They are, in fact, a lesson to Mr. STADEMAN's hens. 

 * * * * * 

 LACONICS. 

 "As a matter of fact," said the doctor, "you ought not to speak at all. But that's asking too much. 

 So let it go at this--not a word more than is necessary. Good-bye.", 

 He left the room and I lay back pondering on his instructions. How many words were really necessary? 

 The nurse soon after entered. 

 "So the doctor's gone," she said. 

 Obviously it wasn't necessary to say Yes, since the room was empty save for me and her; so I made no reply. 

 She went to the window and looked out. The sky was blue and the sunshine was brilliant. 

 "It's a fine day," she said. 

 No, I thought, you don't catch me there; and said nothing. But I reflected that yesterday I might myself have made the same inane remark as she. 

 "Would you like the paper?" she asked. 

 "Yes," I said, and then almost regretted it, for having waited nearly fifty years for yesterday's news surely I could wait longer. Still, the paper would help to pass the time.
