30 cents a day!

"Laborers: Don't forget that the military (who are posing as torturers) or the workers of Belgium are actually German workers as well!"

"In the middle of our misery, we rely on you to act! Even if excessive force works momentarily in making us slaves, we will never willingly allow ourselves to be slaves."

"Finally: no matter what happens to us, know that we do not want peace unless our country has become independent and just."

"THE WORKMEN OF BELGIUM."

Conclusion:

Our goal is not to make soldiers commit crimes like theirs. Sometimes drastic measures are necessary; but revenge is below us. But--without speaking of personal punishments, demanded by outraged conscience, and essential in order that the two indivisible principles of right and of responsibility may still exist in the world--we must make it absolutely impossible for the Wild Beast to break out again.

The Allied Nations must know what is happening here if they are to understand the sacrifices they must make to guarantee peace. It is not enough for the government and a few hundred well-read individuals to know of these crimes; they must be known by everybody, the entire people- the people who control, support, and direct their government and are masters of their own destiny. 

The people need to know what is being done in the name of "Kultur" so that they may take precautions to prevent their return. That is our first goal. Our second goal is to achieve remembrance of our martyrs. 

Where they fell, we will undoubtedly carve their names in stone or bronze. But in the future, in times of peace, when Germans have reappeared in every land, culture, and society; what should our attitude be? 

Our answer is this: as long as Germany has not cast from its borders the individuals who committed such atrocities, we will consider it a betrayal of our martyrs to rub shoulders with those people. Until the day arrives- if it arrives- of striking moral repentance, to forget these crimes would be to condone them.

L. Mirman, Prefect of Muerthe-et-Moselle. G. Simon, G. Keller, Mayor of Nancy. Mayor of Luneville.
