Original text: The rewritten version: 
"You do not know a thing about it - not a thing"
"Sartingly no! 

It is the young uns these days knows everything, an 'the ole you know nothing. " 

But yo 'ole father knows what he's talking' bout. 

The likes o 'he would never marry any girl who is put in Footin' er cow MED. Yer is reckin Miss Rutles' would be exceptional 'visits in' cornfiel er, and let him do so free? " 

"Just what happened, the father." 

"Hump!" It happened so often er well, it happens ter know. Happenin 'things do not come with reg'ler entertain, Mell. 

View Hur, my girl, "Tain't no use argufyin" MED me on the 'subjective. I have not nary Ergin objecshun yo 'wedding' young! Always - now listen, Mell - if you git relatives. It is purty is grayhoun er ', an' I reckin has intellergence much, but insted effects lettin 'you a fool er, is that now is trying to b, turn the tables, Mell. 

The biggest fool in this Airth or higher "is the woman who wants ter git married, the next biggest fool is the man in a hurry ter git er er woman! 

One mo 'word, Mell, an "I'll go my way, and you will yourn family. 

Is not gwine ter mortifying that no 'mo. Remember, what I say: Thar's only one thing to do fine er dassent gentlemin MED - trus' him! Do not trus 'him, Mell, not trus' him! My Chile, the good Lord is not denied you brains, use em! Here ends the chapter on Devilho - " 

Shut down sharply, Mr. robust Creecy swollen the hill, leaving his daughter in the deep moodiness, but with much solid food for thought.

His 

eyes followed him cranky. He was only a step - a Darkey. Never seemed so hopelessly ugly, clumsy and illiterate, never did so completely and exasperating vulgar, horrible and abominable, yet thought deeply about his words. 

Its effect on the surprise itself. Can an uneducated man to be wise? Ah, Mell! wisdom is not slowed by the rhetoric, nor governed by the grammar. 

The finem respicere of illiterates often appears jure divino. 

After a while Mell wiped the last tear of pride in great distress, that hung like a dewdrop on a long curling eyelashes. The gall and wormwood to his present feelings had withdrawn a little. She knew what she was doing. 

"I'm going out of this!" "Said Mell, talking to herself, in particular, and space in general. "Outside it, the first opportunity." 

Out of what, Mell? 

This monotonous life of a few great care and testing? this association similar to that of an old mother overworked and sickly (once as beautiful as yourself, Mell) and an ugly old father, poorly educated and illiterate? 

Mell Is that what you intend to leave? 

Yes, and the means to make it as easy as possible, according to his own conception of the matter. Other girls may find it necessary to work in their own way, by a long and tedious process, an unpleasant environment, but will do so with a brilliant coup - coute qu'il court. 

Put a sign in very Mell, proclaim it on the market, the news hawk on street corners, to enroll in the pages of great book up there! 

To unite their destinies with some being - not for God's blessing and be blessed - not vital, to love and be loved; not necessarily a sensitive and affectionate, therefore, become equipped to share in his joy and assuage his pain, but just a little to be of male endowment serving in the capacity of a latch-key instrument through which admission can be obtained in superior courts world, whose delights without trying his whole nature was panting, from now until she is, the purpose and objective of the existence of Mellville Creecy. 

Ho, no! you all buyers, come this way! 

Here is a woman for sale! 

CHAPTER II. 

A straw in the eye.
