We tried to have dinner, a condensed all these hiccups. But I could not eat anything. M. de Francueil might be funny that day, and Rousseau fled at the table without saying a word - sad, maybe, and has found a contradiction in his argument is the most persecuted, the man most hated and most maligned. "

The simplicity of the narrative justifies the quotation here, as illustrative of the taste and manners that prevailed a hundred years ago.

The intense emotions provoked by the "Nouvelle Heloise" is little more foreign to our ideas and experience that tears in the triangular room, dinner, silent through more than feeling that came after.

M. Dupin Francueil, they lived in large, but the generous extravagance, and his widow said, "Will ruin the most amiable in the world."

It 'died, leaving a lot of confusion estates, which were forced his widow and son "to accept poverty and seventy-five thousand pounds of annual income. - The amount that a revolution in the day, significantly reduced until the outbreak, Madame Dupin lived in peace and prosperity, but not large scale of days before - in fact the main purpose of care and education of his son, Maurice, in which capacity it has secured the services of young abbot, who later became a citizen Descartes care, and continuity of service of the family towards the end of a moderately long life.

This character plays an important role too in his memoirs, to be passed without further notice. He continued to be the teacher and faithful companion of Mauritius until the requirements of the military withdrawal of its control.

It was also the businessman Mrs. Dupin, and a day later, Professor George itself, which, with childish petulance, gave him the nickname of a great man, therefore, we are told she is omnicompetent and air of importance. "My grandmother, says," had no premonition that, by giving your child's education, she was sure the tyrant, El Salvador and friend of his remaining life as a whole. "We are happy to give the full picture here in the guardian of George, but if you have to stop drawing pictures of this admirable work, our review would become a volume.

We can borrow a line or two, and proceed to consideration of other issues.

"It was beautiful, but I'm sure nobody, not even in his heyday, would have looked without laughing, was so clearly written in the pedantic word every line of his face and every movement of his person. For completeness, it should have been ignorant, greedy, and cowardly. But far, was very learned, temperate, brave and crazy. He had all the qualities of the soul, along with an unbearable alienation, and self-satisfaction, which amounted almost to delirium.

But what dedication, what zeal, what a tender and generous soul! "

In the intervals of business required, studied medicine and surgery in the second, where he attained great skill. In the following several years of his life in the country, he made these results very useful for people in the village. No stress of weather or time of unreasonableness could remember attending the sick, when summoned, but is obliged, as George said, of being ridiculous and sublime in all things he used to beat his patients when they were brave enough to offer him money for their healing, and even made weapons missile poultry and game, as they led him in recognition of his services, assail shots and harder words until they fled, amused or angry.

Maurice, his first student was a beautiful child and indolent, and showed the resilience of nature just his youth, when the need for a career was forced into the ranks of the great army.

The first threats to the revolution in Madame Dupin unalarmed an observer. As a follower of Voltaire and Rousseau, she could not but hate the abuse of the court; she also shares the alienation of the personality of the aristocracy of the German woman called Marie-Antoinette.
