Comprehensive home, to meet the crisis at hand, scanning Government Whips Members. 
"I'll tell you what I'll do," says PENROSE FITZGERALD to AKERS-Douglas, "I hate to garden parties and that sort of thing, but as we'll be in a hole if the division is now quick, I'll take taxi, run up Marlborough House, go look for some men, inconvenient, you know, works against the grain, but would be here helping you in the mix brilliant crowd, but, as the Governor, it is our duty Loadstar, to say the word , and I'm going out of Pall Mall and find a lot down. " 

"Fitzgerald," said Akers-Douglas, wringing her hands, "You're a brick. I always think right, and are willing to do it." 

Douglas paused to wipe tears from their tender glands removed for this test of self-sacrifice. When he did, looking back to figure the force-withdrawal Fitzgerald could not help but notice how smart he was raised, summer pants, white vest, the short "reefer", known in the lobby, next to the coat courtier watched him walking backward, producing silk gloves purple. 

"Odd," Douglas said, reflectively. "Fitzgerald never expected to go to Garden Party, down here to help me; sudden emergency, and the spirit of devotion, suggested to run again and see what could be done; happy coincidence to find an exception, in the right platform. never have done for him to run to Marlborough House to meet the Queen in his "reefer." Funny, when I think about it. 

Hope no more than it seems. " 

But there was. 

The debate on the amendment abruptly closed Robertson, Division ran; position critical of the government; AKERS-Douglas anxiously watching the match Fitzgerald and Marlborough House relief, but failed, and the Division of Government except for the skin of the teeth and eight votes. An hour later, Penrose Fitzgerald returned to the lobby to look guilty, he carefully avoided Akers-Douglas, the captain can also heartbroken at the perfidy of being angry, "Noah's dove did not treat him well," he said to himself, but all he said to Fitzgerald, "Nice party at Marlborough House, I suppose?" 

"Yee-es," said Fitzgerald, "and no, it could return as soon as I expected." 

Operation performed votes .-- Irish bid. 

Tuesday .-- all regular members ARTHUR Irish Prince. MADDEN bravely threw himself on the body of his boss, but it was such a terrible beating retired in silence for the rest of the session. 

What made it worse for President ruled ARTHUR, pulled him up more than once to applause and cries of the opposition. Tim Healy on the war path; Tennyson appointment with unusual variation, representing the Prince Arthur, Irish members saying, "You do not have the attitude that makes the cast of Vere de Vere." 

Minutes from time to time live, grow a little monotonous after the first five hours. STUART met running out, humming to himself the air, "Haste to the wedding." 

Will not you stay for the division? "I asked. 

"No," he said. "I gathered, strikes only the picture, and when you request it, see you get it;. Nothing really have a major commitment by tomorrow morning. 

If you wake up early COLMAN, COLMAN wanted early, Toby. " 

He looked incoherent speech, thought at first he was mad or had dined. Then I remembered that morning in Norfolk, he married Miss Colman. 

Operation performed votes .-- More than Ireland.

Thursday .-- E pur si muove, ie moves, all move, despite Bramwell. London, probably the only people in the world has the supernatural patience to submit with their movements hampered by the bars and gates put up by some of its main streets. 

Oddly enough, gather cluster around train stations in the North. Today, Rosebery of Lords moves second reading of the bill designed to get swept. 

Bramwell protests. "Speaking" he said, "on behalf of more than two hundred people in the district affected by the bill, I ask your Lordships to reject it." This is too much even for the House of Lords. Assumed that luxury two hundred people that weigh against the appropriateness of the population of London was a little monster. Bramwell kept his countenance admirably. CHANCELLOR LORD looked with admiration. 

"That's the man for me, TOBY," he said. "If we have a House of Lords all BRAMWELLS, Woolsack with me, we do old England once again a happy place." 

Rest of the house, however, not be in jest.
