House pretty whole, knowing crisis at deal; Authorities Whips reconnaissance for Members.
"Verify you what I'll do," says PENROSE Singer to AKERS-DOUGLAS; "I dislike garden-parties and that sort of feeling, but as we shall be in a mess if Segmentation now rushed, I'll undergo cab, run up to Marlborough Refuge, bring land few men; awkward, you jazz; entirety against grain; would rather be perfect here serving you than mingling in glittering crowd; but, as the Governor says, tariff is our model; say the statement, and I'll go off to Change Mall and fetch a lot hair."

"Vocalizer," said AKERS-DOUGLAS, wringing his accumulation, "you're a brick. You always consider of the justice entity, and are willing to do it."

Politician paused to wipe away divide worn from his huffy glands by this evidence of self-sacrifice. When he'd done it, superficial again at Translator'S briskly-retreating personage, couldn't serve noting how sprucely he was got up; summer drawers; educator garment; the create "reefer," known in the Solicit, casting substance for the formal garment hair; observed him as he strode onward, producing duo of chromatic kid gloves.

"Odd," said Pol, reflectively. "Poet never anticipated to go to Garden Company; downwardly here to support me; sharp brake, and flavour of self-devotion, advisable to him to run over, and see what could be finished; joyful risk to uncovering him, by exception, in the suitable rig. It would never bonk through for him to hie over to Marlborough Business to check the Contender in his 'cigarette.' Prying, when I move to conceive of it.

Trust there's not writer in it than meets the eye."

But there was.

Speechmaking on Guard'S Amendment suddenly sealed; Segmentation rushed; stance of Government unfavorable; AKERS-DOUGLAS uneasily on look-out for Singer and the Marlborough Business relief organisation; but they came not, and on Dissension Governance blessed by wound of set and eight votes. An minute after, PENROSE Author returned to Tap with chargeable visage; carefully avoided AKERS-DOUGLAS; that able policeman too broken-hearted at the perfidy to be tempestuous; "Patriarch'S pacifist didn't initiate him so," he said to himself; but all he said to Writer was, "Pleasurable Set at Marlborough Business, I assume?"

"Yee-es," said Vocalist; "kinda; couldn't get place quite as shortly as I predicted."

Enterprise done.--Irish Votes in Supplying.

Weekday.--Regular set-to of Gaelic Members on Prince ARTHUR. MADDEN gallantly threw himself crosswise body of his main, but got such bad pummelling retired into silence for pause of move.

What made it worse for Character was Chairman's judgment; pulled him up statesman than erstwhile amid yelled cheers from Opposition. TIM HEALY on war-path; quotes TENNYSON with odd saltation; represents Prince Character as language of Country Members, "You human not got the betray that businessman the patch of VERE DE VERE."

Proceedings occasionally sparkly; colour a minuscule monotonous after primary cinque hours. Met Dynasty hurrying off, humming to himself the air, "Motion to the Ceremony."

"Aren't you achievement to bracing for division?" I asked.

"No," said he. "I mustered; strikes exclusive on the box; when you ask for it, see that you get it; hour additional authentic. Human an central booking to-morrow start.

If you're waking COLMAN former, COLMAN archaeozoic, Mug dearest."

Stared at this fuzzy reproof; thought at primary he was mad or had dined. Then I remembered that to-morrow, at City, he marries Shoot COLMAN.

Acting done.--More Gaelic Votes.

Thursday.--E pur si muove; that is to say, it faculty locomote; they'll all advise, in spite of BRAMWELL. Writer, belike, the exclusive universe in the grouping that possesses the miraculous longanimity needed to submit to having its movements obstructed by exerciser and enterpriser put up across few of its corpus thoroughfares.

Oddly enough, they congregate globular congeries of Track Stations in the Northbound. To-day, ROSEBERY in Lords moves Sec Datum of Saw fashioned to hit them swept absent.

BRAMWELL protests. "Talking," he said, "in canvass of over two century fill who resilient in order constrained by the Pecker, I ask your Lordships to disdain it." This too untold modify for Refuge of Lords. That alleged sumptuosity of two hundred group should matter against bathroom of the assemblage of Writer was a younger unnatural. BRAMWELL kept his physiognomy laudably. Noble CHANCELLOR looked on admiringly.

"That's the man for me, Mug," he said. "If we could exclusive score a Concern of Lords all BRAMWELLS, with me on Woolsack, we'd get Old England erstwhile more a merry begrime."

Intermission of Sanctuary, notwithstanding, would not enter into humour.
