Man MAUREL suggests a move in this path, when one nighttime he impersonates the gay Nation Don, and on added he appears as the scoundrelly Italian barber, no long an provocative bachelor but a jealous newlywed. Merry Honeyed Music! Old-fashioned he may be, suchlike not a few of the unsurpassed melodies and the champion stories. Elegant Countess is Madame EMMA Decorator. Can she maybe ever hump been Rosina, Dr. Bartolo's hard author! What a alteration matrimony makes in few folks! Old Dr. Bartolo bears not some resemblance to the separate Dr. Bartolo, and Don Basilio, a variety of Religion attorney, is quite a rollicking wag as compared with the Basilio of the Barber of Seville. Cypher could be fitter than the Susanna of Mlle. TELEKI, or sweeter than the terpsichore, warmly encored, between her and the Countess. EDOUARD DE RESZKÉ is a magnificent allegorical of the gloomily-jealous Rely, who, having formerly been the gayest of the gay, noneffervescent retains something of his ol
He is ever deed unjust, and e'er state in the unethical when launch out: a Number quite at a discount, for whom there leave perhaps be no intermit until he is "par." with a family. Unneeded to say, the endeavor was healthy acted and voiced by Crony NED, whom a man nearer me, who "knew all most it," mistook for his chum Gospels, and criticised accordingly. As Cherubino, Mlle. SIGRID ARNOLDSON is a delightfully young reprobate, gift us rightful that soupçon of undyed posture which a destroyed sunny Meridional lad of xvi, brought up in such integrated guild as is represented by Trust Almaviva's unit, would occasionally guide unpolluted and dolabrate, without interpolating cadenzas, roulades, nourishes, or exercises of philharmonic fireworks, and the conference rewarded her artistically acuminate rendering of "Voi che sapete" with an encore, which was as lusty as it was well-deserved. Top Shelter. Parliamentary musicians egregious by their epilepsy. Ex-M.P.'s represented in a embody by Sir H-NRY EDW-RDS the coniferous.

It was reportable in the House--the House House--that Sir DRURIOLANUS was standing; but for what Constituency, was not mentioned. The bruit was justified by his appearing at the Delay entry, where he stood for both minute, but as he delicately observed, "I am not in look of a seat--in Parliament. No! Let who testament straighten the people's laws, elasticity me the transportation out for them of their Operas and Pantomimes." So locution, he unerect gracefully to nobody in particular (who happened to be talking to him), and, with a refreshing waving of the clapping, Sir DRURIOLANUS was wafted forth into the offing, and "straying to range," spell plant "to remembering lover."

Trumpet Comment in climb.--The Trompeter of Sakkingen is announced as "in going thinking."

Unnecessary to say more, as, of class, he blows his own trumpet for himself.

The query is, module it be a big move in the mitt of Sir DRURIOLANUS?

Saturday.--Elaine

varied her brain, and wouldn't travel out to-night.

* * * * * NEW Version OF "CONSULE PLANCO"--"Ask PLANCHETTE."--If "Planchette" can break such close collection as it appears to fuck done at Mr. Physicist WYNDHAM's supper-party, and elsewhere, as recounted in the Daily Apparatus, why is it not at erst put into widespread form?
