Lord MAUREL suggests a step in this direction, when a night is passed through the gift gay Spanish, and another appears as the rogue Italian barber, is a bachelor no longer intriguing, but a jealous boyfriend. MOZART happy tune! The old that is at quite a few of the best tunes and the best stories. Condesa is elegant lady EMMA EAMES. You might possibly have never been Rosina, Dr. Bartolo complicated neighborhood! What does marriage change in some people! The old Doctor Bartolo is not much like the other Dr. Bartolo and Don Basilio, a sort of ecclesiastical lawyer, is a great joker cheerful compared with Basilio in The Barber of Seville. Nothing could be better than that of Miss Susan. Teleki, or sweeter than the duet, heartily encored, between her and the Countess. Edouard de Reszke is a great representative of the darkly jealous Count, who, having been happy once again for gay, still retains some of its old character boots beating private. 
He always goes wrong, and always be in the wrong when he heard ". Par" count off too, for whom there may be no rest until a family. Needless to say the party has done well and sung by brother Ned, who was a gentleman to me, who "knew all about it", confused with his brother John, and criticized accordingly. As Cherubino, miss. SIGRID Arnoldson is a charming rascal boy, that gives us just that soupçon of the natural difficulties that a sunny South spoiled boy of sixteen, brought up in society, mixed as represented by the family Count Almaviva is sometimes displayed when more than usual "Spoony". 

Mlle. MOZART Arnoldson sings pure and simple, without interpolation of cadences, rolls, feeds, or exercises of musical fireworks, and the audience rewarded her simple artistic representation of "Voi che sapete" with an encore, which was as abundant as it was well deserved . House capital. Parliamentary musicians conspicuous by their absence. Ex-MPs represented in the body of Sir H-NRY EDW-RDS the evergreens. 

It was reported in the House - Opera House - that Sir DRURIOLANUS stood, but at Constituent was not mentioned. The rumor was justified by its appearance in the entrance plaza, where he was for some time, but as he finally said: "I'm not looking for a seat. - That the Parliament will not make laws people, give! me start by them in his operas and pantomimes. "So saying, he bowed gracefully to nobody in particular (who was talking to him), and with a fresh wave of the hand, Sir DRURIOLANUS was floating away in the hearing, and" out of sight, "while "in my memory. " 

Note .-- advance trumpet trumpeter Sakkingen is advertised as "in active preparation." 

Needless to say the least, because, of course, he blows his own trumpet for himself. 

The question is, will it be a big win in the hand of Sir DRURIOLANUS? 

Saturday .-- Elaine 

changed his mind and did not go at night. 

* * * * * THE PROVISION OF NEW "consul Polanco" - "SEE planchette." - If "Planchet" can give accurate information, as seems to have done in Mr. Charles Wyndham dinner-party, and elsewhere, as reported in the Daily Telegraph, why not at once put into general application?
