It is the charm, precisely, resignation is the charm of serenity - serenity of an old revolutionary who no longer expects victory in the morning, however, is secure in his confidence of ultimate success, and more insurance in the goodness of their cause. 
"A hundred times in life," he says, "how good you do seems to serve no immediate purpose, and yet remains one way, another tradition of good intentions and do good, without which all is lost. " Early in his career compared with her Shelley. In its latest phase, which reminds us more of the authors of Far from the Madding Crowd and The Mill on the Floss, and of Wordsworth, once also a torch of the revolution, making his Michaels and leeches and collectors his Peter Bell. His exquisite images of pastoral life are idealizations of it; representations of peasants have not been supported by Zola, the last one on the shield of human nature from the side of gold. But for her at least she has found a real secret of happiness in the life of the field, quiet work and a proper attention towards his own heart and conscience. 

It's around this point in his spiritual development that she turns to Gustave Flaubert - maybe a bit apprehensive at first, but determined from the beginning, according to their natural instincts and principles already established, to encourage the belief in their admirable qualities. Writing from Nohant in 1866 Croisset him, outlining the distinction as a woman and as the author of this playful departure: "Sainte-Beuve, who loves you, however, claims that is terribly vicious. 

But perhaps he sees with his eyes a little dirty, as he learned botanist who wants the germander is of a dirty yellow. 

The observation was so false that I could not stop writing outside his book. " You, whose eyes are dirty " 

We talked about George Sand as a faithful daughter of the French Revolution, and on the contrary, we speak of Flaubert as a disgruntled son of the Second Empire. Among his literary appearance and it is an interval of a generation, in which the proud spirit and aspirations expansive grand given to the nation by the first Napoleon was reduced to a spirit of mediocrity and bourgeois complacency in a Napoleon who had inherited nothing big its predecessor, but its name. 

This change in time, the spirit can help explain the most significant difference between Flaubert and George Sand. He inherited the taste and imagination of the great romantic generation, but he inherited none of his political and social enthusiasm. He was punished by the Romantic writers, however, his reaction to the literary culture of his youth is not ethical but aesthetic, but is inspired by Rousseau less than Chateaubriand. He is bred for the admiration of eloquence, poetic expression, the splendid picture, life in the grand style, with disgust every time you are entering a society that feels, neither understands nor values of any of these things and threatening its destruction.
