None of the spiritual teachers of his generation advised acquiescence to serfdom or silence in poverty. Each eloquent language of the era called the spirit of self-expression and rebellion. And she, obedient to the deepest impulses of his blood and his time, he rebelled.
In the period when Madame Dudevant withdrew his neck the yoke of marriage and immersed himself in his literary career in Paris, the doctrine that men are created for freedom, equality and fraternity and was a bit trite. She, with a boost from his private fortune, was to give the doctrine of an increased interest in the firm that apply to the situation of women. 

We can not follow in detail from the point where it leaves the inseam of the basket to reappear black smoke cigars in the Latin Quarter. The find, in about 1831, entering into competition with the brilliant literary generation of Balzac, Hugo, Alfred de Musset, Mérimée, Stendhal and Sainte-Beuve. With a gray hat and a huge tie wool material, which was exactly like a freshman. "The freedom of this suit instead unalluring platonic relationships entered, fraternal, or passionate tempestuously perhaps most distinguished series of friends. And lovers who never flew around a fire had Aurelien de Seze, Jules Sandeau, his first partner, who "reconciled him to life" and gave him the name of war, the inscrutable Mérimée, who did a happy, Musset - an encounter in which both tiger moths escaped with singed wings, the strange figure Pagell transition ; Michel Euraed, Liszt, Chopin, whom she loved and cared for eight years, his master Lamennais, Pierre Leroux his teacher, his father confessor, Sainte--Beuve and Gustave Flaubert, whiny friend of his last decade. 

As we have compressed the long and complex history of their relationships, so it should compress the story closely related to their work and their ideas. When under the inspiration of Rousseau, George Sand emancipated began writing, his purposes were only vaguely defined. 

She conceived the life of all an opportunity for unlimited self-expansion, and literature as an opportunity for free speech without restrictions. "However", he says, "my instincts have been formed without my connivance, the theory I am about to establish, -. One theory I have generally followed unconscious ... According to this theory, the novel is as much a work of poetry as analysis. Requires real situations, and characters not only true, but real, grouped around a type intended to embody the feeling or the book's main concepts. This type generally represents the passion of love, since almost all the novels are love stories. According to this theory (and here begins) the writer must idealize this love, and therefore this kind - and not be afraid to attribute to all branches to which sucked up, or all penalties whose pain he has observed or felt. This type should in no way, however, are degraded by the vicissitudes of events, or you have to die or succeed. " 

In 1831, when her pen began its course smoothly through the lyrical works of his first term - Indiana, Valentine, Lelia, Jacques, and the rest - we think the culture of George Sand, temperament, and the point of view have been quite comparable to those of young people when Shelley, in early fifteen years, with Mary Godwin joined Byron and Jane Clairmont in Switzerland - Revoltes young, all of them, fed into the revolutionary philosophy of the eighteenth century gothic novels .
