1. and 7.; viii.  24.) and Diodorus (i. 35.) Contrast treatise by Camus, "Notes sur l'Histoire des Animaux d'Aristotle", p. 418.

It would seem that nary a single Greek writer had ever laid eyes upon a living hippopotamus; and no account is extant of this particular species having been transported to Greece, such as was a live tiger whose ultimate desination was, courtesy of Seleucus, the city of Athens. Pliny offers (H. N., viii. 40.), along with Ammianus Marcellinus (xxii. 15.), that the Romans first encountered this animal in the exalted edileship of Æmilius Scaurus, in 58 B.C., when at the Games, a hippo and five crocodiles were put on display in a specially constructed temporary watercourse. Dio Cassius, however, avers that Cæsar Augustus was the first to exhibit a rhinocerus and a hippopotamus to the Roman citizenry in 29 B.C. (li. 22.) A number of crocodiles and hippopotami, along with other unusual animals, were subsequently exhibited during the Games at Rome in the era of Antonius Pius (A.D. 138-80. See Jul. Capitolin. in Anton. Pio, c. 10.) and Commodus, as part of his diverse adventures of animal combat in the arena, put to the sword up to five hippopotami (A.D. 180-92. See Dio Cass. lxxii. 10. and 19., and Gibbon, c. 4.).  The upstart Firmus, the Egyptian pretender to Emperor in the years of Aurelian, 273 A.D., was reported to have rode upon the back of a hippo (Flav. Vopiscus, in Firmo, c. 6.): but it is suspected that the stunt actually took place in Alexandria. The hippopotamus, being indigenous to the Upper Nile River, was not well known to the ancient peoples of Euro-Asia.

Fantastic stories of the animal's habits are related by Pliny, H. N., viii. 39, 40., and by Ælian, De Nat. An., v. 53. vii. 19. Achilles Tatius, whose works date as late as the last half of the fifth century A.D., claims that it was fire- and smoke-breathing (iv. 2.); whereas, Damascius, who lived almost at the same general time, asserted that the hippo was an unscrupulous creature, and, in fact, is the very represntation of Injustice as a hieroglyphic character; because it starts by dispatching its 
father and then rapes its mother (ap. Phot. Bibl. cod. 242., p. 322., b. 36. ed. Bekker.). Strabo (xv. 1.) and Arrian (Ind., c. 6.) offer that the progeny issuing from the Indian rivers are quite like that of Ethiopia and Egypt, with the notable exception of the hippopotamus. They note, nevertheless, that Onesicritus maintained, that this was not, in fact, an exception as the hippopotamus was indeed to be found in the Indian rivers. Onesicritus' assertion was obviously wrong. Herodotus, Aristotle, and various other Greek writers consistently called the aminal "hippos potamios". Subsequently, Latin writers referred to it with the incorrectly formed compound "hippo-potamus"; which by strict Greek composition rules, means "horse-river", rather than "river-horse", as was intended. The only Greek writer who used the compound "hippopotamus" in their writings was
was Damascius, who authored in the Sixth Century A.D.. Achiles Tatius, a near contemporary, refers to the animal as "hippos tou Neilou", which he asserted was the Egyptian term for it. It seems likely that the modern word "hippopotamus" is a Roman misapplication of the Greek substantive and adjective, and {36} is not an acceptable Greek word. Why the hippo reminede the ancients of a horse is not clear.
