Warts.--Take one of the large black snails, which are to be found during summer in every hedgerow, rub it over the wart, and then hang it on a thorn.

This must be done nine nights successively, at the end of which times the wart will completely disappear. For as the snail, exposed to such cruel treatment, will gradually wither away, so it is believed the wart, being impregnated with its matter, will slowly do the same.

Wens.--After a criminal is dead, but still hanging, his hand must be rubbed thrice over the wen.

(Vide Brand, vol iii. p. 153.) Many persons are still living who in their younger days have undergone the ceremony, always, they say, attended with complete success. On execution days at Northampton, numbers of sufferers used to congregate round the gallows, in order to receive the "dead-stroke," as it is termed.

At the last execution which took place in that town, a very few only were operated upon, not so much in consequence of decrease of faith, as from the higher fee demanded by the hangman.

Epistaxis.--For stopping or preventing bleeding at the nose, a toad is killed by transfixing it with some sharp pointed instrument, after which it is inclosed in a little bag and suspended round the neck.

The same charm is also occasionally used in cases of fever.

The following passage From Sir K. Digby's Discourse on Sympathy (Lond. 1658) may enlighten us as to the principle:--

"In time of common contagion, they use to carry about them the powder of a toad, and sometimes a living toad or spider shut up in a box; or else they carry arsnick, or some other venemous substance, which draws unto it the contagious air, which otherwise would infect the party." p. 77.

Another for the Same.--If it be a man who suffers, he asks a female to buy him a lace, (if a female she asks a man), without either giving money, saying what it is wanted for, or returning thanks when {37} received.

The lace so obtained must be worn round the neck for the space of nine days; at the expiration of which, it is said, the patient will experience no return of the disorder.

Cramp.--We still retain such a high sense of the efficacy of the form of the cross, that in case of spasms, or that painful state of the feet in which they are said to "sleep," it is commonly used, under the impression that it mitigates, if not entirely allays, the pain. Warts are also charmed away by crossing them with elder sticks: and a very common charm for the cramp consists in the sufferer's always taking care, when he pulls off his shoes and stockings, to place them in such a position as to form a resemblance to the "holy sign."

Another and very common charm resorted to for the cure of this painful disorder, consists in the wearing about the person the patella of a sheep or lamb, here known as the "cramp-bone."

This is worn as near the skin as possible, and at night is laid under the pillow. One instance of a human patella being thus used has come under my notice, but I believe this to be by no means common.

Toothache.--Few ailments have more charms for its cure than this. In point of efficacy none are reckoned better than a tooth taken from the mouth of a corpse, which is often enveloped in a little bag, and hung round the neck.

A double nut is also sometimes worn in the pocket for the same purpose.

Hooping-cough.--A small quantity of hair is taken frown the nape of the child's neck, rolled up in a piece of meat, and given to a dog, in the firm belief that the disease thereby becomes transferred to the animal.

A friend informs me that the same charm is well known in Gloucestershire.

Rheumatism.--The right forefoot of a hare, worn constantly in the pocket, is considered a fine amulet against the "rheumatiz."

West.--In order to be rid of the painful tumour on the eyelid, provincially known as the west or sty, it is customary for the sufferer, on the first night of the new moon, to procure the tail of a black cat, and after pulling from it one hair, rub the tip nine times over the pustule.

As this has a very cabalistic look, and is moreover frequently attended with sundry severe scratches, a gold ring is found to be a much more harmless substitute; and as it is said to be equally beneficial with the former, it is now more commonly used.

This superstition is alluded to by Beaumont and Fletcher, Mad Lovers, v. 4.:--

"---- I have a sty here, Chilax.

Chi. I have no gold to cure it, not a penny."
