Cramp : When suffering from spasms or painful 'sleeping' feet, the sign of the cross is still commonly used. It is said that it mitigates - if it does completely alleviate - the pain of cramping. The sufferer, when removing their shoes and stockings, takes care to place them in a cross-like formation.

(Such is the lingering potency of the form of the cross that it can allegedly also charm away warts, by crossing elder sticks over them.)

Else, for cramping, acquire the patella of a lamb or sheep (the "cramp-bone"). During the day wear it as close to the skin as possible, and at night keep it under your pillow. (There is at least one report of a human patella being used, but this was not a common practice.)

Epistaxis : If there is bleeding at the nose, you need a toad. Kill it with a sharp, pointed instrument and enclose it in a small bag which is then worn around the sufferer's neck. (It is reported that this is also a treatment for fever.)

Sir K. Digby said of this charm :

"In time of common contagion, they use to carry about them the powder of a toad, and sometimes a living toad or spider shut up in a box; or else they carry arsnick, or some other venemous substance, which draws unto it the contagious air, which otherwise would infect the party." (Discource on Sympathy (Lond. 1658) p. 77.)

Alternatively, for epistaxis : Ask someone of the opposite gender to buy some lace without paying them, telling them what it is for, or thanking them it is received. This lace is then worn around the neck for nine consecutive days. By the end of this time, the sufferer will be cured and the bleeding will never reoccur.

Hooping-cough : Hair taken from the ailing child's nape is rolled up in a piece of meat, then given to a dog. It is believed that the cough will be transferred from the child to the animal. (This charm is allegedly also well-known in Gloucestshire.)

Rheumatism : For "rheumatiz" (as it was called),  popular amulet is the right forefoot of a hare. It is worn in a pocket.

West : The tail of a black cat must be acquired, on the first night of a new moon. Pluck a single hair from the tail and rub the painful pustule nine times. Alternatively, a gold ring can be substituted for the cat's tail (this has gained more popularity since new moons and blacks cats have gained sorcerous connotations).

Beaumont and Fletcher alluded to this superstition in Mad Lovers, v. 4 :

"---- I have a sty here, Chilax.

Chi. I have no gold to cure it, not a penny."

Toothache : A common ailment in times of poor dental hygiene, this has more kinds of curing charms than most other ailments. The most successful of which involved acquiring a tooth from a corpse. It was enclosed in a small bag and hung around the neck. (Another popular cure involved keeping a double nut in the pocket.)

Warts : You need a large, black snail - they're easily found in hedgerows during summer. Holding the snail by the shell, rub it for several seconds over the wart. The wart must be treated in the same manner over nine consecutive nights - after the snail is used, every night it must be hung on a thorn.

Such cruel treatment will cause the snail to wither away, and the wart, having been impregnated with the snail's matter, will likewise slowly wither away. After the nine nights, the wart will have completely disappeared.

Wens: The wen must be rubbed three times with the hand of a hanged criminal.

(Vide Brand, vol iii. p. 153.) There are many people alive today who, when they were young, underwent this treatment. It goes without saying that they say that, every time, it was a complete success.

It has been noted that on execution days in Northampton, most of the spectators were in fact people suffering with a wen - they would gather around the gallows to receive the "dead-stroke" (as they called it). By the time of the last execution in Northampton, only a few people sought the "dead-stroke". Not because of any decrease in the population's faith in this cure, but simply because of the higher fee demanded by the hangman.
