It is comprised of two main dialects; which, though partaking both of the above general name, differ so greatly as to almost call them two completely separate languages. Books are printed and published in both of them; and each, though it be universally understood in its respective district, is yet sub-divided into almost as many secondary dialects as there are villages in which it is spoken. These dialects differ a little bit, but only in pronunciation. One of the main dialects, which is spoken in the Engadine is by the inhabitants called Ladin. It admits of some variation, even in the books, according as they are printed either in the upper or the lower part of this province. Their printed version of the Bible is in the dialect of the lower Engadine; which is understood perfectly in the upper part of the province. The other dialect, which is the language of the Grey, or Upper. League, is distinguished from the former by the name of Cialover and I must here make an observation in saying that some of the most inaccessible parts of this latter district, there are some villages situated in the narrow valleys, called Rheinwald, Cepina in which a third language is spoken. This language is more similiar to German than to either of the aforementioned dialects. 

It is absolutely impossible to decipher the origin of a language and the progress of said language without figuring out the revolutions that could have contributed to its variations. This is exactly the case in the present instance. I shall shortly summarize the main events which may have affected the language of the Grisons, because I strongly believe that they are related by authors of approved veracity.

Ambigatus, the first king of the Celtic Gaul upon record, who about 400 years before Christ, governed the whole country that was, at the time, situated between the Alps and the Pyrenaean mountains, sent out two formidable armies under the command of one of his nephews. One of his nephews, named Segovisius, forced himself into Germany. The other, Bellovisius, fought his way into Italy as far as the settlements of the Tuscans. Today, his path would have taken him through most of the country and towards Lombardy.

These, and several other swarms of invaders whom  constructed Milan, Verona, Brescia, and several other considerable towns. They also governed these towns with such tyrannic sway, that most of the principal families left the towns with the best part of their effects and attendants in order to go to steepest mountains of the Alps

The motive behind their leaving procured them a favourable reception from the original inhabitants of that inhospitable region.

The new adventurers had no sooner climbed over the highest precipices, but thinking themselves secure from the pursuits of their rapacious enemies, they fixed in a valley which, from its great fertility in comparison of the country they had just passed, they called Domestica.

They intermingled themselves with the old inhabitants of the villages, and built some towns and many castles, whose present names manifestly speak of their origin. Soon after though, they spread over the whole country. This country was named Rhaetia, a name they got from their leader. They then introduced a form of government similar to their own in which a Laertes or president along with twelve Lucumones or jurors, determine all causes, both civil and criminal and Livy, wanted them to retain none of their ancient customs, yet allowed that they continued the use of their language, a languaged that was already somewhat skewed by a mixture of the language of the Aborigines.
