The entire expense was under the supervision of handful of the trusted leaders and audited by the chiefs, all of whom were kept otherwise undivulged.
The north region became the treasury as well as the arsenal of the entire Afrikaner Bond.

Hundreds of agents were employed in the Cape Colonies and Natal suborning the Boer colonists; many of whom held positions in branches of the Colonial Government, and could supply required information and even influence elections.

There were also many permanent agents taking salary in Europe. Thy were emissaries abroad, some touring America, England, and the Continent, as the Rev. Mr. Bosman did recently, also did the P.M.G., Isaac van Alphen.

Some money was used for electioneering campaigns, as had been done in the Cape Colony towards a Bond majority.

A considerable amount is spent in the diplomatic arena in Holland to regain foreign statesmen, sympathizing, for the northen allies. One attempt that failed was with Germany. It seems that progress would had been possible in the past by luring Emperor William to favour a Holland-Transvaal combination, he, as a true "Bayard" rid himself, instead preferring obvious brilliant advantages for his people than to soil Germany's fair fame in a connection resulting in nothing less than assisting a conspiracy.

Readers of the Johannesburg Standard and Diggers' News might recall aside from attacks upon capitalism quite a collection of articles intended to distract mine workers and operatives. For that purpose agents were also employed, and to impose the view that the Government was the enemy of capitalism, and would put down its victims (the mine workers) in the State.

Supporting miners and the working class against reducing greatly the rights of workers, and as a show of it's sincerity passed a law that makes eight tours a legal day's labour. With such it was hoped to gain the favour of the miners. Although those men were, not to be taught by quasi-socialistic professions, months later, the exodus prior to the war occurred, most of them left, the Government depended on them to stay and work in the mines for when such a time would come by.

The acquisition of the gold mines and their exploitation for the benefit of the Government brought about a conundrum for a nation engaged in war, due to plenty of gold and a scarcity of paper currency, the gold that was taken did not equal commercial paper values.

With the already mentioned statements the following may also be said. States showing themselves as practicing neutrality still to trade with the Transvaal to a large extent. It is unacceptable that that the State has no funds available for payments other than the gold taken from the looted mines.
