And what is the end of the neighborhood ordinary friendship? One girl leaves the place and put in another place a new set of social interests that joined recently. It's not worth writing about, although he could have taken hours to discuss, and have increasingly less in common, their friends away for lack of a strong link to unite, however, perhaps, never quite low. 
A third class and a little higher than the friendship that forms on the association at work, or a deep common interest. 

This will happen when girls get together to study a topic of real interest for both, not merely because of "doing something" after their school was closed, but for real use to which they intend to to their needs. 

Art can be in one of its branches, or music, in fact, is art, too. One of the most charming of the friendships I have heard of was cemented on the task of getting the "achievement of poetry."

Or two girls can be thrown in body and soul to the Christian volunteer work, not, as I said before, for the sake of "doing something" but it really long to help others physically, morally, spiritually, for Christ sake. 

Meeting in this way, and installation of natural character to be friends, which is likely to become so, and, except a fight arise, caused by serious differences of opinion, will, I think, making it longer than any I have mentioned before. 

And now I come to talk about what should be considered the most perfect which can form a friendship. 

I refer to friendship choice that depends on chance or the neighborhood association, and is, in my opinion, the most satisfactory of all. 

We can not say what we called our friend. 

We met her for a few days in a cottage, or casually introduced her at a dinner party. Nothing in normal circumstances would have been more likely to part and meet no more. But we did not part, something we had together - we feel that we should see more of each other. 

This gives a charm to attract some strange friendship, and if the two are the same or different, does not matter - that are sure to be partners and supporters, because, I think, and I say this with all respect, this something we can not define a God-given bond of union. 

The two are destined to be friends - the intention to act beneficially on the other, and, perhaps, because he can not understand and reason about it, the tie is stronger than they or someone may break. 

They can be thrown together in any of the ways I have suggested, but with a difference, then neighborhood association, was the main element in the formation of friendship, now is secondary to elective attraction. 

Both feel that their souls are united in whatever circumstances they had gathered. I can not think of these friends elective always really high, despite a quarrel, a misunderstanding can break, seemingly forever.
