Friendships that have formed through close proximity tend to end in the same manner. Previously the girls used to spend hours discussing the little events of each day, but once one of them leaves the area such events no longer seem worth the time to write about. Gradually the friends have fewer and fewer things in common. The bounds that used to keep them together weaken and although in their minds they are always friends the gap between them has widened.

Interests in common to a group of girls or some work assignment they share can bind them into a 3rd class of friendship, which can be regarded as a superior form of friendship.

This coming together isn't simply because they are bored and this is better than nothing, but because there is an item of real interest which pulls them together.

It maybe one of the many branches of art that draw them together, for example the writing of poetry, beautiful friendships have formed over studying music or learning an instrument together.

A passion for Christian work has often been a great bind force between two girls, the feelings that they are working to better the lot of their fellow man and working in the Lord's work.

This form of meeting and dependant on the character is likely to form the firmest of friendships between them. Perhaps the only thing that could break such a friendship is genuine difference of opinion which gives rise to a violent quarrel.

However there remains one more form of friendship that is surely the most perfect of all. This is the friend which arises from no accident of proximity or association together. It is a friendship where the friends elect to be together and must be the most satisfying form of friendship, that where we can give no reason for being drawn together.

Such a friendship might arise while meeting for a few days in the country or by causal introduction at dinner. Under normal conditions we would have said hello and gone our separate ways, but some indefinable quality caused not to part but instead drew us closer together.

There is a mystical charm to such a friendship and the similarities between friends matter little in such circumstances. To me it can only be described as a friend gifted to us by the grace of God himself.

These two are destined to friendship, destined to benefit each other, and perhaps for the very elusiveness of reasons bringing them together the bonds are impossible for anyone to break.

Of course any of the ways discussed could have formed the friendship, but the difference is that proxity or association is a secondary factor and the elective attraction is the primary factor.

Both of these friends feel that fate would have brought them together no matter what the circumstances. I can't imagine the friendships ever really ending, though an argument may appear to end them forever.
