HAKLUYT, RICHARD.

The principal of Nauigations, Voiages, Traffiques and Discoueries of the English Nation, made by Sea or ouer-land, to the remote and farthest distant quarters of the Earth, at any time within the compasse of these 1500. yeeres: Deuided into three seuerall Volumes, according to the positions of the Regions, whereunto they were directed. This first Volume containing the woorthy Discoueries, &c. of the English toward the North and Northeast by sea, as of Lapland, Scrikfinia, Corelia, the Baie of S. Nicolas, the Isles of Colgoieue, Vaigatz, and Noua Zembla, towards the great riuer Ob, with the mighty Empire of Russia, the Caspian sea, Georgia, Armenia, Media, Persia, Boghar in Bactria, and diuers kingdoms of Tartaria: Together with many notable monuments and testimonies of the ancient forren trades, and of the warrelike and other shipping of this realme of England in former ages.

Whereunto is annexed also a briefe Commentarie of the true state of Island, and of the Northern Seas and lands situate that way.

Lastly, the memorable defeate of the Spanish huge Armada, Anno 1588. and the famous victorie atchieued at the citie of Cadiz, 1596. are described. By Richard Hakluyt Master of Artes, and sometime Student of Christ-Church in Oxford.

Imprinted at London by George Bishop, Ralph Newberie and Robert Barker. 1598.

=B. L.= F^o. (11½ × 7½). E. 1. 1.

Collation: *-2*⁶A-3E⁶3F⁴, paged. Wanting all after 3E 3, containing the account of the victory at Cadiz, also the hydrographical map. Epistle dedicatory to Charles Howard, Earl of Nottingham, signed. Preface with postscript containing errata.

Commendatory verses from Hugo Broghton (Greek), Rich. Mulcaster (2 copies, Lat.), Gulielmus Camdenus (Lat.), and Marc’ Antonio Pigafeta (It.). Table of contents. The portion wanting at the end was suppressed, but is found in BM, 683. h. 5.

In some copies (e.g. Grylls 31, 148) a cancel with sigs. a-d² (last leaf blank) has been substituted. The map to this volume, which is wanting in the present copy, was the first English map on Mercator’s projection.

There is another titlepage to the present volume (found in the Grylls copy) which is dated 1599 and has various differences from that given above.

Sinker 419 (1). BM 760.

=B. L.= F^o. (11½ × 7½). E. 1. 2.

Collation: *⁸A-2C⁶3A-3R⁶, paged. Epistle dedicatory to Sir Robert Cecil, signed. Table of contents. Part ii begins with fresh pagination and head-title at sig. 3A 1.

Sinker 419 (2). BM 760.

The third and last Volume of the Voyages, Navigations, Traffiques, and Discoueries of the English Nation, and in some few places, where they have not been, of strangers, performed within and before the time of these hundred yeeres, to all of the Newfound world of America, or the West Indies, from 73. degrees of Northerly to 57. of Southerly latitude: As namely to Engronland, Meta Incognita, Estotiland, Tierra de Labrador, Newfoundland, vp The grand bay, the gulfe of S. Laurence, and the Riuer of Canada to Hochelaga and Saguenay, along the coast of Arambec, to the shores and maines of Virginia and Florida, and on the West or backside of them both, to the rich and pleasant countries of Nueua Biscaya, Cibola, Tiguex, Cicuic, Quiuira, to the 15. prouinces of the kingdome of New Mexico, to the bottome of the gulfe of California, and vp the Riuer of Buena Guia: And likewise to all the yles both small and great lying before the cape of Florida, The bay of Mexico, and Tierra firma, to the coasts and Inlands of Newe Spaine, Tierra firma, and Guiana, vp the mighty Riuers of Orenoque, Dessekebe, and Marannon, to euery part of the coast of Brasil, to the Riuer of Plate, through the Streights of Magellan forward and backward, and to the South of the said Streights as far as 57. degrees: And from thence on the backside of America, along the coastes, harbours, and capes of Chili, Peru, Nicaragua, Nueua Espanna, Nueua Galicia, Culiacan, California, Noua Albion, and more Northerly as farre as 43. degrees: Together with the two renowmed, and prosperous voyages of Sir Francis Drake and M. Thomas Candish round about the circumference of the whole earth, and diuers other voyages intended and set forth for that course.
