Hakluyt, Richard. 
The director Nauigations, Voiages, and Discoueries Traffiques English Nation, by sea or ouer land, to the most remote and distant neighborhoods of the Earth, at any time within the compass of these 1500. yeeres: seuerall Deuided in three volumes, according to the positions of the Regions, which is addressed. This first volume contains the Discoueries woorthy, & c. English north and northeast by sea as Lapland, Scrikfinia, Corelia, the bay of St. Nicholas, the islands of Colgoieue, Vaigatz and Noua Zembla, to the great riuer Ob, with the powerful Russian empire, the sea Caspian, Georgia, Armenia, Media, Persia, Boghos in Bactria, and diuers kingdoms of Tartary: Along with many notable monuments and testimonies of ancient crafts liner, warrelike and other shipping of this Kingdom of England in ancient times. 

To which is also attached a Briefe Commentary of the true state of the Island, and North seas and lands situate that way. 

And finally, the memorable defeat of the Spanish Armada large, Anno 1588. and the famous Victorie atchieued in the city of Cadiz in 1596. described. By Richard Hakluyt Master of Arts, and sometime student of Christ Church in Oxford.

Printed in London by George Bishop, Ralph and Robert Barker Newberie. 1598. 

= BL = F ^ o. (11 ½ x 7 ½). E. 1. 1. 

Collation: *- 2 * A-3E ⁶ ⁶ ⁴ 3F, paged. Wanting all after 3E 3, which contains the story of the victory at Cadiz, also the hydrographic map. dedication to Charles Howard, Earl of Nottingham, signed letter. Preface with errata contains postscript. 

Commander Hugo verses Broghton (Greek), Rich. Mulcaster (2 copies, Lat.) Camdenus Gulielmus (Latin), and Marc Antonio Pigafeta (It.). Table of Contents. The party wants to end it was taken, but it is in the BM, 683. h. 5. 

In some specimens (eg Grylls 31, 148) a gate with sigs. ad ² (last blank) has been replaced. The map in this volume, which is missing from the back of cars, was the first English map in Mercator projection. 

Another titlepage to this volume (which is in the copy Grylls), which is dated 1599 and has several differences from the one indicated above. 

Lead 419 (1). BM 760. 

= BL = F ^ o. (11 ½ x 7 ½). E. 1. 2. 

Collation: * ⁸ ⁶ ⁶ A-2C 3A-3R, paged. dedicatory epistle to Sir Robert Cecil, signed. Table of Contents. Part II begins with a fresh page and the title of the head signal. 3 A 1. 

Lead 419 (2). BM 760. 

The third and final volume of travel, sail Traffiques and Discoueries of the English nation, and in a few places where they have not been, of strangers, made in and before the time of these hundred yeeres, to all newborn world discovered America or the West Indies, 73. to 57 degrees north. South latitude: How to know Engronland, Meta Incognita, Estotiland, Land of Labrador, Newfoundland, vice president of cola Bay, Gulf of St. Lorenzo, and Canada Riuer of Hochelaga and Saguenay, along the coast of Arambec, the costs and Maines of Virginia and Florida, and west or rear of the two, a rich and nice of Nueua Vizcaya, Cibola, Tiguex, Cicuic, Quiuira, at 15. prouinces of the Kingdom of New Mexico, the Bottome the Gulf of California and vice president of Buena Riuer Guide: And just as all big and small yles extends to Cape Florida, the Bay of Mexico, and the firm earth, the coast and inland from Newe-Spain, mainland, and Guyana, VP Riuers the mighty Orinoco Dessekebe and Marannon, euery part of the coast of Brazil, the Riuer de la Plata, across the Strait of Magellan forward and backward, and south of that to the extent Streights 57 . Grades: And from then on the back of America, along the coaster, ports and cables, Chile, Peru, Nicaragua, Espanna Nueua, Nueua Galicia, Culiacan, California, Noua Albion, and further north as farre 43. Grades: Along with the two renowmed, prosperous and Travel of Sir Francis Drake and Thomas M. Candish ring around the circumference of the whole earth, and diuers other trips planned and established for that course.
