HAKLUYT, RICHARD. 
The principal Navigational, Voyages, Traffickers and Discoveries of the English Nation, made by Sea or borderland, to the remote and farthest distant quarters of the Earth, at any time within the compass of these 1500. Yerkes: Derided into three several Volumes, according to the positions of the Regions, hereunto they were directed. This first Volume containing the worthy Discoveries, &c. of the English toward the North and Northeast by sea, as of Lapland, Scriabin, Coralie, the Basie of S. Nicolas, the Isles of Colgate, Variegate, and Nona Emblazon, towards the great riser Ob, with the mighty Empire of Russia, the Caspian sea, Georgia, Armenia, Media, Persia, Bogart in Bactria, and diners kingdoms of Tartaric: Together with many notable monuments and testimonies of the ancient Forrest trades, and of the warlike and other shipping of this realm of England in former ages. 
Hereunto is annexed also a briefer Commentaries of the true state of Island, and of the Northern Seas and lands situate that way. 
And lastly, the memorable defeat of the Spanish huge Armada, Anni 1588. and the famous victories achieved at the cutie of Cadiz, 1596. are described. By Richard Hakluyt Master of Arte's, and sometime Student of Christ-Church in Oxford. 
Imprinted at London by George Bishop, Ralph Newbie and Robert Barker. 1598. 
=B. L.= F^o. (11½ × 7½). E. 1. 1. 
Collation: *-2*⁶A-3E⁶3F⁴, paged. Wanting all after 3E 3, containing the account of the victory at Cadiz, also the petrographical map. Epistle dedicatory to Charles Howard, Earl of Nottingham, signed. Preface with postscript containing errata. 
Commendatory verses from Hugo Brighton (Greek), Rich. Simulcast (2 copies, Lat.), Guglielma Camden's (Lat.), and Marc’ Antonio Pigtail (It.). Table of contents. The portion wanting at the end was suppressed, but is found in BM, 683. h. 5. 
In some copies (e.g. Grills 31, 148) a cancel with digs. a-d (last leaf blank) has been substituted. The map to this volume, which is wanting in the present copy, was the first English map on Mercator’s projection. 
There is another title page to the present volume (found in the Grylls copy) which is dated 1599 and has various differences from that given above. 
Sinker 419 (1). BM 760. 
=B. L.= F^o. (11½ × 7½). E. 1. 2. 
Collation: *⁸A-2C⁶3A-3R⁶, paged. Epistle dedicatory to Sir Robert Cecil, signed. Table of contents. Part ii begins with fresh pagination and head-title at sig. 3A 1. 
Sinker 419 (2). BM 760. 
The third and previous amount of the Voyages, Navigation, Traffickers, and Discoveries of the English country, and in a few spaces, where they contain not been, of strangers, performed during and before the time of these hundred being, to every of the New found world of America, or the West Indies, on or after 73. Degrees of Northerly to 57. of Southerly autonomy: As namely to gronland , Meta Incognito, Scotland, Terra DE Labrador, Newfoundland, up The grand bay, the gulf of S. Laurence, and the River of Canada to Michelangelo and Sanguinary, along the coast of Arabic, to the seashore and mains of Virginia and Florida, and on the West or rear of them both, to the rich and pleasant countries of Queue Biscay an, Ci bola, Tiger, Cyclic, Queer, to the 15. provinces of the King dome of New Mexico, to the bottomed of the golfed of California, and up the River of Brena Gaia: And likewise to all the yells both small and enormous insincere before the cape of Florida, The bay of Mexico, and Terra forma, to the coasts and In lands of Newel Spain, Terra forma, and Guiana, up the mighty Ricers of Onerous, Desiree, and Marna, to every part of the coast of Brazil, to the River of Plate, through the Straights of Magellan ahead and backward, and to the South of the said Straights as far as 57. degrees: And from thence on the flip side of America, along the coasts, harbors, and capes of Chili, Peru, Nicaragua, Unequal Spanner, Queue Galicia, Celia, California, Nona Albion, and more Northerly as fare as 43. degrees: mutually with the two notorious, and affluent voyages of Sir Francis Drake and M. Thomas Can bowl as regards about the circumference of the whole earth, and ciders other voyages intended and set forward for that track.
