Richard HAKLUYT. 

The principal Navigations, Voyages, Traffiques and Discoveries of the Americas, across land or sea which were to the remote and farthest distant quarters of the Earth around the year 1500 CE; Divided into three severall Volumes, according to the positions of the Regions, where unto they were directed. The first volume included great discoveries of the English toward the North and Northeast by sea, as of Lapland, Scrikfinia, Corelia, the Bay of S. Nicolas, the Isles of Colgoieue, Vaigatz, and Noua Zembla, towards the great river Ob, with the mighty Empire of Russia, the Caspian sea, Georgia, Armenia, Media, Persia, Boghar in Bactria, and diuers kingdoms of Tartaria. Together with many notable monuments and testimonies of the ancient forren trades, and of the warlike and other shipping of this realm of England in former ages.

Where unto is annexed also a brief Commentary of the true state of Island.  The Northern Seas and Last situate in that manner.

Thirdly, the memorable defeat of the Spanish huge Armada, Anno 1588, and The famous victory achieved at the city of Cadiz, 1596 are described in this volume. By Richard Hakluyt M.A., and long time student of Christ-Church in Oxford.

Imprinted at London by Ralph Newberie, Robert Barker and George Bishop. 1598.

=B. L.= F^o. (11½ × 7½). E. 1. 1.

Collation: *-2*⁶A-3E⁶3F⁴, paged. Wanting all after 3E 3, containing the account of the victory at Cadiz, also the hydrographical map. Book dedicatory to Charles Howard, Earl of Nottingham, signed. Preface with errata.

Commendatory verses from Hugo Broghton (Greek), Rich. Mulcaster (2 copies, Lat.), Gulielmus Camdenus (Lat.), and Marc’ Antonio Pigfeces (It.). Table of contents. The portion wanting at the end was suppressed, but is found in BM, 683. h. 5.

In some copies (e.g. Grylls 31, 148) a cancel with sigs. a-d² (last leaf blank) has been interchanged.

 The map to this volume, which is wanting in the present copy, was the first English map on Mercator’s projection.

There is another titlepage to the present volume (found in the Grylls copy) which is dated 1599 and has various deviations from that given above.

Sinker 419 (1). BM 760.

=B. L.= F^o. (11½ × 7½). E. 1. 2.

Collation: *⁸A-2C⁶3A-3R⁶, paged. Epistle dedicatory to Sir Robert Cecil, signed. Table of contents. Part ii begins with fresh pagination and head-title at sig. 3A 1.

Sinker 419 (2). BM 760.

The third and last Volume of the Voyages, Traffic, Navigations, and finally Discoveries of the English Nation, and in some few places, where they have not been, of strangers, performed within and before the time of this century, to all of the Newfound world of America, or the West Indies, from 73 degrees of Northerly to 57. of Southerly latitude: As namely to Engronland, Meta Incognita, Estotiland, Tierra de Labrador, Newfoundland, vp The grand bay, the gulf of St. Lawrence, and the River of Canada to Hochelaga and Saguenay, along the coast of Arambec, to the shores and mainlands of Virginia and Florida, and on the West or backside of them both, to the rich and diverse countries of New Biscaya, Cibola, Tiguex, Cicuic, Quiuira, to the 15 provinces of the kingdom of New Mexico, to the depths of the gulf of California, and up the Riuer of Buena Guia: And likewise to the The bay of Mexico, and Tierra firma, to the coasts and Inlands of Newe Spaine, Tierra firma, and Guiana, up the mighty Rivers of Orenoque, Dessekebe, and Marannon, to euery part of the coast of Brasil, to the River of Platte, winding through the Straits of Magellan forward and backward, and to the South of the said Straits as far as 57. degrees: And from thence on the backside of America, along the coasts and harbours of Chili, Peru, Nicaragua, Nueua Espanna, Nueua Galicia, Culiacan, California, Noua Albion, and more Northerly as farre as 43. degrees: Together with the two renowned, and prosperous voyages of Sir Francis Drake and M. Thomas Candish circumnavigating the earth, and diverse other voyages intended and set forth for that course.
