The Hydrophane opal is white and cloudy until it is immersed in water, when it becomes transparent.

Why are gemstones of the sapphire genus so valuable?

These stones are the second hardest substance in nature, second only to diamonds. The genus also includes some of the most expensive stones, like the oriental ruby and the topaz.  The blue variant, called a sapphire, is harder than a ruby.  It won't melt when exposed to extreme heat.  When a sapphire is rubbed against something it will becoming electrically charged and can carry that charge for several hours.  Sapphires are found in alluvial soil, near rocks belonging to the secondary or floetz-trap formation and imbedded in gneiss.  Famed sapphire mines are found in Rodsedlitz and Treblitz in Bohemia, Hohenstein in Saxony, and Expaily in France. Particulary beautiful stones have been found in the Capelau mountains, not far from the city of Sirian in Pegu. When the white and light blue varieties are exposed to heat they become snow white and so lustrous that they can be cut and used in place of diamonds.

The most valuable types of sapphire are the red ones - what are called the oriental ruby - and the the blue sapphires and the oriental topaz.  The asterias, or star-stone, is also a very beautiful, reddish-purple opalescent stone.

Sapphires which are ten carats in weight are worth 50 guineas according to Jameson.

A newer addition to the sapphire family is the blue topaz or Brazilian sapphire.  The white topaz, called mina nova in Brazil, is much more lustrous than rock crystals.  Mawe suggested that the reason for this is the addition of fluoric acid to the topaz.

Why are rubies such a brilliant color?

Rubies have a high chromic acid content while other red stones, like the garnet, get their coloring from iron oxide.  This gives rubies a much more vivid color.  The most sought after rubies, and the rarest color, are pure carmine or blood red.  When polished these stones have an intense fire that is like nothing else.  

Generally though sapphires are usually pale and tinted blue but the colour can vary from rose-red to pink, peach or lilac.  Purplish stones are referred to as the oriental amethyst.

Perfectly formed and colored rubies are in fact rarer than good diamonds and, if they weigh 3-4 carats, are even more valuable.  The kings and queens of Pegu, Siam and Ava possess the rarest of these rubies, some so exquisite that they have become immortalized in proverbs.  The Subah of the Deccan is another lover of fine things and he possesses one of the most beautiful and largest rubies in the world.  But the finest ruby is more famous for its antiquity than its size or clarity.  It is part of the back cross on the imperial crown worn at Cressy and Agincourt by the Black Prince and Henry V.

Why are garnets red?

It is simply because they have a high iron oxide content.

In fact, a perfect gem stone is determined not so much by the quality of its components as the proportion of the minerals that make it up.  Alkaline earth, lime, magnesia, and potash all contribute to the color and quality of the stone.
