There are a variety of calls Hydrophane Opal, who is white and opaque to dive into the water it looks like the old. 
Why is gender so appreciated sapphire? 

Because, after diamond, which is the hardest substance in nature. It also forms the most valuable jewels, as the oriental ruby and topaz. The blue variety, or sapphire is harder than ruby. It is infusible before the blowpipe. Becomes electric by friction, and retains its power for several hours, but not converted into electricity by heating. It occurs in alluvial soils in the vicinity of the rocks belonging to the formation floetz-trap secondary, and embedded in gneiss. Located in Treblitz Rodsedlitz and Bohemia, and Hohenstein in Saxony; Expailly in France and especially beautiful in the mountains Capelau, twelve days after the Sirius, a city of Pegu. Next is the most valuable diamond jewels. The pale blue and white varieties, from exposure to heat become white as snow, and when cut, have such high brightness, which are used in place of the diamond. 

The most popular varieties are red and carmine red, which are the oriental ruby jewelry, the following is the sapphire, and the latter is made of sapphire or oriental topaz. The starfish, or rock stars, is a very nice strain, in which the color is usually a reddish purple color with opalescent glow. 

A ten-carat sapphire weight is considered a value of fifty guineas .-- Jameson. 

Blue topaz, sapphire and Brazil, is of recent introduction. White topaz crystal far exceeds in brightness, and in Brazil is called nova mine [4]. 

[4] The pink topaz is made from yellow, which, of intense color, is placed in the bowl of a pipe, snuff, or the small pot, covered with ash or sand: on the implementation of a low degree of heat, changes color from yellow to a beautiful rose. 

Containing hydrofluoric acid, which can be the means of this change .-- Mawe. 

Why 

Ruby is a color so bright? 

Due to a sixth of chromic acid is, while other gems, such as garnet, are colored by iron oxide. Most estimates, and at the same time, the rarest color, oriental ruby, is the pure carmine, or red blood of considerable strength, forming, when well-polished glow of the finest ink and unsurpassed . 

It is, however, more or less pale, and mixed with the blue in different proportions, so it produces red rose red and white, crimson, peach blossom, lilac and blue - the variety of the latter name oriental amethyst. 

A perfect ruby in color and transparency, it is much less common than a good diamond, and when the weight of three or four carats, is even more valuable the gem. The king of Pegu, and the kings of Siam and Ava, monopolize the rarest gemstones, the best in the world is in the possession of the first of these kings, their purity has turned into a proverb, and its value compared to gold is invaluable. 

The Subah of the Deccan, too, is in possession of a prodigiously well-being, a full inch in diameter. The princes of Europe can not boast of a first-rate magnitude. Mr. Mawe, whose exciting work restricted data, oriental sapphire considered to rank next in value to the ruby. 

The best among these ruby jewels in their seniority of intrinsic value, which is the one used in Crespo and Agincourt, by the Black Prince and V. Henry: this comes on the back cross, and sapphire in the front, crown imperial state occasions. 

Why garnets are often a reddish brown dye? 

Due to excess iron in oxide, a small percentage is enough to completely color without damaging your game and splendor. 

In fact, the perfection of all gems depends less on the quality of its early components, which in combination solution and intimate. Alkaline lands, such as lime, magnesia, and better still, pot ash, seem to act as solvents, alumina, completely dissolved, acquired, as we have shown from Klaproth, a crystallization, of which, by itself alone is not likely.
