Hydrophane is a variety of opal that is white and opaque till it is immersed in water to resemble Opal.

Sapphire is the most expensive, since it is the hardest substance. While it costs like ruby and topaz, it costs lesser than diamonds. It does not become electrical by heating, but does by rubbing - and retains its electricity for several hours.

Sapphires occurs in alluvial soil. These are found in Rodsedlitz and Treblitz in Bohemia, and Hohenstein in Saxony; Expailly in France; and particularly beautiful in the Capelau mountains, twelve days from Sirian, a city of Pegu. White and pale blue sapphires become snow-white and exhibit a high lustre when exposed to heat and then cut are used in place of diamonds.

Oriental rubies in crimson and carmine red colours are the most highly priced, followed by sapphire and then topaz. Asterias or star-stone is generally reddish violet with an opalescent lustre and generally reddish violet in colour.

A sapphire of ten carats weight is considered to be worth fifty guineas.--Jameson.

A yellow topaz of intense colour is put into a bowl of tobacco pipe or small crucible, covered with ashes or sand and then low degree of heat is applied. This changes a yellow topaz to a pink topaz. Thus change could be due to fluoric acid contained therein.

Ruby is brilliantly coloured because one sixth if it is chromic acid. Other gems like the garnet are coloured by oxides of iron. Carmine or blood-red ruby of considerable intensity is the most esteemed and rarest coloured ruby. It is, however, more or less pale, and mixed with blue in various proportions; hence it occurs rose-red and reddish white, crimson, peach-blossom red, and lilac blue--the latter variety being named oriental amethyst.

A perfect ruby in colour and trnasparency is more difficult to find than a good diamond and a ruby of 3 - 4 carats will be more expensive that the gem. The king of Pegu and the monarchs of Siam and Ava hold the rarest and finest rubies in the world.

The Subah of the Deccan, also, is in possession of a prodigiously fine one, a full inch in diameter. The princes of Europe cannot boast of any of a first rate magnitude. Mr. Mawe, from whose interesting work we abridge these particulars, considers the oriental sapphire to rank next in value to the ruby. 

The finest ruby among these gems is more treasured for its antiquity than intrinsic value, it being the one worn at Cressy and Agincourt, by the Black Prince and Henry V.: this is worn on the back cross, and the sapphire on the front, of the imperial crown upon state occasions. 

Why are garnets often found of a reddish brown tinge? 

Because of the excess of oxide of iron which they contain; a small proportion being sufficient to colour them entirely, without injuring their play and splendour. 

In fact, the perfection of all gems depends less on the quality of their component principles, than on their complete solution and intimate combination. The alkalized earths, as lime, magnesia, and still better, pot-ash, seem to intervene as solvents, for alumina, completely dissolved, acquires, as we have shown from Klaproth, a crystallization, of which, by itself, it is not susceptible.
