"Poor Pollio, you are nothing but a lowly prisoner. You must reconsider. Think of your renowned ancestors and what is keeping you from reaching their level of fame.

Pollio responded that he could not.

"You're an outcast. Even the poorest Roman beggars live better than you do. They at least can feed themselves with less work and embarassment, and they're not forced to live underground. Most of all, they live in safety, without fear of the police. But you have to eke out a miserable living in the darkness, in abject poverty and hunger, always alert to danger. What have you possibly gained by adhering to your religion? What has this Jesus person ever done for you? I'll tell you: nothing. No, worse than nothing, because he has taken all comfort from you--money, your friends, the honors awarded to Roman citizens, and even the favor of our Emperor. You must turn from this man who deceives you."

Pollio shook his head no. "I cannot," he stated simply.

"I knew your father as brave soldier who was completely loyal to Rome. He gave his life for his country when you were but a baby. You are his only heir. If he only knew what was to befall his son and lead him down the wrong paths. Your mother, maddened by grief, was fooled into believing the teaching of false men, and she in her ignorance pulled you down with her.

Things would have been different if you father had not perished. He would have proudly passed his legacy on to you, and your mother would have not fallen into a false religion. Does your father's memory mean nothing to you? You owe him your obedience. It is a sin to dishonor his name, and that of your forefathers, in such a way. You took your family's golden reputation and ground it into the mud.

Enough with your delusions. For the sake of your father and for the honor of your family, deny your religion and return to your rightful place in society."

Pollio replied, "As long as my religion is rightful and pure, I cannot dishonor my family. You may kill me, but you cannot make me turn from my Lord."

The official continued, "We have shown mercy and compassion to you because of your family name and your youth. It would go harder for you if you were a common prisoner; you would be offered a quick choice between recanting or execution. We are trying to reason with you now, because we would hate to see such a distinguished family line end due to the stubbornness of one prodigal son."

Pollio thanked him for showing consideration. "However," he continued, "my religion means more to me than the weight of your words."

"Don't be rash and stupid, boy! You will bring down the wrath of the Emperor on your head."

"I fear the wrath of the Lamb much more."

"What are you saying? Just what do you mean by the wrath of the Lamb? I don't think you understand what is going to happen to you."

Pollio said gravely, "I have already watched my friends and peers endure every injury you have inflicted upon them. I hope I can face my future as courageously."

"Do you imagine you can withstand what you would face in the arena? The wild beasts that will maul you?"

"I trust that God will stand by me. He will not abandon me when I need him most, He who has already given himself for me."

"You might be put to the stake; have you thought about what it's like to burn to death?"

"I will not falter if that is to be my fate. In any case it will be over soon and I will be free to spend eternity with God."

"You are a fanatic. Your susperstitious mumbo jumbo has driven you insane. Bravery is easier said than done. What will you do when you realize you're staring death in the face?"

"I will look to the one who has given all for me. He gave himself so I might live, and through him I will come to a better life than this one, which will be taken from me."

"You're dreaming. How can a lowly Jew do what you claim."

"He is the son of God, born into human form. He also suffered physical death so we may achieve spiritual life."

"You fool, open your eyes--your beliefs have brought you nothing but trouble. In the end, won't you see that you have made a mistake?"

"I will overcome death, with His strength," said Pollio, evenly. "I am not afraid."
