Making A Distributor-
You require strip of fine aprroximately one inch wide (If you have strip from old felt than it is excellent). 
Thenyou have to roll it tightly. Just leave edges flat. To make it smooth and even you have to rub the edges over the piece of sand paper.

Making Blue Powder-
To make blue damar you have to take same amount of gum damar and white rosin. Also require persian blue colour for colouring. 
Mix them evenly.
You can also use chrome yellow powder, burnt sienna, lampblack, many more. You can improve black powder by adding small amount of blue.

Making White Powder-
Mix properly one ounce of white lead, half ounce of gum arabic in impalpable powder. And half ounce white rosin in the fine powder.

Making Superior Dark Blue Powder-
Mix properly one ounce of white rosin, one and a half ounce of gum sandarac and one and half ounce of Prussian blue in fine powder.

French Indelible Stamping-
It is a best way for any kind of dark material. Keep in mind that blue powder will be required.

For this process we require paint and  brush instad of a pouncet and powder.

You can use both sides of the cloth but it will be best if you use the smoother side. Keep the pattern down as if you are doing stamping. Now paint the perforations, ensure that lines are kept sharp, clean ant distinct. Once the stamping is done you have to immediately clean the pattern. Apply benzine and naphtha on the pattern so that paint is removed from the pattern. Later dry both the sides of pattern with a cloth. Or you can also use the cheapest way i.e. machinist. Machinist is the thing use to clean the machines and it also absorbs the naptha and paintly easily.

Check the pattern by holding it in front of the light. Remember if the holes are not clear then wash it again.

Remember not to use the pattern immediately once it is washed as this will clog the perforations because of the moistened gum.

Making The Paint-
Add boiled oil to zinc white till it is formed like a cream. 

Take a round board with a screw in the center so that tin pail can be fitted into it. You have to drop this on the paint so that it will not dry. Occassionally add oil in the paint so that paint will not become thick and it is ready to use any time.

The Brush-
You will require fine stensil brush or any brush with a square end. Wind it tightly with a string within one half inch of the end. It will help mix the paint well. Remember to keep the brush in water so it will be prevented from drying. Before using brush wipe it thoroughly.

How To Take Care Of Patterns-
Rub smooth piece of pumice stone to new patterns. It will take off the burr and help in stamping come out cleaner and finer. Sometimes patterns are large so we have to fold to them. Don't forget to iron the creases before it is used.
