TO DEALER. 
Take a strip of felt fine about an inch wide (a strip of an old felt hat is as good as anything), tightly wound into a roll, leaving the flat, and rub the end on a piece of paper sandpaper to smooth and uniform. 

DUST TO BLUE. 

Take equal parts of gum damar resin and white and just enough blue to color Persian. 

Mix well together. 

Other colors are the same, using the chrome yellow coloring (colored powder), burnt sienna, black smoke, dust, Black is improved by the addition of a little blue to it. 

MAKING WHITE POWDER. 

Take white lead one ounce, half ounce of gum Arabic, impalpable powder, half an ounce of white resin in fine powder. Well blended. 

SUPERIOR POWDER DARK BLUE. 

An ounce of white resin, rubber sandarac half ounce, half ounce of Prussian blue, fine powder. Mix all thoroughly. 

FRENCH PRINTS indelible. 

This is the best process for all dark materials, in fact, that and the blue powder is all I ever be needed. 

In this process a type of paint is used instead of powder and a brush rather than a pouncet. 

Place the pattern on the fabric, with smooth side up if possible (although both sides will work well), the standard weight down and the prints. Rub the paint evenly over the holes, and leave the clean lines, precise and definite. After the sealing is done, the employer must be cleaned immediately. This is done by placing the structure on the table and turn gasoline or diesel on him to cut the paint and then wipe dry pattern on both sides with an old cloth or, better still, with common waste, such as drivers used to clean machinery, which is cheap and absorbs quickly paint and gasoline. 

Keep the light pattern to see if the holes are clear, if not, wash the second time. 

Do not use the pattern for the powder immediately after being washed, allowed to dry a bit, otherwise the wet rubber will fill the holes. 

To make the paint. 

Take zinc white mixed with boiled oil of about the thickness of cream, add a bit of drying, such as the use of painters. 

Store in a tin bucket (a holding of a liter is a good size); have a piece of round cutting board with a screw in the center of a handle to be freely adjusted in the bucket, drop this in the paint and prevent drying. Add a little oil from time to time to maintain the growth of the paint too thick, and always ready for use. 

BRUSH. 

Take a stencil brush fine (or brush with a square cap), wind it tightly with a series of handles to within half inch of the final, which will be just stiff enough to distribute the paint. Hold the brush in water to prevent drying, taking care to clean the water before use. 

CARE PATTERNS. 

The new guidelines, before being used, you should rub on the rough side with a smooth piece of pumice, which the burr disappears and makes the stamping out cleaner and finer. When the patterns are so big they have to be folded, smooth out wrinkles before use.
