That is, in addition to unit type and correspondence from the parties that the practice provides, there are certain appeals to more fundamental susceptibilities of the human eye and imagination. There are, for example, the abstract value, as determined by the sympathy and harmony of the retina or muscle tension involved. Contain different structures or suggest more or less of this kind of beauty, and that proportion can be called inherently better or worse. 
Thus, the artificial forms can be organized in a hierarchy, as the natives, according to the absolute values of their outlines and masses. Herein lies the superiority of a Chinese vase Greek or Gothic building with buckwheat. 

Thus, although each is useful is capable of proportion and beauty, once their type is set, we can not say that this beauty is always potentially equal; and an iron bridge, for example, although it certainly has and takes up aesthetic interest, probably never, on average, equal to a stone bridge. 

Accidental form and ornament. 

ยง 41. Beauty of form is the last to be found and admired in artificial as in natural objects. It takes time for its creation, and training and subtlety of perception to enjoy it. Movement or color is what first interested in toys a child, as in animals, and the artist decorates barbaric long before the designs. The cave and hut painted with paint, or hung with trophies, before taking pleasure in their shape, and individual appeal to the senses, as associations of wealth and luxury, above, with much The appeal to the perceptual harmony of form. In music, the same ranking is observed: First, we appreciate your sensory and emotional value, and only through education we can enjoy his way. 

The visual arts begin, therefore, the accidental ornament and symbolism. The aesthetic pleasure in the wealth of material, the profusion of ornament, the importance of the form - in all, and not in the same way. 

We therefore, in the works of art from two independent sources of effect. The first is the useful form, creating the type, and ultimately, the beauty of form, where the rate has been idealized, emphasizing its features intrinsically enjoyable. 

The second is the beauty of ornament, which comes from the excitement of the senses or imagination, color, or wealth or the delicacy of detail. Historically, the latter was first developed and applied to a form so far merely useful. But the presence of ornamentation contemplation attracts the attention lavished on the object helps determine its shape in the mind, and that discriminate against us, less than the funniest. 

The two types of beauty are then felt, and, yielding to the tendency to drive that betrays the mind always, we begin to subordinates and to organize these two excellences. The ornament is distributed to highlight the essence of form and aesthetics, to idealize even more, adding interest accidental in harmony with the intrinsic interest of the lines of the structure. 

Here is a great field, of course, for the variety of combination and compromise. Some artists are fascinated by the decor, and think about the structure just as the ground on which they may be more advantageous to appear. Others, like leaner, will only adornment to emphasize the outline of the design, or to hide elements so discordant as the nature or utility can avoid elimination. [12] In this manner can range from the decorative and structural, and only one point for each style, we find the ideal balance, which combines the strength and clarity to the peak.
