Besides the unity of type and correspondence which custom establishes, there are appeals to more basic susceptibilities of the human eye and imagination.  For instance, there is the value of abstract form, that is determined by the harmony and pleasantness implied by retinal or muscular tensions.  This kind of beauty is suggested by different structures and may be called better or worse in proportion.

Therefore, artificial forms can be classified like natural ones, referencing the values of their masses and contours.  There lies the superiority of Gothic to Saracenic construction or Greek to Chinese vases.

Thus, even though every useful form is capable of proportion and beauty, when once its type is established, we cannot say that beauty is equal.  Even though interesting, an iron bridge will never equal the beauty of an equal bridge of stone.

Form and adventitious ornament.

41.  Last to be found or admired in artificial objects in beauty of form.  Training and perception is needed to establish it.  Motion or colour is what interests a child first in toys just like animals; and the artist decorates before he designs.  Before any pleasure is takin in their shape, a cave or wigwam is decorated with paint.  Appeal to the detached senses and to the illusion of wealth and luxury, precedes the appeal to the harmonies fo form.  In music we observe the same pattern; first we appreciate the sentimental and sensual value and only with education can we enjoy its form.

Plastic arts begin with adventitious ornament and symbolism.  Pleasure is found in the richness of the material, the number of ornaments, and the importance of the shape, in everything, rather than the shape itself.

We have in art two independent sources of effect.  First is the useful form, which generates the type and beauty fo the form, when the type has been idealized by emphasizing its pleasing traits.

Secondly, is the beauty of the ornament, obtained from the excitement of the senses or imagination, by colour or detail.  Historically, the latter is deveveloped first and applied to a useful form.  However, the presence of ornaments causes contemplation; the attention applied to the object fixes its form in the mind and makes us discriminate fromt he less to the more graceful.

The two kinds of beauty are then felt, and, yielding to that tendency to unity which the mind always betrays, we begin to subordinate and organize these two excellences. The ornament is distributed so as to emphasize the aesthetic essence of the form; to idealize it even more, by adding adventitious interests harmoniously to the intrinsic interest of the lines of structure. 

Some artists are fascinated by the decoration and only think of the stucture as the background on which it can be displayed.  Otheres allow ornament to only emphasize the main lines of design and hide the inharmonious elements.  There is a great opportunity for combination and compromise.  We can move from decorative and structural motives and find equilibrium, which can be combined with the greatest of splendour.
