TO MAKE A DISTRIBUTOR.

Take a strip of fine felt almost an inch wide (a strip from an old felt hat works), roll it up tightly, leaving the end flat, and rub the end over a piece of sand paper to make it smooth and even.

TO MAKE BLUE POWDER.

Take equal parts of gum damar and white rosin, as well as just enough Persian blue to color it. Mix well.

You can make other colors by using for coloring chrome yellow (for light-colored powder), burnt sienna, lampblack, etc. Black powder is improved by adding a little blue to it.

TO MAKE WHITE POWDER.

Take one ounce of white lead, half an ounce of gum arabic in impalpable powder, and half an ounce of white rosin in fine powder. Mix Well.

SUPERIOR DARK BLUE POWDER.

One ounce of white rosin, half an ounce of gum sandarac, and half an ounce of Prussian blue in fine powder. Mix thoroughly.

FRENCH INDELIBLE STAMPING.

This is the best process for all dark materials; in fact, this and the blue powder are all that are needed. This works best if you use a kind of paint instead of powder, as well as a brush instead of a pouncet. Place the pattern on the cloth, smooth side up if you can (though either side will work), and stamp by putting weight on the pattern. The lines will be clean, sharp and distinct if you rub the paint evenly over the perforations. The pattern must be cleaned immediately after the stamping is done. This is done by placing the pattern on the table, using benzine or naphtha over it to cut the paint, and then wiping the pattern dry on both sides with an old cloth, or, better still, with common waste (such as machinists use to clean machinery); this is cheap and absorbs the paint and naphtha quickly. Hold the pattern up to the light to see if the holes are all clear; if they are not, wash it a second time. Do not use the pattern for powder immediately after it has been washed; let it dry a short time, otherwise the moistened gum will clog the perforations.

TO MAKE THE PAINT.

Take zinc white, mix it with boiled oil to about the thickness of cream, and add a little drying like painters use. Keep in a tin pail (pint size works well), use a round piece of board with a screw in the center for a handle to fit loosely into the pail, and drop this on the paint to keep it from drying up. Add a little oil occasionally to keep the paint from growing too thick, and it will always be ready for use.

THE BRUSH.

Take a fine stencil brush (or any brush with a square end) and wind it tightly with a string from the handle down to within one half inch of the end. This will make it just stiff enough to distribute the paint well. Store the brush in water to keep it from drying up, taking care to wipe off the water before using.

TAKING CARE OF PATTERNS.

Rub the rough side of your new/unused patterns with a smooth piece of pumice stone; this wears off the burr and makes the stamping come out more clean and fine. When patterns are so large that they have to be folded, iron out the creases before using them.
