Even though our victories, are managed by the hand, they are acheived by the head. We feel little concept to meddle with what Burke calls "the mystery of murder," or "the present perfection of gunnery, cannoneering, bombarding, and mining;". As it may be the weapon of the goose-quill, we hope our readers understand we will not change our policy, which is pleasing them. As our title suggests, we have to present current events. Verbatim; we are praying the accompanying View and System of the Bay of Navarino will be welcomed, quod rerum est omnium primum.

So far, the current event attached to Navarino: with recent events which have resurfaced such interest. Our readers have become more familiar with the glory to the Sun of all newspapers. We will continue to the somber duty of reporting on the Bay of Navarino, as it is a place of great intrest in the recording of ancient and modern warfare.

As we use complete honesty, (we trust our whole conduct,) we understand our responbilites to the "Travels" of M. Pouqueville and his views. "The port of Navarino, certainly one of the finest in the world," says Sir William Gell, in his tantalizing quest in the Morea, "is formed by a deep indenture in the Morea, shut in by a long island, anciently called Sphacteria, famous for the defeat and capture of the Spartans, in the Peloponnesian war, and yet exhibiting the vestige of walls, which may have served as their last refuge. This island has been separated into three or four parts by the violence of the waves, so that boats might pass from the open sea into the port in calm weather, by means of the channel so formed. On one of the portions is the tomb of a Turkish saint, or santon; and near the centre of the port is another very small island, or rock." The island is Sphagia.

Navarino, is the Pylos of the ancients, and more than likely the birthplace of Nestor the respectable noble-- which is overlooking the enormus harbour which has the same name as the town. Surrounded with a wall and, kept safe by five towers. Which were built by the Turks in 1572, needed no repair until after the battle with the Russians in 1770. The Turks conqured it from the Venetians in 1499. At the gate of the fort is a diminishing Greek town; and the walls of the castle are in terrible condition.

"The town within the wall," quotes Sir W. Gell, "is like all those in this part of the world, encumbered with the fallen ruins of former habitations. These have been generally constructed by the Turks, since the expulsion of the Venetians; for it appears, that till the long continued habit of possession had induced the Mahometans to live upon and cultivate their estates in the country, and the power of the Venetian republic had been consumed by a protracted peace, a law was enforced which compelled every Turk to have a habitation in some one of the fortresses of the country. But the habitatations," he speaks on, "present generally an indiscriminate mass of ruins; they were originally erected in haste, and being often cemented with mud instead of mortar, the rains of autumn, penetrating between the outer and inner faces of the walls, swell the earth, and soon effect the ruin of the whole"-- sadly built structures couldn't keep out the enemy. Sir William, on his visit, discovered the ranks in diseray not expected by his fellow-citizens. His robes were in good condition. He was welcomed by a "very kindly in a dirty unfurnished apartment," where he "climbed by a tottering ladder from a court strewed with ruins;" here he was given "coffee," after he left. Why would he be treated with such digust? and it could not have been any better for our traveller.

The ground in Navarino is red, and has vast growth of unlimited number of squills, which help make certain medicine. The rocks, which are everywhere through out the Navarino rich soil, are limestone, and have an appearance of the diminishing castle of Navarino; and the minutiae amount of trees is nothing compaired to the amount of sage, brooms, cistus, and different shrubs which begin from the many different limestones.
