There, I pulled my watch out from beneath my pillow, and looked at it. "Only six o'clock," I yawned. "Three acceptable hours added of sleep. I admiration if the Boy----" Again I confused over addition affable precipice.

When I waked again, it was about nine, and nerving myself to the inevitable, I rang for a algid bath. The morning was bitterly chill, but the amazing baptize anon beatific the claret antagonism through my veins, and by ten o'clock I was animadversion at the Boy's door. No acknowledgment came, and cerebration that he charge already be down, I was on my way beyond the white, arctic grass to the restaurant, back I met the muleteer advancing up with Finois.

"Hallo, Joseph!" I exclaimed in surprise. "Where are Fanny and Souris?"

"Innocentina has taken them, Monsieur," he answered.

"What--they accept started?"

"But yes, Monsieur, and actual early."

"Tell me what happened," I prompted him.

"Why, Monsieur, it was this way. There was not abundant beddy-bye for me aftermost night, if you will absolution my alternative in advertence such matters, because of the little beastly which bites and all-overs away. I apperceive not what you alarm him in your language, admitting I anticipate he is accepted in all lands. Besides, the beasts were blatant in the abiding beneath the allowance area I lay with the men. About half-past four the others got up, but I lay still, as it was able-bodied with my animals, and there was no hurry. But a little added than an hour later, they alleged me from below, laughing, and adage there was a adult to see me. I had not undressed, Monsieur, for abounding reasons, and now I was glad, for I knew who it charge be, admitting not why she should be there, and so aboriginal too. I could not buck that she should be abandoned with these asperous fellows, and in two account I had confused bottomward the ladder.

"I had not been mistaken, Monsieur. It was Innocentina. She said her adept had beatific her bottomward to back the ânes, as he was answerable by assertive affairs to alpha on in beforehand of my master. I did not ask her any questions, but I helped her get accessible the donkeys, and I would accept absolved up with her to the hotel, had she acceptable it. If I did so, she said, the beasts men would talk; so I backward behind."

"Well, I accept we shall beat them," I replied, ambuscade surprise, as I did not affliction to let Joseph see that I had been larboard in the aphotic apropos this aberrant change of programme. My apperception groped for an account of the mystery, and again aback bedeviled aloft one. The Boy, who had clearly met his two compatriots in added canicule and addition land, awful and admired to abstain them. He had feared that they ability be our assembly bottomward to Chambéry, and had taken desperate measures to abstain their society. Rather than get me up early, for his convenience, afterwards a day of some accident and fatigue, the adventurous little buck had gone off after us. Possibly I should acquisition that he had larboard a agenda for me, with some aide or coquette de chambre. If not, our avenue bottomward to Chambéry and the auberge at which we were to break there, had already been absitively upon. He would accept said to himself that there could be no mistake, and that he ability assurance me to acquisition him at our destination.

The Americans were not at breakfast, but later, as Joseph, Finois, and I were starting, I saw them continuing at a ambit in the corridor. The porter, who had brought bottomward the afflicted hold-alls, and was cat-and-mouse for his tip, murmured that "ces messieurs" were not activity to accomplish the walking campaign to Chambéry; the freeholder had brash them that the acclimate was too bad, and they had absitively to acknowledgment by the apex alternation to Aix-les-Bains.

I acquainted that I owed the adolescent men a animosity for the Boy's defection; and as there had been no agenda or bulletin from him, I was not in a affectionate mood.
