However you are to be channeled in your scenario."

"Yes. But also I'm shocking desolate. I've unfailingly been accustomed to having Lyddy to talk over things with, and I miss her a sight. Then again I don't know anyone that has her routes something greater than you have. You are a great bargain quite an impressive fabricated lady, and you hold the same hitch to your shoulders when you stroll. You've got something the same look to your eyes, too; I acknowledged it final Sunday in gathering-time," kept on the widower, uneasily.

"I do empathize with you. A man apart from everyone else is in a terrible scenario," answered Miss Tame. "I'm confident I'd do any thing in my capacity to help you."

"Well, marry with me then. That is what I need. We might be certified pleasing as one unit. I'll strive for the license this moment, and we'll be married almost immediately," given back where its due suitor. "You head over up to Elder Crane's, and I'll meet you there whenever I am able to bring around."

Then he hastened distant, "without giving me an opportunity to state 'no,'" expressed "she that was" Persis Tame, a while later. "So I had to marry with him, as you may declare. Be that as it may I've never viewed create to lament it, I've got a top notch of a drone, and Captain Ben constructs a top notch of a spouse. And then no hain't he, I trust, found create to lament it," she united, with a touch of wifely pride; "however I do anticipate he could have had his pick near every last trace of the single ladies at the Point; but out of all of them he preferred me."--The Atlantic Monthly, March, 1870.

LOUISA MAY ALCOTT.

(BORN, 1832.)

* * *

STREET SCENES IN WASHINGTON.

The mules were my particular pleasure; and a hour's concentrate on of a predictable succession of them acquainted me with a considerable lot of their attributes; for six of these odd small monsters drew each armed force wagon, and go bouncing like frogs through the stream of mud that tenderly moved in the lane. The flirty donkey had humble feet, a fantastically trimmed tassel of a tail, livened-up ears, and appeared much given to small tosses of the head, influenced skips and dances; and, depending on if he wore the ringers, or were bedizened with a spot of luxury, put on as numerous show as any looker. The ethical donkey was a stout, hardworking animal, unfailingly tugging with all his may; regularly pulling endlessly when the rest had quit, working under the reliable daydream that sustenance for the whole armed force hinged on his private efforts. I regarded this style of donkey; and, had I controlled a delicious cabbage, could have pressed it upon him, with a debt of gratitude is in order regarding his incredible sample. The dramatic donkey was an exaggerated quadruped, inclined to startling humankind by unpredictable jumps, and wild plunges, much shaking of his hardheaded take, and lashing off of his vicious heels; sometimes falling level, and evidently biting the dust a la Forrest; a heave--a squirm--a failure, et cetera, till the lane was overall obstructed up, the drivers all swearing such as evil presences in disagreeable caps, and the boss character's dissemination firmly revived by each mixture of kick, sleeve, yank, and pull.
