The room for composition occupied the rest of the central edifice and an entire level of the immediately adjacent structure. To get to the area used by the editors and reporters, one had to pass through a doorway near Ballantyne's chambers in the northern portion of the space and traverse a few steps downward. Editors and reporters shared three rooms of identical size there, each one 2.3 by 4 yards. One of these was the office of Mr. Field himself. Another was for the art critic, whose criticism of art and drama were, apparently, quite important. And the last one was mine to share with Bates, who was the editor responsible for collecting content from elsewhere for our publication (not to be confused with the editor responsible for reading the wire reports that arrived via telegraph, who had a desk and some space demarcated back in the composition room itself). There was, of course, additional space in that building on the same level and that was filled by the writers on the city desk. It was so cramped that if there'd been a fire at the right time of day, the publication itself would have ceased to exist not only because of the property damage but also because everyone who worked there would have died in the blaze.

Given the limitations, it was not the sort of place any given reporter or editor could decorate according to his tastes, but that didn't stop Mr. Field from adding a few personal touches, most of them stains on the floor and walls in a particular spot he spat his chewing tobacco. He also had a cabinet with small drawers, library style, into which he filed information clipped from the publication alphabetically, typically organizing whatever was printed about a particular public figure under that person's name. And he had weights, bowling pins, and workout equipment on the floor which, though he did not use it to anyone's knowledge, the custodial staff was not allowed to move or even to touch. Above his escritoire he had a big section of sheet metal that he used as a gong to make noise when he wanted something, or, once in a while, to mask the noise of the furnace and the kid responsible for shoveling coal into it. The heating system did work, more or less, by the way, and kept the place from freezing all the way through the cold months.
