And if overflowing bothers after a day, avoid it by digging deeply.

Some, in order for their gardens to have moisture, dig in the soil.  I do not approve of this; roots are often hurt, especially if the task is done by an unskilled laborer.  Apples and pears respond poorly when exposed to the sun, producing suckers on their roots.  Unless the ground is made level and the initial digging very shallow, the trees can be harmed or even destroyed by such behavior.  Plums and Cherries will almost always have such suckers on their roots.

Grass is needed for moisture, but it should not touch the roots of the trees.  Moss can develop if grass touches the roots, and then the tree won't be as open to the sun and air.

Standing water is not necessarily a sign that the ground is too moist.  Except in sour marshes, springs, and waterfalls, no ground can be too moist. If the ground is too sandy, or a stiff clay, it will be difficult to moisten. After rainfall the water will descend into the ground without spreading throughout the soil.  The water seen in such soil is not beneficial, but a fault of poorly dressing and manuring the soil.

Soil should be naturally level, for an uneven ground will destroy the ability of the soil to grow.  Trees and herbs put their roots in the crust of the soil, and draw their sap from this layer.  This layer is the best layer of the soil, and affected by the temperature and moisture of its surroundings, not as insulated as the lower layers.

Underneath this layer, no plant can put root.  If you bury weeds growing in your garden underneath this layer, they will die (and in so doing, fertilize the field).  In good soil, the crust is no deeper than 15-18 inches; in lesser soil, the crust is more shallow.  

The dependence on plants on the crust layer is the reason why non-naturally level ground is bad: the crust is mixed with soil from other layers of the soil (worse for growing).  The regions with the crust taken away from the to make the soil level, in particular, have become barren, forcing one to find new crust as a replacement, or be stuck with poor soil.  Any leveling should be done before planting so as to avoid removing or harming plants' roots by digging.  It is important also to clear the ground of gravel, loose rocks, hedges, and weeds.  (Also keep in mind that there is no difference between good soil and a good site for an orchard.)
