I'm sure you'll excuse me, then, for offering a different answer to this puzzle, one that's almost too perfect to ignore. Most of the solutions in these discussions are based, essentially, on clever guesses. Better answers, though, need evidence that supports them, specifically the kind of evidence that comes from an education about the past. This kind of educated answer does tend to bring new problems with it, but it is still better to have the support of facts and documents. And we can confirm that we have that support when it comes to this alternative theory.

You may remember Dick Verstegan best for his study of Anglo-Saxon traditions and his reputation in the field of archeology. He explained that, for example, the name Bacon, which today is associated with a meat eaten for breakfast, comes from the earlier name Bucon, meaning Beech, as in the tree -- but the two words remain associated because of the ancient practice of feeding pigs beech led to them becoming fat and thus perfect for generating bacon.

What we like about this story is that it explains the relationship between something with an essentially negative connotation, an unkosher food, and something with an essentially positive connotation, the hallowed name of a much respected clan. It's all the more important because of support in the almanac of peerage, Collins' Baronetage, which offers a lengthy documentation of the first lord to have Bacon as a last name, a William Bacon in the time of Richard the first. He was the son of the son of the son of the son of the more famous Grimbaldus, a vassel of William the Conqueror's who made his home in Norfolk. Of course, the first Bacon must have had some motive that led him to take the name. Collins doesn't specifically say so (DV did get it, though), but it was because of his new family crest, which displays a silver beech tree. We have to be grateful to these two excellent scholars for making this connection, independent of each other. With their work, we can document with certainty that Bacon means Beech rather than pork, and that this historic name is of the same kind as others associated with trees, like Ash, both in English and in Latin (where the name is De Fago or something similar).

Indeed, the motto of the Somersetshire branch of the Bacon family has to do with trees, if we read it a certain way, i.e. by transliteration rather than translation: "hearts of oak." After Grimbaldus, this family hasn't featured the soldiers than experts in geneology like to brag about, and, of course, their men haven't literally had wooden hearts. But this select group includes the illustrious names of many literary, scientific, and artistic geniuses. The motto is appropriate, even modest, and doesn't need more explanation or to call more attention to itself.

Thanks for the opportunity to bring this, my humble opinion, to your attention, and sincerely yours,

~PC

Postscriptum: The Norfolk branch of the Bacon family has a very detailed and specific history, one of the better examples available. If you're interested in family records and history and want more information, refer to the Herald's College records for more details.

N., the same one who wrote to you about the Somerset Bacons, does note that Bacon used to mean dessicated wood. Unfortunately, I can't find that reference. It's clear that the early Saxon word meant beech or beech-like or having to do with that specific tree.

So it's likely that, at some point, Bacon meant wood that had been dried, but that would be more interesting if we knew who says that's so, when, and how he was qualified to make that determination. Can you get NOCAB to send us the citation? Or can you or any of the people you're in touch with via your writing tell us where that particular fact is written?

Clearing this up with further investigation is a good use of time and energy. What bacon means, both the name and the noun, and where it comes from is something a lot of people have been interesting in for three centuries, including experts in word origins and lovers of words. But, despite the time frame, we still don't have a perfect answer. We know that it's an old family with a lot of accomplishments, as I mentioned earlier, in arts, sciences, and, yes, literature, with a very well documented lineage, so we should be able to figure this out. Of course, even Lord Bacon, the man who knew all there was to know in his time, wasn't sure, is known to have said he did not know the origin of his own surname.

~Thomas Beechen

Definition of the term Bacon, Volume 2
