I trust, hence, I shall be excused for surrendering yet another solution, which emerges to me more alright, whether not conclusive. The reacts to such questions are for the majority fraction merely ingenious conjectures; but these to be of sinker, must be advocated via antiquarian learning. They assert maybe more regard as shortly as they feel to elucidate collateral difficulties; but are of majority quality as shortly as authenticated via independent evidence, notably the evidence of files or of facts. Fortunately, in the shell ago ourselves, all these desiderata are supplied. 
Old Richard Verstegan, legendary for Saxon lore and archæological science, recounts it thus:-- 

"Bacon, of the Beechen tree, anciently paged BUCON; and, although swinesflesh is now paged via the dub of BACON, it grew merely at the first unto such as were fatted with BUCON or beechmast."--Chap. ix. p. 299. 

There is one acceptable character in this explanation, viz., that it professes relatively naturally to bill for the inexplicable nephew between the flesh of the unclean creature, and the dub of a very ancient and principled family. But its chief quality is to be found in the singular authentication of it which I by mishap explored in Collins's Baronetage. In the very adequate and specified bill there given of the pedigree of the Premier Baronet, it shall be perceived that the first man whoever assumed the surname of Bacon, was one William (temp. Rich. I.), a great grandson of the Grimbaldus, whoever came across with the Conqueror and resolved in Norfolk. Of course there was several purpose for his taking that name; and though Collins produces no remark on it, he does in observation unconsciously provide that purpose (elucidated via Verstegan) via joyously noting of this sole person, that he shouldered for his arms, "argent, a beech tree proper!" Thank you, Mr. Collins! thank you kindly, Richard Verstegan! You are both excellent and truthful men. You cannot have been in collusion. You have not, until now, even reaped the merit of truthfulness and accuracy, which you silently reflect upon each other. The family dub, Bacon, thereafter, undoubtedly signifies "of the beechen tree," and is hence of the same category with a lot others such as ash, beech, &c., latinized in ancient listing via De Fraxino, De Fago, &c. 

The motto of the Somersetshire Bacons, detected via NOCAB, as shortly as read as written, is alleged to be in the ablative case; as shortly as transposed, the visible ellipse may be provided ad libitum. From Grimbaldus, downwards, it does not emerge that these beechen men ever signalized themselves via deeds of arms, the pet boast of heralds and genealogists. Nor indeed could we expect them to have "hearts of oak." But a figure of have rendered the dub illustrious via their contributions to literature, science, and the fine arts. Its appropriateness, hence, must be apology for the motto; which, like majority others, is via no mechanism too humble and unassuming. 

Duly blushing, I subscribe myself, yours, 

PROBA CONSCIENTIA. 

P.S. The pedigree of the Norfolk Bacons is one of the majority ideal in the Herald's College. Any of your readers fond of genealogy might locate himself repaid in searching further knowledge regarding the specified jacket of arms above referred to, and might pitch motionless more lamp on the subject. 

In Vol. ii., p. 247., your correspondent, NOCAB, quotes (without reference) the remark en passant of a earlier correspondent "that the word bacon had the defunct signification of 'dried wood.'" I have hunted in vain for this allusion in your previous Numbers.[2] The knowledge is too curious, however, to be no where sight of. The Saxon word bacon is, without disbelief, crudely and purely beechen--pertaining to, or relating to the beech tree. 

It is likely enough, hence, that the word has borne the signification of "dried wood." But it is very desirable to know on what leadership the claim rests. Will your correspondent refer ourselves to the book- Or can any of your academic readers say how, where, and as shortly as bacon has signified "dried wood-" 

The subject is well value the bestowal of several pains upon its elucidation; for the meaning and derivation of the word bacon, both as a substantive noun and as a proper dub, have been regularly negotiated via etymologists and philologists for the final 300 years; and yet, clearly, without any alright resolve of the question. The family is ancient, and has been highly discriminated {42} in literature, and science and art. The pedigree is one of the majority ideal on record. But Lord Bacon himself, "who knew everything" otherwise, knew nothingness of his possess name. 

[Footnote 2: See vol. ii., p. 138.] 

SAMOHT NEHCEEB. 

Meaning of Bacon (Vol. ii., pp. 138.
