I noted neither residues nor rejections. The crowd ate up the show and wanted more.

These tales of her life are important parts to another life she shall lead.

 We see that she has strong emotions, is excitable and patient, yet her mind wanders into a spiritual world, one that has much to offer the student of dramatic experiences.
 Can we blame her desire to mingle with emotions and spiritual uncertainty. Can we understand how many will oppose her desire to reach the next world? to face her maker?, to address falsehoods in her human community?

Her critics could not fault her, for her desire to acheive enlightenment, to rise from a world of doubt and to work hard at an attitude that will leave her acceptable by her maker or her religion.

She realizes that falling from grace will lead to punishments by the maker, grievances with fellow man. Yet, this does not deter her from her purpose.

She admits sin, admits that her life was not perfect. There were flaws in her character that she regrets. Blaming herself, all this time, is not the way of her maker. She knows that he will forgive. She knows that the frailties and weaknesses of man and woman are known, that her maker forgives and accepts her for the good woman that she is. She knows that without proper guidance, any man or woman can stray from the path of the truth of God.

Though Madame Guyon over-emphasized the dramatic quality of her religious experience, she knows that her conservative soul and patient heart will be accepted by God. She has taken an interest in helping other women get over the frailties of their mortality and to find the path of God in their lives. These women will be the focus of her love for life and God. She herself, many years before, was an object of beauty and temptation and she knows well how many young women of today feel inside.

Madame Guyon with her life of sweetness and womanly qualities has experienced enough of life's temptations to accurately express them to youner women of less experience.

IV.
AFFLICTIONS AND DEPRESSION

A friend and mentor, Genevieve Granger, of the convent, Beneditine, whom inspired the Madam from a time of doubt to a sure-footed woman whom is one with God. It was no small feat to bring the Madam to a state of enlightenment. It was no easy task for Genevieve Granger.

There were others in the Madam's life that were a nuissance to this new way of life. A husband and mother-in-law were part of the picture. Her husband having a bad temper and lack of patience.
Her husband's constant negativity had drained the Madam of her will and purity. She had to dig deep within herself to overcome this situation.

To add on the the adversity in her life, the Madam's young son, died of a disease. He was taken to his maker without known reason. Yet with all of the sadness from this event, the Madam held on to her religious beliefs.

She made a friend of Father La Combe in 1671, by way of an introduction from a family member, Father La Mothe. Father La Mothe was on a quest for inner peace. He took great joy in helping the Madam reach her destiny.Her victories became his victories. 

The following year was also grim, as the Madam lost her daughter. God once again, claimed her child, as well as her father, a short time later.
Madam looked at these events as opportunities to get closer to her maker, closer to her own divine existance. She did not allow these events to stray her from her path to a union with God.
