In recurring intervals of aware reflected I depart through the table of things I recognise for a item I have got--rheumatic feverishness, sciatica, lumbago, toothache, neuritis, bronchitis, laryngitis, tonsilitis, neuralgia, gastritis, catarrh of numerous varieties, heart illness and inflammation (or perhaps congestion) of the lungs. I will consider of some more presently, if my intern will let me only and not retain on anxious me with her "Just drink this." Bother the woman! Why doesn't she alight the earth- What's the use of my consuming that man's filthy doctors when he doesn't recognise what's the subject with me- 
I loathe all and everything, principally the eider-down quilt, which gets higher in slow billows in front of my eyes and menaces to engulf me. When in a paroxysm of fury I unexpectedly cast it on the floor, it lies there still billowing, and looks like to leer at me. There is a thing fat and sinister and German about that eiderdown. I not ever discerned it before. Two Hundred German eider-downs! 

The firelight flickers weirdly about the room and I a go to add up the shadows. But before I commence I recognise the answer--TWO HUNDRED. 

I travel into a nightmare of Two Hundred intangible cabbages which I am trying to vegetation in my new allotment, where a severe destiny forces me to delve and delve and DIG, and, as a natural aftermath, in addition to pain and pain and ACHE. 

PHASE II. 

I can comedian with help from the bed-post and totter feebly to an arm-chair by the blast, where I sit in a dressing-gown and weep. What for- I couldn't declare, except that it looks like a fit and appropriate thing to do. 

I am still of view that I am not long for this world, and my highly appraised occupation at present is counting up the number of wreaths that I might justifiably look frontwards to to have conveyed to my funeral. I don't advise my intern, who would straight away a go to "cheer me up" by chatting to me or giving me a journal to view at. And I would much rather add up wreaths. The Smiths possibly would not be competent to have finance for one.... 

My concepts are sidetracked by the swift apparition of a little meal. I commence to take an onvolvement in these little food servings, which are of such regular happening that I am lessened to tears over, this time at the reflected of the surplus expenditure I am causing. And all for nothing. Why don't they save the wealth for wreaths- 

The healer draws close while I am consuming my for instance miserably yet with a certain gusto, and I dry my eyes quickly as I learn him bounding up the stairs. 

"Hullo," he calls out before he is well through the entrance, "how are we to-day, eh- Beginning to sit up and take notice- I consider we'll change your medicine." 

"I think," I statement resignedly, "that it will be best for a person to delve a opening and place in a dangerous me." 

"Jolly good idea," he accepts heartily. "In item why not perform it to all of us- Please the Germans so too. But it can't be wrapped up, you know--there's a scarcity of grave-diggers." 

Heartless brute! 

* * * * * 

* * * * *
