
"So he has. I wish I had thought to tell them so."

I hadn't been in a boarding-house for nothing.

"It was like Lewis to take her as he did. Very noble and generous, too, even supposing he loved
her. I dare say he does. Is Montalli dead?"

"I don't know. I think so. At all events, they were divorced, and for his cruelty. Only think
of a lady, a young lady, not sixteen, and the darling and idol at home, being beaten and pounded!
Ugh! what horrid creatures Italians are!"

"And you say Lewis happened to be in Mobile at the time?"

"Yes, and fell in love with her,--she, scarcely eighteen, and to have had this shocking experience!
I don't like to tell you how much these ladies have hinted about her, but enough to make me
feel as if I were reading the "Mysteries of Udolpho," instead of hearing of a live woman, out
of a book, and belonging to our own time."

"Very likely she may have amused herself at the expense of their credulity. I have seen women
do that, just for sport, and to see how much people would believe. It is a dangerous game to play."

Mr. Lewis came to dinner, and brought me a little three-cornered note from his wife, written
with much grace and elegance, so far as the composition was concerned. It was sealed with a
dove flying, and expressed her thanks for my bringing the "sweet remembranser" from her beloved
child, and so on, expecting to see me the next day at the Oaks.

The surprising part of the note was, that the writing was scrawled, and the words misspelt
in a manner that would have disgraced the youngest member of a town-school in Weston. She had
"grate" pleasure, and spoke of my "truble" in a way that made me feel as if I should see a child.

The next day brought Mr. Remington himself, fresh and handsome as ever, saying that a carriage
was waiting, and his tulips were at their best, and the ladies expecting to see us,--adding,
with an informality which I had not associated with New York, that the day was all planned
out for us,--tulips and lunch at the Oaks, Hoboken in the afternoon.

That was a white day, and one long to be remembered. First of all, for Hoboken, which, whatever
it may be now, was then a spot full of picturesque beauty and sweet retirement, relieving and
contrasting the roar and tumult of the city; second, for the tulips, which were the most glorious
things I ever saw, and still remain the pattern of exceeding beauty, though I have since seen
wealth of floral splendor, but none that came up to the Royal Adelaide,--nothing so queenly
and so noble as the large white cup, fit for Hebe to bear and the gods to drink out of, and
holding at least a pint within the snowy radiance of its ample brim. I did not wonder Mr. Remington
had a passion for tulips. He flitted about among his brilliant brigade like a happy butterfly,
rejoicing in our delight and exulting in our surprise like a pleased child.

"And is each of these different?"

"Not a duplicate among them. Fifteen hundred varieties."

If he had said fifteen thousand, it would not have added to my astonishment. To be sure, no
king was ever arrayed like one of these. And fifteen hundred! each gorgeous enough for a king's
ransom! It took my breath away to look at the far-reaching parterre of nodding glories, moved
by the breath of the south-wind.

"I am satisfied. I see you are sufficiently impressed with my tulips, Mrs. Prince," said Mr.
Remington, gleefully, "and I shall send you no end of bulbs for your Weston garden."

Mr. Remington had taken us directly to the garden on our arrival, and now led the way, through
large evergreens, and by a winding path, to the house. The land was not half an acre in size,
yet I was sure that I had been over a large estate. The same delusion clung to the house, which
was in looks like one of Gainsborough's cottages, and ought to have been at least two hundred
years old, instead of two. But Downing's advent had already wrought miracles here and there
in our land; and a little while before Mr. Remington had been bitten with an architectural
mania. So under the transplanted trees, and beneath trailing vines of Virginia creeper and
Boursault roses, there peeped the brown gables of a cottage, which arose and stood there as
reposeful and weather-stained as if it had been built before the Revolution.
