"I see that he has. If only I had told them that."

My experiences in a boarding-house served me well.

"That's typical of Lewis, to take her like that. I suppose he loves her. Even if he did love her, it was still rather a grand and noble gesture. Has Montalli died?"

"I think so, but I'm not sure. Anyway, they divorced because of the abuse. Can you imagine beating your sixteen-year-old wife? It's vile! All Italians are."

"And Lewis was in Mobile at the same time?"

"Yep. He fell in love with her. Imagine being barely eighteen and living through that! From what the other ladies say, she seems more like a character from an ancient text rather than a flesh-and-blood woman. It's like she's not from this century."

"I bet she exaggerated her circumstances, just to see if they would believe her. I've seen women bend the truth to the breaking, just for laughs. That game can turn around on you, though."

When Mr. Lewis arrived at dinner, he brought me a little triangular note form his wife. The arrangement of the words were gracious and elegant, and a little dove sealed the note. She thanked me for bringing a "sweet remembranser" from her child, stuff like that, and said that she wanted to see me tomorrow at the Oaks.

What struck me was how poor the spelling and handwriting was. It was below the effort of even the littlest child in the poorest school of my town. She wrote of her "grate" pleasure, and my "truble." I expected to meet a toddler at the Oaks.

The next day, Mr. Remington arrived to whisk me away in his carriage, to the gorgeous tulips and expectant ladies of the Oaks. He was still handsome and brusque, and he explained to me in a most informal tone that the day had been all set. First we'd have lunch amongst the tulips at the Oaks, then travel to Hoboken after noon.

It was a magnificent day, one that I shall remember for a long, long time. At that time, Hoboken was pretty as a picture and full of tranquil beauty. It was a refreshing change from the hustle and bustle of city life. Secondly, the tulips were absolutely glorious: they are still the standard by which I judge all other flowers. Nothing can compare to the large white cup they make. They seemed as though they could fit at least a pint of ambrosia for the gods. I could see why Remington was so fond of them. He waltzed among them, his bright fleet, taking in our delight.

"And each one is unique?"

"Fifteen hundred types, and not a double in them."

Fifteem thousand varieties could not have impressed me more. Each flower was more magnificent than any robes of state, beautiful enough to pay a king's ransome. I was breathless at the sight of fifteen hundred tulip heads nodding in the breeze from the south.

Mr. Remington said with glee, "I'm satisfied to see you taken with my tulips, Mrs. Prince. I will send you as many bulbs as you'd like for your garden in Weston."

The garden was the first thing we saw on our arrival, and now Mr. Remington led us through large pines along a winding path to the great house. Although the land was less than half an acre, it seemed to be a large estate. The house gave the same impression of grandeur. It seemed to be a two hundred year old Gainsborough cottage, rather than a two-year-old upstart. However, Downing had already created miracles in my area. And a few years before, Remington had got the architecture bug. He had taken great pains to create -using transplanted trees, Virginia creeper, and Boursault roses, a statley and antiqued cottage, which looked as though it stood through the Revolutionary War.
