hector and andromache. portrait of a young man. prud'hon. the princess visconti. the countess regnault de saint-jean-d'angely. the arrival of a diligence. brutus condemning his sons to death. the burial of atala. madame lebrun and her daughter. francis i., king of france, and charles v., emperor of the holy roman empire. James g. blaine. mr. blaine in 1891. Mr. Blaine at his desk in the state department. facsimile of the letter written by Mr. Blaine to mr. homestead. Blaine's grave at Washington, d.c.. statue of William Henry Harrison. Anna symmetry Harrison, the silent witness. "move on, will yer!" "am--i--imprisoned because i am friendless and poor?" "oh, my god!" he sobbed. "my god! my god!" the sun's corona. eruptive prominence at 10.34 a.m. eruptive prominence at 10.40 a.m. eruptive prominence at 10.58 a.m. theological seminary buildings, andover, Massachusetts. professor Austin Phelps's study. view looking from the front of Elizabeth Stuart Phelps's home. dr. Edwards a. park. the physician receiving the princess in the marquis's sickroom. she stole up and saw monsieur de mérosailles sitting on the ground. Lincoln in 1863. Lincoln in 1854. Lincoln in February, 1860.

McClure's magazine

vol. vi. January, 1896. no. 2.

Abraham Lincoln.

edited by Ida m. Tarbell.

Lincoln as storekeeper and soldier in the black hawk war. 

This article embodies special studies of Lincoln's life in New Salem made for this Magazine by J. McCan Davis.

LINCOLN'S FIRST EXPERIENCES IN ILLINOIS.

It was in March, 1830, when Abraham Lincoln was twenty-one years of age, that he moved from Indiana to Macon County, Illinois. He spent his first spring in the new country helping his father settle. In the summer of that year he started out for himself, doing various kinds of rough farm work in the neighborhood until March of 1831, when he went to Sangamon town, near Springfield, to build a flatboat. In April he started on this flatboat for New Orleans, which he reached in May. After a month in that city, he returned, in June, to Illinois, where he made a short visit at his parents' home, now in Coles County, and in July went to New Salem, to take charge of a store and mill owned by Denton Offutt, who had employed him on the flatboat.[A] The goods for the new store had not arrived when Lincoln reached New Salem. Obliged to turn his hand to something, he piloted down the Sangamon and Illinois rivers, as far as Beardstown, a flatboat bearing the family and goods of a pioneer bound for Texas. At Beardstown he found Offutt's goods waiting to be taken to New Salem. As he footed his way home he met two men with a wagon and ox-team going for the goods. Offutt had expected Lincoln to wait at Beardstown until the ox-team arrived, and the teamsters, not having any credentials, asked Lincoln to give them an order for the goods. This, sitting down by the roadside, he wrote out; and one of the men used to relate that it contained a misspelled word, which he corrected.

IN CHARGE OF DENTON OFFUTT'S STORE.

The precise date of the opening of Denton Offutt's store is not known. We only know that on July 8, 1831, the County Commissioners' Court of Sangamon County granted Offutt a license to retail merchandise at New Salem; for which he paid five dollars, a fee which supposed him to have one thousand dollars' worth of goods in stock. When the oxen and their drivers returned with the goods, the store was opened in a little log house on the brink of the hill, almost over the river.

The copy of Kirkham's Grammar studied by Lincoln belonged to a man named Vaner. Some of the biographers say Lincoln borrowed [it,] but it appears that he became the owner of the book, either by purchase or through the generosity of Vaner, for it was never returned to the latter. It is said that Lincoln learned this grammar practically by heart. "Sometimes," says Herndon, "he would stretch out at full length on the counter, his head propped up on a stack of calico prints, studying it; or he would steal away to the shade of some inviting tree, and there spend hours at a time in a determined effort to fix in his mind the arbitrary rule that 'adverbs qualify verbs, adjectives and other adverbs.'" He presented the book to Ann Rutledge [the story of Ann Rutledge will appear in a future number of the Magazine], and it has since been one of the treasures of the Rutledge family. After the death of Ann it was studied by her brother, Robert, and is now owned by his widow, who resides at Casselton, North Dakota. The title page of the book appears above. The words, "Ann M. Rutledge is now learning grammar," were written by Lincoln.
