She looked at him casually one more time, seeing that he was begging, that he was holding out his hands in her direction but without the courage to touch her. "How can I prove myself to you?" he asked.

"Sir ... Mr. Dimitri ..." she started, "when you showed up to speak with me -- just two days ago! -- I don't think you could have possibly ... I mean surely you couldn't have already had these feelings ..." 

Sanin Dimitri spoke as soon as she paused in her remarks. "I had them, absolutely, though I wasn't very aware of them. I love you, have loved you from the first moment you appeared to me, even though I didn't know how important you were becoming to me. I'd heard, though, that you were engaged and serious about it. And further, I would never refuse your mother's wishes -- how could I say no? -- and have done what she asked in a way that you'll find most predictable."

There was the sound of a weighty foot stomping, and a relatively fat but respectable looking man (who appeared to be from some other country) came out from behind the rise, a backpack over one shoulder, to gawk, with a tourist's lack of concern for politeness, at Gemma and Sanin as they sat there on the bench in the garden. The man then coughed, and moved along on his way.

Sanin started talking again as soon as the sound of the intruder's feet retreated into silence. "I was told by your mother that it would be scandalous if you ended your betrothal to Mister Klueber." At this, Gemma grimaced a bit. Sanin continued: "And because I'd played my part in giving people something to talk about, I had to, because of your mother, because of my concerns for your reputation, advise you to marry your fiancée. Whatever I felt."

"Do me a favor, Mr. Dimitri, and don't refer to him, Klueber, as my fiancée. He and I will never be married, and he knows it."

"He knows it? You mean you've told him that? When exactly did you tell him?"

"About a day ago."

"In person?"

"Yes, he came to visit us. At the house."

"So ... Gemma ... does this mean you love me back?"

Gemma rotated in Sanin's direction, a reply on her lips.
