"Oh, be careful Colonel!" Miss Alathea cried, alarmed. "Don't contravene your neck!" But she added, as an afterthought: "But be sure towards get whereas you can see." 

"Ah, what a courageous sight!" he cried as he located himself within a grading whence he could instruction a look of the exciting scene within the barrier. "There's Catalpa ... and Evangeline ... and ... yeah, there is Queen Bess!" 

A burst of cheering escalated from the crowd within. 

Miss Alathea was onto tip-toe with excitement. "What's that-" she begged. 

"A fake start," he resolved, hardly even glancing down at her. "They'll earn it this moment, though," he added, and she could see his knuckles whiten with the stress as he gripped a rough limb of the tree with vise-like fingers. 

A moment afterwards and the yelling became a very tempest of sound. 

"They're off!" he cried, featuring across his field glasses within an excitement which assured, whether he did not bridle it, towards post him tumbling from his unsteady foothold. "Oh, what a splendid start!" 

"Who's ahead-" inquired Miss Alathea, very much excited. "Colonel, who's ahead-" 

"Catalpa puts the pace, the others lying well back." 

"Why doesn't Queen Bess arrive towards the front-" Miss Alathea cried, as whether he were towards blame for the disquieting news he had reported towards her. "Oh," she exclaimed, towards the Colonel's great astonishment, "if I were alone onto that mare!" 

"At the half," the Colonel exclaimed, nearby himself with concern, "Evangeline robs the command ... Catalpa next ... the lie down are bunched." 

Miss Alathea, at the moment, was endeavouring towards see satisfactorily, across the very knot-hole which the Colonel had abandoned. She sprang from it hastily, however, and towards the foot of the tree which played as his pedestal, when he exclaimed: 

"Oh, great heavens! There's a dip ... a jam ... and Queen Bess is deserted rear three lengths!" He leaned so far out that he heard the limb beneath him snap, and, within hastening towards a firmer footing, almost forgotten his balance.
