Althea's voice conveyed her concern as she said "Be careful!" to the Colonel, adding her hope that he would avoid injuring himself. Of course, she also wanted him to get to a place where he could see the view and describe it to her.

"It's amazing and inspirational" he said, once he'd found a spot from which to observe what was happening insider the barrier. "I can see Catalpa, Evangeline too, oh and there's Queen Bess herself!"

Then the crowd cheered.

Althea stood up on her toes, excited. "What's happening now?" she asked.

"Not much," the Colonel said, adding "The crowd thought something was about to happen, and then it didn't. But it's all going to happen soon." Althea could see his hands tightly gripping the tree branch, each knuckle on each finger whitening with the effort.

After a minute, the crowd's noise went from scattered shouts to a deafening roar.

"There they go!" The Colonel peered through his binoculars so intently it almost looked like he might fall. "That's a great beginning to the race!"

Althea called up "So who's out in front? Colonel? Who's in first place right now?"

The Colonel answered that Catalpa was out in front, with the others hanging back by several yards."

"Not Queen Bess?" Althea's tone suggested she blamed the Colonel for the news he was reporting. "I wish she'd get moving!"

"It's halfway through now," the Colonel continued to narrate the race, "and Evangeline just pulled ahead. Catalpa is next, everyone else is behind them in a group."

Althea tried looking through the hole in the fence the Colonel had peered through before he climbed the tree. When she heard him call, though, she stepped back, looking up the tree trunk in his direction again as he said:

"Uh-oh! Looks bad! Someone's fallen, and they're going down like dominoes. Queen Bess is still up but behind ... there's room for two more ahead of her." As he strained to see the action, he heard the tree branch crack under him. He moved quickly to a safer spot, almost falling down in the process.
