He suffered agonies from the stone; large doses of opium
kept him in a state of stupor, and alone gave him ease; but his strength failed, and he was
warned to prepare himself for his decease. He bore the announcement with great fortitude, and
took leave of his children in perfect resignation to his doom. He died on the 28th of March, 1745.

Horace Walpole--whatsoever doubts may rest on the fact of his being Lord Orford's son or not--writes
feelingly and naturally upon this event, and its forerunner, the agonies of disease. How much
more,' he adds, mournfully, 'he will ever recover, one scarce dare hope about; for us, he is
greatly recovered; for himself--' He then breaks off. Thought of him, it seems, even though
the 'Granvilles' were the only people tolerated at court. That famous clique comprised the
secretly adored of Horace (Lady Granville now), Lady Sophia Fermor.

'The Granville faction,' Horace wrote, before his father's death, 'are still the constant and
only countenanced people at court. Indeed, nothing could exceed the frivolity of the great,
except their impertinence. For want of better amusements, it had become the fashion to make
conundrums, and to have printed books full of them, which were produced at parties. But these
were peaceful diversions. Her famed loveliness was, it is true, at this time on the wane. Her
portrait delineating her in her bib and tucker, with her head rolled back underneath a sort
of half cap, half veil, shows how intellectual was the face to which such incense was paid
for years. Her forehead and eyebrows are beautiful: her eyes soft though lively in expression:
her features refined. She was as whimsical in her attire as in her character. When, however,
she chose to appear as the grande dame, no one could cope with her, Mrs. Delany describes her
at the Birth-day,--her dress of white satin, embroidered with vine leaves, convolvuluses, rose-buds,
shaded after nature; but she, says her friend, 'was so far beyond the master-piece of art that
one could hardly think of her clothes--allowing for her age I never saw so beautiful a creature.'

Meantime, Houghton was shut up: for its owner died £50,000 in debt, and the elder brother of
Horace, the second Lord Orford, proposed, on entering it again, after keeping it closed for
some time, to enter upon 'new, and then very unknown economy, for which there was great need:'
thus Horace refers to the changes.

It was in the South Sea scheme that Sir Robert Walpole had realized a large sum of money, by
selling out at the right moment.
