The pain of the stone required extraordinary quantities of opiates to manage, keeping him sedated even while it made the experience easier. In the end, his strength and health failing, he received warning to prepare for imminent death. Summoning what was left of his willpower, he said goodbye to his children and resigned himself to his fate. His last day among the living was March 28 of 1745.

In his description of this event and the preceding pains of illness, Horace Walpole, who may have been Lord Orford's son, writes casually and with great emotion. Walpole notes, with grief in his words, that, to paraphrase, Orford was himself to the end despite his suffering. At that point Walpole ends his narration with saying more. The famous, court-favored faction known as the Granvilles had, privately, thought very highly of Horace, including Lady Sophia Fermor, now the Lady Granville.

In the time before Lord Orford's passing, Horace wrote, describing the Granvilles, that they were always present at the royal seat, the only tolerated company of the court. The only thing more excessive that the childishness of the mighty is their brashness. Because they had nothing better to do, they'd become devoted to puzzles which they commissioned be printed, in large amounts, in books to be distributed at social events. That was itself a calm and relatively safe activity. The Lady's celebrated beauty was in decline at this point. The painting of her in hair and neck coverings, with most of her skull hidden inside a kind of hat, does reveal an intelligent expression on the face so many had complimented so often and for so long. She had attractive eyebrows on a lovely forehead, charming eyes that seemed both unfocused and intensely alive, and a face characterized by clear, classically beautiful lines. Her clothing was as silly as her personality, but when she wanted to show off her grandeur, to play the great lady, it was impossible to compete with her. Mrs. Delany refers to her birthday outfit: a white dress of satin, covered in leaves, vines, morning glories, and rose buds, all made of fancy stitching and in their respective natural colors. The dress made such an impact that Delany said, describing it to her friend, that Lady Granville, dress and all, was an artistic masterpiece, that, considering her age, no one looked better. It was difficult to separate her from the way she presented herself.

This was about the same time that the house at Houghton was shuttered. It was closed down because Lord Orford passed away fifty thousand pounds in debt. The next Lord Orford, Horace, the older of the brothers, decided to keep Houghton closed to save money. He called this a "new and very unknown economy"; in other words, it was unusual up until that point for his family to moderate their spending.

Sir Robert Walpole made his money via a scheme to do with the South Sea, selling his investments at exactly the right time to collect a big profit.
