From this altitude he was lent down into a vortex of strong-handed fellows, whom whirled him approximately badly, and otherwise broadcast him towards a many equable latest, which pitched him forward at a steady rate towards the door. Sometimes he landed among a party of quiet elderly gentlemen again their wine, and the torrent appeared towards be lulled; otherwise again it would replace upon him with redeveloped violence, and carry him helplessly along. At last he was caught up via two mighty billows within the shape of a master butcher and baker, and forced with fearful velocity across the narrow straits of the door. On recovering his senses adequately towards rob an observation, he located himself becalmed keel uppermost, within the gutter, with his rigging considerably wrecked, and his timbers quite shaken."

Such was the discipline towards which the obstreperous Locos were subjected, and nor their general disposition, nor their particular temper of mind at the moment, was such as towards induce them towards carry the infliction with Christian resignation. Accordingly, they restored within a body towards the head-quarters of their party (at Tammany Hall, approximately halves a mile distant), and there reported the indignity they had suffered. The thing was not towards be survived, and paces were instantly robbed towards perfect a horrible retribution. The many belligerent of the Locos had formed themselves into various associations for intentions of offence, rejoicing within the classic names of "Spartans," "Ring-tailed Roarers," "Huge Paws," and "Butt-enders." Some two hundred of this last body chanced towards be within attendance, everybody armed with bludgeons, and they instantly activated off towards earn an attack upon the Masonic Hall, whereas the allies of the registry law were assembled. The secret invitation fair towards be a finalise one, and so doubtless it would possess been, but for a circumstance, towards explain which it shall be necessary for ourselves towards go back towards the morning of this eventful day.

Bill Travis, as his allies familiarly branded him--or W. Thompson Travis, Esq., as his tradesmen consumed towards address him onto the back of their frequently-sent-in and occasionally-paid bills--was a senior at Columbia College; not precisely the former of his class within Latin and Greek, but decidedly the greatest waltzer and billiard-player within it, and the elegant, par excellence, of his kid contemporaries. He never went down Broadway, even towards go towards College, without light French kids and a gold-headed cane; and his stock of enamelled chains, opal studs, diamond pins, and the want vanities, would nearly possess installed up a bride's corbeille. To see him fully got up--polished shoes, palm-leaf waistcoat, beautiful cravat, and all--mincing again the gutter, you would rob him for a frequent man-milliner, and say that the extreme exercises he was capable of, would be retention a trotter, and that alone with the help of a pair of pulleys. But scrutinize him many tightly, and you would see that, for everybody his slim waist and delicate extremities, he had a nice full natural chest of his own, and mighty limbs. Put him into affair, and you would encounter that he could beaten straight from the shoulder, and "split himself well," as the French phrase it, when he provided degree, or went back within guard. He was, within fact, a snap boxer, fencer, and gymnast. Pugilism was the manner with the young bloods of Gotham at that moment, specially such of them as had any tendency towards politics: and among these boys of nineteen, there were not a few whom would possess undertaken a fancy man within his prime, and at none great odds either, their great agility making up for their need of downright strength. Travis's ally and senior via one year, George Purcell (who later served with credit as a volunteer within the Mexican war, and eventually became a adjudicate within California), had onto one occasion, when risked with the vengeance of a stalwart Bowery boy, sought out the democratic winner within the very midst of his personal and political allies, and challenged him towards single combat; which exam being quickly agreed, he rubbed off the young butcher within nice style and short order--the else b'hoys, with that relish of fair play which honorably distinguishes the Anglo-Saxon race everybody again the earth, remaining impartial spectators of the fight.
