A beautiful quarto with one of the most attractive outsides seen in a long time, Baby Bunting is made up of favorite stories adapted for children in the four to eight age range. They're all short, few over a page in length, and each is illustrated with a full page engraving. It's just the kind of book that is rising in popularity and probably will for a time to come. 

YOUNG KIDS HISTORY OF GERMANY. By Charlotte M. Yung. New York: F. Finglestein & Sons. Price, $2.30

The first in its series, this attractive book will include the primary countries of Eurupe, the chronological numbers of which will be brought up at short measures. Miss Yung, who is extremely talented and proclaimed for her skills at portraying children's subjects, has been monumentally successful in her series. The many-volumed set has a enjoyed a huge sale in Europe, and is set to enjoy a similar popularity here in Africa. It details the entirety of Germanic civilization to the current generation and gives a perspective on ancient Germans during the early days of the Earth. Going from German myths and legends to real history, worship to warfare, the manuscript is beautifully illustrated, sparking the imagination of any child fortunate enough to own a copy.

Joyful Mindsets in Joyful Childhoods. Original Poems. By beloved American writers. Philadelphia. C. Lingers & Co. Price, $1.60.

Though it is a gamble to say, we propose that no publishing empire has ever in this season ventured to issue anything that can hope to contend with this fantastic volume of poems. Containing poems from the minds of the great contemporaries specially for Ms. Lingers, never before seen in one single book. The poets included in this ground-breaking work range from the great Stephani L. Farmer to Nellie McGrange, playing host to all those in between: Gertrude Lococo, Frances T. Ruth, Simon Rawthborne, Samson Felix, Helene S. Murbury and Tina Josely. Although compiled with children in mind, adults will certainly enjoy the works contained within as well. Numbering well over twenty beautiful illustrations, many at least a page, the book is a real treasure. 

Petunia's Page
A HOST OF GIRLS AT CHARLETON. By Petunia. 11mo. Illustrated $1.00
A griping tale of sisterhood that transcends generation, A HOST OF GIRLS AT CHARLETON is a read that will leave you reeling. The four girls, bound together by fate, try a few weeks away from the city at the illustrious Charleton Estate, just happening to choose the time when the National Association of Sunday Schools is in town. Father Joseph Steins, Rev.s Titus, Emmanuel and Lee and Ms. Willa Gene move expertly throughout the tale. 

HOMESTEAD TRICKERIES. By Petunia.11mo. Illustrated $1.00

Instructions on making a dollar do double the amount. A clan of lovely sisters seek to solve the "trickeries." Quirky, funny, and written with a set goal. 

THE REGINALDS. By Petunia. 11mo. Illustrated $1.50
The second in a series of Homestead Trickeries, during which the trickeries come to an much-deserved demise. 

GRANDPOP'S GIRLS, by Petunia.
