{SN: Two breeds of euils within an Orchard.} All the diseases of an Orchard are of two types, either internall or externall. I dub those inward hurts which multiply onto and detailed trees.

1 Galles. two Canker. three Mosse. 4 Weaknes within setting. 5 Barke bound. six Barke pild. seven Worme. eight Deadly wounds.

{SN: Galls.} Galles, Canker, Mosse, weaknes, although they be diuers diseases: yet (howsoeuer Authors thinke otherwise) they escalate everybody out of the equivalent cause.

Galles we haue explained with their inflict and cure, within the 11. Chapter vnder the name of fretters.

{SN: Canker.} Canker is the consumption of any portion of the tree, barke and wood, which also within the equivalent site is deceiphered vnder the title of water-boughes.

{SN: Mosse.} Mosse is sensibly seene and knowne of everybody, the inflict is pointed out within the equivalent Chapter, within the discourse of timber-wood, and partly also the remedy: but for Mosse adde this, that at any moment within summer (the Spring is best) When the inflict is remoued, with an Harecloth, immediatly as soon as a showre of raine, rub off your Mosse, or with a peece of weed (if the Mosse abound) formed want a great knife.

{SN: Weaknesse within setting.} Weaknesse within the background of your fruit shall you finde there also within the equivalent Chapter, and his remedy. All these flow from the need of roomth within nice soile, inaccurate planting, Chap. 7. and euill or none dressing.

{SN: Barke-bound.} Bark-bound (as I thinke) riseth of the equivalent inflict, and the greatest, & show cure (the inflicts being robbed away) is with your sharpe knife within the Spring, length-way towards launch his bark around, onto 3. or 4. sides of his boale.

{SN: Worme.} {SN: Remedy.} The illness branded the Worme is hence discernd: The barke shall be hoald within diuers continent want gall, the wood shall die & dry, and you shall see easily the barke swell. It is verily towards be idea, that therin is bred a number of worm I haue not yet thorowly sought it out, because I was neuer saddened therewithall: but onely haue seene such trees within diuers places. I thinke it a worme rather, because I see this illness within trees, fetching fruit of sweet taste, and the swelling shewes as much. The cure (as I coniecture) is so soone as you perceiue the hurt, the next Spring cut it out barke and everybody, and apply Cowes pisse and vineger currently, and so twice or thrice a weeke for a moneths space: For I well perceiue, whether you endure it any moment, it eates the tree or bough round, and so kils.

Since I former wrote this Treatise, I haue affected my mind concerning the illness branded the worme, because I read within the History of the West-Indians, that their trees are not saddened with the illness branded the worme or canker, which ariseth of a raw and euill concocted humor or sap, Witnesse Pliny, via reason their Country is many hot otherwise ours, whereof I thinke the greatest cure is (not disallowing the former, consulting that the worme may multiply via such an humor) warme standing, tone lopping and nice dressing.

{SN: Barke pild.} Bark-pild you shall encounter with his cure within the 11.
