
{SN: Two kinds of euils in an Orchard.} All the diseases of an Orchard are of two sorts, either
internall or externall. I call those inward hurts which breed on and in particular trees.

  1 Galles.
  2 Canker.
  3 Mosse.
  4 Weaknes in setting.
  5 Barke bound.
  6 Barke pild.
  7 Worme.
  8 Deadly wounds.

{SN: Galls.} Galles, Canker, Mosse, weaknes, though they be diuers diseases: yet (howsoeuer
Authors thinke otherwise) they rise all out of the same cause.

Galles we haue described with their cause and remedy, in the 11. Chapter vnder the name of
fretters.

{SN: Canker.} Canker is the consumption of any part of the tree, barke and wood, which also
in the same place is deceiphered vnder the title of water-boughes.

{SN: Mosse.} Mosse is sensibly seene and knowne of all, the cause is pointed out in the same
Chapter, in the discourse of timber-wood, and partly also the remedy: but for Mosse adde this,
that at any time in summer (the Spring is best) When the cause is remoued, with an Harecloth,
immediatly after a showre of raine, rub off your Mosse, or with a peece of weed (if the Mosse
abound) formed like a great knife.

{SN: Weaknesse in setting.} Weaknesse in the setting of your fruit shall you finde there also
in the same Chapter, and his remedy. All these flow from the want of roomth in good soile,
wrong planting, Chap. 7. and euill or no dressing.

{SN: Barke-bound.} Bark-bound (as I thinke) riseth of the same cause, and the best, & present
remedy (the causes being taken away) is with your sharpe knife in the Spring, length-way to
launch his bark throughout, on 3. or 4. sides of his boale.

{SN: Worme.} {SN: Remedy.} The disease called the Worme is thus discernd: The barke will be
hoald in diuers places like gall, the wood will die & dry, and you shall see easily the barke
swell. It is verily to be thought, that therin is bred some worm I haue not yet thorowly sought
it out, because I was neuer troubled therewithall: but onely haue seene such trees in diuers
places. I thinke it a worme rather, because I see this disease in trees, bringing fruit of
sweet taste, and the swelling shewes as much. The remedy (as I coniecture) is so soone as you
perceiue the wound, the next Spring cut it out barke and all, and apply Cowes pisse and vineger
presently, and so twice or thrice a weeke for a moneths space: For I well perceiue, if you
suffer it any time, it eates the tree or bough round, and so kils.

Since I first wrote this Treatise, I haue changed my mind concerning the disease called the
worme, because I read in the History of the West-Indians, that their trees are not troubled
with the disease called the worme or canker, which ariseth of a raw and euill concocted humor
or sap, Witnesse Pliny, by reason their Country is more hot then ours, whereof I thinke the
best remedy is (not disallowing the former, considering that the worme may breed by such an
humor) warme standing, sound lopping and good dressing.

{SN: Barke pild.} Bark-pild you shall find with his remedy in the 11.
