I have to keep in mind that hearing happens in the brain and not just in the ears -- sure, the mechanical aspect requires the little hairs in the inner ear to vibrate (or however that works) but the real magic happens in that part of the brain and nervous system that is the mind, where the sound waves are interpreted. When it comes to studying the scale, I know I have not only the sounds but the notes on the sheet and also the interpretation of both sets of notes in my mind, all working together to get the job done. This knowledge reinforces a key lesson about the science of learning: mastery grows out of constant renewal of concentration on the simplest elements of whatever it is we study.

I know that there is a prime scale, i.e. the major scale, whose easy nature I embrace, whose range or series of notes I could tinker with for a lifetime without finding all of the possibilities. 

In light of these reflections, I've come up with four maxims which define the basis for developing deeper understanding of music both in theory and in practice.

One - get used to hearing the notes in your own mind

Two - recognize the notes on the page

Three - hear *all* the notes in the world

Four - keep studying the scale as though it was still new to you

I know that if I'm diligent and attentive to these, I get better. I also avoid using the keyboard of the instrument itself as a crutch. The knowledge doesn't exist, therefore, solely in the keyboard or my fingers, nor solely in the sound waves in the air or the page of notation. It's inside me.

The combination of these things, like any other combination, is more powerful than any single thing could be. I hear the most elemental music, the singing of my soul, and grow stronger both in my thinking and in my music. And I can experience this every day, and enrich that experience with other rich experiences. When I encounter something great, like a magnificent combination of words or brush strokes or a mighty edifice, I know I am encountering the minds of their creators. If they were great, then I'm encountering greatness -- to paraphrase Carlyle -- and I gain from every such encounter.

~~

Let's leave the teachings in the zen of thought music for another chapter. Right now, I want to talk about the way that what we perceive with our senses influences us.

I used to write short tunes. When asked about my methods, I answered that I built them out of ordinary thoughts, the kind most people just let fly by unnoticed. As I said before, we can pay attention to our minds and then create proper external representations of what goes on there -- and that's what I was doing, and what you can do. All writing is the expression of words that have passed through our minds. Mighty buildings are thoughts expressed in concrete, wood, stone, or other materials, and that's also true of any artistic expressions, as they're also granted shape and color with materials. The same can be said for organized homes or shaped landscapes. So, briefly, we learn to be great thinkers from exposure to the great thoughts of others which exist  as creations in our world. We see their thoughts in everything they make, even their facial expressions.
