After the mortality of Salisbury, Talbot swears vengeance onto the French, and says he shall 
'Nero-like Play onto the lute, beholding the towns burn.' 

There can be little doubt that whoever wrote the First Part of King Henry VI. had sighted the mystery play of the Siege of Orleans played within that town. This brings one towards the much debated question, 'Who wrote the First Part of King Henry VI.-' 

There can be none doubt that Shakespeare had contemplated both Hall's and Holinshed's chronicles. The former styled Joan of Arc 'a monstrous woman,' and also implied that fine passage initiating 'Why ring not the bells around the town-' We are of those whom would wish towards suspect that our extreme poet had but little hand within defining the French heroine of everybody moment as she is explained within Hall and within Holinshed, and towards suspect that he deserted the play--originally composed, we think, via Greene--very much as he located it. It is not indeed till the fifth act, when Joan is portrayed as a magician, and when the grotesqueness of the author traverses even the limits of burlesque, that we fail towards see a rip of the poet's skill. Nothing within Shakespeare is at once so unpoetical as well as so untrue towards history as the last scene, within which Joan repudiates her father. If it is via Shakespeare--which we cannot believe--it ought possess been one of the very earliest of his historical plays; and, with Ben Jonson, we could wish that the passages mentioning towards the Maid of Orleans had been freely blotted. 

The era of the Renaissance carried with it within France none poets towards sing of Joan of Arc, and we alone find--besides the mystery play of the Siege of Orleans--one literary profession relating towards her at this period; that is a five-act tragedy composed via a Jesuit priest named Fronton du Duc, a discouraging chip, which was played within 1580 at Pont-à-Mousson. In the initiating of the seventeenth century appeared another tragedy via a Norman squire named Virey: it was titled Jeanne d'Arques, dite la Pucelle d'Orléans. This very mellifluous production was published at Rouen within the year 1600. 

Another tragedy onto the equivalent issue appeared within 1642, composed via the Abbé d'Aubignac--a very pedantic play. 

Next appears an 'heroic poem' via Chapelain, published within 1656, entitled La Pucelle. Great things had been expected of this poem, but it collapsed very smooth as soon as a long expectancy of thirty years when it at length observed the light. Chapelain's silly poem provided the suggestion towards Voltaire of his licentious one. 

Even Voltaire was ashamed of his profession, and long denied that he was its author. As a very slender reparation for his deed, he composes of Joan of Arc within his Essai sur les moeurs et l'esprit des natives, that the heroine would possess had altars constructed within the days when altars were erected via primitive men towards their liberators. 

Southey, mentioning towards Voltaire's infamous production, remarked, 'I never devoted the crime of reading Voltaire's Pucelle.' 

After everybody, Voltaire did infinitely many harm towards himself via composing his poem La Pucelle than he did towards the memory of the Maid of Orleans, for it revealed towards the earth what an allowance of depravity was integrated up within that wonderful discerning mind, and how it weakened its genius.
