A rather popular contemporary British author, suggests that literary works are inexpensive as a result of the law of compensation. An artist has to direct some amount of capital into raw materials such paints, canvas, marble, and helpers. A professional in other trades may have to purchase an office or a factory. Yet the author only needs some paper, pens, and ink to get started in the business.

Although this comparison has some truth to it, it does not apply very well to historical discourse. Generally today, the most profitable historical books have required an investment that the historian of modest means would have trouble financing. Production of such work requires a lot of travel and the often expensive acquisition of old manuscripts, records, correspondence, and so forth. The historical author then spends long periods of time, sometimes years, studying and observing and interviewing sources without any guarantee for success of the project.

When a less successful author presents the same skills and puts the same amount of effort on a well-written piece, the author might also become famous and reap financial rewards if only he had the money to spend on the rare bits of historical information necessary to bring together a new and interesting historical story. Because of this, history has become a field for those who already have money--perhaps inherited--as well as education and plenty of time, but not necessarily the greatest history-writing skills. As such, it is interesting to note how the lives of famed poets and historians differ. Cowper's small Olney home was nothing compared to the great Lausanne library owned by Gibbon. Macaulay, Grote, and Hallam enjoyed social stature while Wordsworth lived alone. Jerrold had difficulty surviving while Shelley held a fortune. While the historians seem to be rewarded handsomely and held in higher regard than the poet, this may be a consequence of their privileged social position prior to embarking on the costly career.
