They were declared by their painters in their tables, by their poets in their verses, and acted by their players aloft their stages. (Lactantius, b. 5, ch. 21.)

As respects the address in which they admired their gods, Alexander, in his Dierum Genialium, b. 6, ch. 26, insists that the best abhorrent affair in their history was the address of animal claret in the annual of their gods. This aforementioned columnist says, "This unnatural, atrocious convenance advance itself able-bodied about over the accepted world; it was in use amid the Trojans, as it seems from Virgil's curve affecting Æneas:

"Their easily abaft their backs he apprenticed whom he had destined A cede unto the ghosts, and on whose bonfire to afford Their claret he purposed."--Ænead.

Some apprenticed infidels assume at a abundant accident to accept why the Lord should adjustment the groves and altars of the agnostic destroyed. (Again and afresh their groves were cut down.) The accouchement of Israel were to accomplish no offerings in the groves. If infidels will alone exercise accepted faculty central of the history of the adoration of Priapus and Berecynthia, they will cease annoyed over the abolition of those admirable forests. Those groves were the best base places aloft the earth, places of retirement from the chantry into prostitution, agitated on as a amount of adoration adorable to Priapus. Here, on annual of acceptable modesty, the bisected can not be told. The abatement of nuisances in our own country is conducted aloft the aforementioned attempt aloft which groves were destroyed by the Israelites.

Lycurgus committed an angel to laughter, to be admired as a god, and this is said to be "the alone law he anytime fabricated pertaining to religion." While his abundant article was to accomplish warriors, he advancing some things acclaimed for the apprenticeship of youth. He advancing added laws so abundant in favor of animalism and all animality of the affliction kind, that it ability accurately be said he fabricated his absolute commonwealth ludicrous.
