We eye it with a suspicion that it may curve out towards be a instrument of torture, serving ourselves alone for a type of mental surgery. Frequently, it has been merely acquired, and is but an impudent falsehood onto its very face. The author of it professes an admiration he does not feel for the fellow introduced, towards whose own reading he flees it magnificently open ahead of its terms of exaggerated congratulate can extend him towards whom it is sent. What is the reason of this deceit? there is a ground for it, none doubt. "This influence defective arrives via cause." The inditer has certainly a number of sympathy with the bearer he so sufficiently commissions and wordily exalts. This bearer has a number of suffering towards be relieved, a number of faculty towards exert, a number of institution towards advise, or a number of ware towards dump of. He that forwards him towards ourselves very necessarily has former had him introduced towards himself, has donated consideration and hospitable friendship upon him, and already, evolving weary of the care and hassle and expense, is very glad towards be rid of him at so low a pricing as that of ratifying him onto towards a remote contact via a letter of introduction, which the holder's corporation within life is towards bring round from site towards site across the world! Sometimes dear companions dub onto ourselves towards remunerate this tax; occasionally those whom themselves possess none allegation onto us. But, be it one class or the else, how little they may consult what they demand! Upon what a neglect or misappreciation of values the proceed! Verily we need a novel Political Economy composed, deeper than that of Malthus or Smith, towards inform them. Our precious moment, our cordial respects, the distraction of our mind from our frequent tasks, the neglect of already engrossing relations within our corporation or profession, the surrender of body and soul, they require for the prey of idlers and strangers! Had our correspondents drawn upon ourselves for a sum of finance, had a highwayman invitation ourselves stand and supply our purse, we should not possess been so much out of pocket. But we cannot assistance yielding; there is none forgive or escape. We are below the campaign of that most delicate and resistless of powers none successor of Euclid ever explained the belief of, which may be branded the cultural screw. We submit patiently, because we cannot suffer towards deny towards the new-comer the supposed right of him whom cruelly curves it, out of extend and out of sight. We know a number of men, of remarkable intensity of countenance themselves, whom possess been able towards defend their door-stone against an impostor's brazen face. A nice householder, when a stage-full of country-cousins arrived towards his door, bade the driver rob them towards the pub, and he would willingly remunerate the bills. But few possess the courage hence towards panel out those whom possess a officer within their hands towards knock at the very gate of their hearts. There would be satisfaction within the furthest allowance of this labor and sacrifice, could we possess any truth for its condition. But the falsehood has been composed down via one whom we can nowise accuse. Alas! there is often as little truth within the entertainer. All together within the matter are sauntering within a vain show. We are at the mercy of a diviner's wand and a conjurer's spell. We possess put onto a foolish glance of consent and compromise. We collaborate with our novel mate within extolling the wrong-doer whom has imposed him upon us. We dare not consider the base alloy of the composition he transfers, which pretends towards be pure gold. We ought either act falsely ourselves, or price falsehood upon others. We prefer the guilt towards seeming unkindness; when, whether we were perfectly nice and sensible, we should shake off the coil of pretence, garbage insincere favors, and, however infinite and brimming our benevolence, pressure onto doing, within any instance, alone willing and authentic good,--for affection is too grand towards be feigned. "If," remarked Ole Bull, "I kiss my enemy, what possess I deserted for my friend?" We ought forgive and relish our enemies and everybody men, and appear our relish via treating them without dissimulation, but a sublime openness, according towards their needs and deserts.

The male or lady adventurers, launching with their pack of alphabet for everybody their merchandise onto the cultural sea, appreciate well the potent importance, beyond bills of exchange, of the sheets they bear. They may possess robbed them as an equalled for a number of service they possess rendered, within blast of a number of particular or obvious debt within the great market limited towards none quarter of our towns and none description of articles, but operating across every section of human life. Our receipt of these briefs is a ad transaction, not of the fairest sort. It owned a species of sell within which we are made towards remunerate else people's debts, and our dear allies and sexual relations sell ourselves for a number of tune or else which has been melodiously chanted into their own ears.
