Vide Rime degli Arcadi, Venice, MDCCLXXIX.

* * * * *

LAWS RELATING TO BACHELORS.

Your Correspondent absolutely should be in mistake upon these points, as the added obligation to which bachelors in England are liable under the present Tax Acts, for a male Servant, is only 1l. (the common obligation leviable for such domestic being 1l. 4 s.); and there is not, that I am cognizant of, any regulation in reality in England levying any individual in esteem of feminine servants.

R.J.

Alton, Hants.

* * * * *

THE NATURALIST.

DEER OF NORTH-AMERICA, AND THE MODE OF HUNTING THEM.

(From Featherstonehaugh's Journal.)

Deer are more abundant than at the first town of the country. They boost to a certain span with the population. The cause of this seems to be, that they find defence in the district of man from the beasts of prey that attack them in the wilds, and from whose attacks their juvenile especially can with adversity escape. They bear most from the wolves, who search in loads like hounds, and who seldom stop the follow until a deer is taken. We have often sat, on a moonlight summer evening, at the doorway of a log-cabin in one of our prairies, and learned the wolves in full follow of a deer, screaming very almost in the identical kind as a load of hounds. Sometimes the bawl would be learned at a large expanse over the plain: then it would pass away away, and afresh be differentiated at a nearer issue, and in another direction;--now the full bawl would blew upon us from a neighbouring thicket, and we would nearly discover the sobs of the tired deer;--and afresh it would be conveyed away, and lost in the distance. We have passed almost entire nights in hearing to such sounds; and one time we glimpsed a deer dash through the backyard, and directly past the doorway at which we sat, pursued by his audacious pursuers, who were but a couple of backyards in his rear.--Immense figures of deer are slain every year by our hunters, who take them for their hams and coverings solely, throwing away remainder of the carcass. Venison hams and conceals are significant items of export; the previous are bought from the hunters at 25 cents a two, the last cited at 20 cents a pound. In our villages we buy for our benches the saddle of venison, with the hams adhered, for 37-1/2 cents, which would be certain thing like one cent a pound.--There are some modes of searching deer, all of which are identically simple. Most often the hunter advances to the woods on horseback, in the day-time, choosing especially certain hours, which are considered to be most favourable. It is said, that, throughout the time of the year when the pastures are green, this animal increases from his lair accurately at the increasing of the moon, if in the day or night; and I presume the detail to be so, because such is the testimony of skilled hunters.
