
"A great many people had been traveling the same way he had.  Though they seemed to be having
a good time, he had soon seen that most of it was make-believe, and that much of their energy
was spent in trying to find something to play with, that they might forget what kind of journey
they were on.  He did not like these people very specially.  He did not know any others, however,
and he had kept up with them because they had started out together; but, little by little,
he had slipped away from them, and after a while he found that he was walking most of the time
by himself.  At first he did not mind.  The things his friends cared for and talked about did
not greatly interest him, and then it was he began to remember that a good many things he had
been passing were ugly and cruel, and bitter and unjust.  He could not understand why some
should travel in luxurious ease while others could hardly get along, their burdens were so
great; why some rode in carriages, and others, sick and hungry and tired and cold, could never
stop lest they die upon the road; and why some sang and others wept.

"In groups and pairs, and sometimes one by one, they passed him, and as they went by he would
look into their faces to see why they were traveling; but, like him, they did not know, they
only knew they must keep on.  And then one day he saw he had come back to where his journey
had begun.  He had been on the road to Nowhere--the road that wound round and round."

"Just like travelers in the desert."  Dorothea's eyes made effort to open, but sleepily they
closed again.  "Why didn't he ask somebody the way?"

"He didn't think any one knew.  He was much wiser than most of the people who passed him. 
To many who seemed to be in need he had given money; he was very generous, very kind, and he
gave freely; but he always turned his head away when he gave.  He did not like to see suffering
and sorrow; and with sin of certain sorts he had no sympathy, and so he would not look.  But
after a while he had to look.

"He was standing at the place from which he had started, and, to his surprise, he saw what
he had never seen before.  Out from its center led all sorts of roads that stretched beyond
sight, and on each of them people were traveling, all kinds of people, and he knew he could
no longer stand still.  He must take one of these roads, but which one he did not know.  As
he stood uncertain what to do, he felt some one touch him; and, looking down, he saw a child;
and into his strong hand the child slipped his little one.

"'I have been waiting for you,' he said.  'I have been waiting a long, long time.'

"'For me?'  The man drew back.  'You can't have been waiting for me. I do not know you, child!'

"He heard a little sigh, as soft as the stir of wings, and again the boy smiled.

"'But I know you.  There is much for you to do.'

"Again the man held back.  'There is nothing for me to do.  I pay my taxes and give my tithes,
and let the world alone.'

"'You cannot let the world alone.  It is your world.'  The boy looked up.  'Come, they are
waiting.'

"'Who is waiting?'

"'Your people.'

"'I have no people.  There is no one waiting for me.'

"The child shook his head.  'You do not know your people, and they are waiting.  We must hurry,
the time is short.  We will go on this road first, and then on that, and then on that and that
and that.  On each one they are waiting.'

"All through the night they traveled, uphill and down, and in and out of narrow paths and hidden
places, and everywhere he saw them, the people he had never known.  Into the darkness of pits
and mines, into the fires of foundries and furnaces, into the factories where wheels turned
night and day, and into the holds of the ships of the sea, the child led him to show him the
people who were his.  In cellars and garrets, in jails and prisons, in shops and stores, in
hunger and cold, in the silence of sickness, the noise of sin, they were waiting for his coming;
and in their faces was that which made him cover his, and he begged the child to take him where
breath could come again.

"But the child held his hand still tighter.  'You have traveled long and you have not known,'
he said.  'You helped to make things as they are, and now you must see.'

"'I helped to make things as they are?  I have not even dreamed such things could be!'

"'I know.  And that is why I came.  They are your people; and you did not know.'

"And then the child took him on another road, one that was smooth and soft, and the air that
blew over it was warm and fragrant.  On it the women wore jewels and laces and gorgeous gowns;
and men threw gold away to see it shine in the sunlight, threw it that others might see them throw.

"'Why do we come here?' the man asked.
