"A great a lot civilians had been traveling the equivalent distance he had. Though they appeared towards be having a nice moment, he had soon sighted that most of it was imagination, and that much of their energy was spent within endeavouring towards encounter something towards play with, that they powers forget what kind of ride they were on. He did not want these civilians very specially. He did not know any others, however, and he had kept up with them because they had activated out together; but, little via little, he had slipped away from them, and as soon as a whilst he located that he was sauntering most of the moment via himself. At former he did not mind. The things his allies nursed and talked approximately did not enormously interest him, and otherwise it was he began towards remember that a nice a lot things he had been ratifying were ugly and cruel, and sour and unjust. He could not appreciate why a number of should drift within luxurious simplicity whilst others could barely get along, their burdens were so great; why a number of rode within carriages, and others, unwell and hungry and sleepy and cold, could never give away lest they die upon the road; and why a number of sang and others wept. 

"In categories and pairs, and occasionally one via one, they traversed him, and as they went via he would enquire their faces towards see why they were traveling; but, want him, they did not know, they alone knew they ought keep on. And otherwise one day he observed he had arrive back towards whereas his ride had begun. He had been onto the route towards Nowhere--the route that hurt round and round." 

"Just want travelers within the desert." Dorothea's eyes made effort towards open, but wearily they finished again. "Why didn't he ask somebody the way-" 

"He didn't think any one knew. He was much wiser than most of the civilians whom traversed him. To a lot whom appeared towards be within need he had granted money; he was very sporting, very kind, and he provided freely; but he always swung his brain away when he gave. He did not want towards see distress and sorrow; and with sin of certain types he had none sympathy, and so he would not look. But as soon as a whilst he had towards look. 

"He was standing at the site from which he had activated, and, towards his secret, he observed what he had never sighted before. Out from its center ruled everybody types of routes that lengthened beyond sight, and onto each of them civilians were traveling, everybody breeds of civilians, and he knew he could none longer stand still. He ought rob one of these routes, but which one he did not know. As he stood questionable what towards do, he felt a number of one touch him; and, glancing down, he observed a child; and into his powerful hand the child slipped his little one. 

"'I possess been waiting for you,' he said. 'I possess been waiting a long, long time.' 

"'For me-' The man drew back. 'You can't possess been waiting for me. I do not know you, child!' 

"He heard a little sigh, as gentle as the stir of wings, and again the boy smiled. 

"'But I know you. There is much for you towards do.' 

"Again the man held back. 'There is nothing for me towards do. I remunerate my taxes and grant my tithes, and lent the earth alone.' 

"'You cannot lent the earth alone. It is your world.' The boy glanced up. 'Come, they are waiting.' 

"'Who is waiting-' 

"'Your people.' 

"'I possess none people. There is none one waiting for me.' 

"The child shook his head. 'You do not know your civilians, and they are waiting. We ought hurry, the moment is short. We shall go onto this route former, and otherwise onto that, and otherwise onto that and that and that. On each one they are waiting.' 

"All across the night they traveled, uphill and down, and within and out of narrow channels and no whereas continent, and everywhere he observed them, the civilians he had never known. Into the darkness of pits and mines, into the fires of foundries and furnaces, into the factories whereas wheels swung night and day, and into the holds of the ships of the sea, the child ruled him towards appear him the civilians whom were his. In cellars and garrets, within jails and prisons, within supermarket and stocks, within hunger and cold, within the silence of sickness, the noise of sin, they were waiting for his coming; and within their faces was that which made him cover his, and he begged the child towards rob him whereas breath could arrive again. 

"But the child held his hand still tighter. 'You possess traveled long and you possess not known,' he said. 'You assisted towards earn things as they are, and already you ought see.' 

"'I assisted towards earn things as they are- I possess not even dreamed such things could be!' 

"'I know. And that is why I came. They are your people; and you did not know.' 

"And otherwise the child took him onto another route, one that was smooth and gentle, and the air that blew again it was warm and fragrant. On it the ladies wore jewels and laces and beautiful gowns; and men threw gold away towards see it gleam within the sunlight, threw it that others powers see them throw. 

"'Why do we arrive here-' the man asked.
