So Crito asked, "Which one is to blame, then, in that situation: the husband or the wife?"

Socrates then said "Well, if something goes wrong with sheep, we'd say it is the shepherd's fault, and if something goes wrong with a horse then most of the time we'll blame the rider. When it comes to women, and we presuppose that a wife has been told what to do by her husband but still takes pleasure in going against his wishes and general moral principles, then she might be the one at fault. But if the husband has never said anything about what he expects, has never tried to define 'fair and noble' behavior in the context of their relationship, and then blames his wife for being ignorant of things he's never even tried to teach her, then he is the one at fault. So, Critobulus, we're all friends here -- tell us what you think. Is there someone you commonly trust important things to more than you trust your wife?"

Crito answered "no, there's no one like that in my life."

Socrates then asked "And you don't really talk to your wife very much, as a rule, isn't that right?"

Crito said "I have to confess that is true."

Socrates continued, querying "You married your wife when she was pretty young, isn't that so? When she didn't really have a lot of experience with the world, hadn't seen or heard much of it on her own?"

Crito replied "Absolutely true."

Socrates spoke, saying "So, in light of these admissions of yours, wouldn't it be amazing if your wife actually knew everything about how to talk and behave? Isn't it more likely she'd make some sort of mistake?"

Crito answered with a question of his own. "Socrates, let me ask you this: do the husbands who are happy, the ones you've told us about that have excellent wives, educate their wives themselves?"

Socrates replied "I do like a good discussion. We can explore this question, if you like. You should meet Aspasia, a woman who can tell you about the way these things work much better than I can and more scientifically. My personal opinion is that a good wife has to be her husband's partner, co-owner of his possessions and land, acting to balance him and preserve both of their reputations. If it happens that their wealth and success relies on his business and dealings, that's one thing, but note that their continued preservation of anything they gain depends on her frugality and sense, without which their wealth might come in one door and simply leave by another. Without both of their efforts, they'll be poor. There's a little more to it, of course, and I can point you in the direction of the best examples of successful marriages covering each kind of issue, if you want more examples."

IV 

Crito continued his inquiries, asking of Socrates "Why do you need so many examples? Isn't it harder to find successful and accomplished people in every walk of life? And it's impossible to learn every art and science yourself, isn't it? Should you focus on the more important and commonly recognized branches of the tree of human knowledge? I'd prefer you do that, and I think what you have to say about a smaller set of the best and brightest would help me a lot more than a wider inquiry. You can help me most by being more focused, using just a few examples, and I promise I will pay attention to what you have to say.

Socrates answered "I like your suggestion, Critobulus. Commonly recognized branches of knowledge, like mechanical arts, don't have the reputation they deserve. That sort of thing is looked down upon in so called civilized discussions. There are some reasons for it, of course: work is hard on the body and we've all seen its effects. Laborers and those who command them both suffer, whether they're stooping all day over a weaving machine, or a hot furnace, or sitting in chairs doing paperwork. That suffering takes its toll on the soul, makes it weaker. It also takes up all of their time, leaving them almost none to share with friends or to use for community service. How can anyone in that position avoid ending up being a bad friend? How could they defend their homelands, when that's needed, if they haven't got enough time to prepare? It's for this reason that the Spartans and other warlike states ban their citizens from being involved in those careers.

Crito then asked "Well, if we can't and shouldn't be involved in that kind of work, what sort of work can we do?"

Socrates replied "We shouldn't be ashamed to take the King of Persia's advice. He said that two things are important: husbandry and war."
