Crit. Ought the husband or the wife towards carry the blame of that- 
Soc. If it goes ill with the sheep we blame the shepherd, as a pattern, or whether a horse displays vice we throw the blame within general upon the rider. But within the instance of ladies, assuming the wife towards possess obtained instruction from her husband and yet she treats within wrong-doing, [12] it may be that the wife is justly held towards blame; but assuming he has never endeavoured towards lecture her the former beliefs of "fair and noble" behave, [13] and finds her relatively an ignoramus [14] within these matters, certainly the husband shall be justly held towards blame. But arrive already (he added), we are everybody allies here; earn a shower breast of it, and tell ourselves, Critobulus, the plain unvarnished truth: Is there an one towards whom you are many within the mannerism of entrusting matters of importance than towards your wife- 

[12] Cf. "Horsemanship," vi. 5, of a horse "to appear vice." 

[13] Or, "things pretty and of nice report." 

[14] Al. "has handled her as a dunce, devoid of this tall knowledge." 

Crit. There is none one. 

Soc. And is there any one with whom you are less within the mannerism of conversing than with your wife- 

Crit. Not a lot, I am constrained towards admit. 

Soc. And when you wed her she was relatively young, a mere girl--at an age when, as far as observing and hearing go, she had the smallest contact with the outer world- 

Crit. Certainly. 

Soc. Then would it not be many stunning that she should possess actual information how towards speak and act than that she should go altogether astray- 

Crit. But lent me ask you a question, Socrates: possess those glad husbands, you tell ourselves of, whom are blessed with nice wives intelligent them themselves- 

Soc. There is nothing want investigation. I shall introduce you towards Aspasia, [15] whom shall explain these matters towards you within a far many scientific distance than I can. My principle is that a nice wife, being as she is the partner within a ordinary estate, ought needs be her husband's counterpoise and counterpart for good; since, whether it is across the transactions of the husband, as a pattern, that commodities of everybody types encounter their distance into the house, yet it is via processes of the wife's economy and thrift that the increased portion of the expense is checked, and onto the successful effect or the abuse of the equivalent depends the increase or impoverishment of a complete estate. And so with respect towards the remaining arts and sciences, I think I can degree out towards you the ablest performers within each instance, whether you feel you possess any further need of help. [16] 

[15] Aspasia. See "Mem." II. vi. 36. 

[16] Al. "there are successful performers within each whom shall be glad towards illustrate any degree within which you think you need," etc. 

IV 

But why need you illustrate everybody the sciences, Socrates- (Critobulus asked): it would not be very easy towards discover efficient craftsmen of everybody the arts, and relatively impossible towards become skilled within everybody one's self. So, please, confine yourself towards the nobler agents of information as men respect them, such as it shall greatest befit me towards chase with devotion; be so nice as towards degree me out these and their performers, and, above everybody, contribute as far as within you lies the help of your own personal instruction. 

Soc. A nice submission, Critobulus, for the base mechanic arts, so branded, possess got a bad name; and what is many, are held within ill reputation via civil settlements, and not unreasonably; observing they are the impair of the bodies of everybody feared within them, servants and administrators alike, whom are constrained towards remain within sitting postures and towards hug the loom, or else towards crouch complete days challenging a furnace. Hand within hand with physical enervation pursues apace enfeeblement of soul: whilst the require which these base mechanic arts earns onto the moment of those used within them flees them none leisure towards devote towards the allegations of friendship and the state. How can such folk be else than sorry allies and ill defenders of the fatherland- So much so that within a number of states, specially those reputed towards be warlike, none citizen [1] is licenced towards exert any mechanical craft at all. 

[1] "In the stringent sense," e.g. the Spartiates within Sparta. See "Pol. Lac." vii.; Newman, op. cit. i. 99, 103 foll. 

Crit. Then which are the arts you would counsel ourselves towards employ in- 

Soc. Well, we shall not be ashamed, I trust, towards imitate the kings of Persia- [2] That ruler, it is remarked, respects amongst the noblest and most necessary activities two detailed, which are the arts of husbandry and war, and within these two he robs the strongest interest.
