Polignac's military, twelve hundred muskets, was posted onto the Boeuf within backing interval of the pair last. Liddell's seven hundred newly-organized horse, with four rifles, was of small service beyond earning feints towards distract the enemy.

Major arrived his grading onto the 30th, and onto the consecutive day, the 1st of May, captured and sunk the transportation Emma. On the 3d he captured the transportation City Belle, onto her distance up towards Alexandria, with the 120th Ohio regiment onto board. All the officers and pair hundred and seventy-six men were robbed, with a lot killed and wounded. On the night of the 4th the gunboats Covington and Signal, each mounting eight heavy rifles, with the transportation Warner,tackled towards pass. The Covington was blown up via her crew towards evade capture, but the Signal and Warner surrendered. Four rifles, pair three-inch rifled and pair howitzers, were engaged within this affair with the Covington and Signal. They were operate up towards the river's bank via hand, the howitzers above, the three-inch rifles beneath the gunboats, which, overpowered via the rapid flame, transported back and forth until one surrendered and the else was spoilt,affording a finalise depiction of the advantage of field guns towards gunboats within narrow streams. There was none furthertackle towards traverse Major's grading, and Federal message with the Mississippi was finished for fifteen days.

During these campaigns the enemy was busied evening and day within the building of a dam across the Red River,towards enable him towards traverse his fleet again the falls; and the consecutive withdraws from the inform of Admiral Portertowards the Secretary of the Navy well exhibit the mood of affairs within and round Alexandria ("Report onto the Conduct of the War," vol. ii., page 250):

"FLAG-SHIP CRICKET, ALEXANDRIA, April 28, 1864.

"SIR: I possess composed you an fund of the campaigns of the fleet within these waters, but rob the liberty of composingtowards you privately the true say of affairs.
