The piece revolves around the love story of Faust and Margaret with the background of infinity. The atmosphere is suggests the supernatural agency in the fate of man. The reader may observe that the love story as the central focus. Faust's compact with the Fiend rejuvenates him and allows him to start a new life in "the Witch's Kitchen," in which his passions intensify. He becomes the object of desire, full of sensuality. Margaret enters the picture and they instantly fall in love with one another. Faust wins Margaret's love and she bares his child out of wedlock, a sign of their reckless passion turning into worldly shame. Through the treachery of Mephistopheles, he kills Margaret's vengeful brother in a street fight. Faust's desire to encounter his own person, a desire that included extreme bliss and terrible torture, was fulfilled. He agonizes over his love and remorse. Orestes, who was once pursued by the Furies, was chosen as the exemplar of intense anguish and suffering. However, Orestes is a far less pitiable figure than Faust, though he is forever in hell. To end his sensibilities, to numb his conscience, and to deaden his response to evil, the Fiend leads him into a crazy spree of limitless extravagance and rioting. This is exemplified in the dismal scene on the Brocken in which Margaret is deserted and forced to wander in anguish and madness contemplating her crime and her punishment. This abandonment originates from the Fiend - not from her lover. Faust comes to the realization that Mephistopheles, who is truly responsible, and elects to return to his true love, Margaret.  Upon returning, Faust finds Margaret locked away in prison where she is going crazy and dying. He attempts to set her free with no avail. The climax occurs when her soul is released upwards towards the angels. Faust is called by the demonic voice of the devil to fulfill his destiny. Though all of this is at face value, the observer might also notice the image of a fallen angel. This image represent Margaret, as an absolved angel, unable to be truly content without her lover, Faust, also saved. The soul of Faust must be converted into the semblance of the Fiend so that he will comprehend the extent to which his love was the most tragic and intensely human that could exist.

Henry Irving's depiction of Mephistopheles both attained and exceeded the conception of the poet. In both ideal and performance, his work achieved greatness. As described by Goethe, Mephistopheles is rational as well as cynical, but not hinting at the glory of the deity from which he originates. The coherent affirmation of his self does not leave any room for his limitations, as established by the poet. He announces that he is the spirit that perpetually denies, part of that which once was all (a part of the darkness that was once light) and repudiates all things due to its unworthiness. He also declares that everything should be destroyed and nothing should ever have been made in the first place. God may live in eternal grandeur, but the spirits and man live in a world of day and night. Men are depicted as hapless creatures who can do nothing but poke their noses where they do not belong.  He also states that he is evil and he lives for derision and destruction. The Fiend personifies all of the cruel characteristics one would associate with the devil - malice, scorn, and mockery that Henry Irving brings to life. The expertise of his impersonation, exemplified through his careful use of humor in certain scenes, created an impressive analytic and humorous character.

Henry Irving's depiction of Mephistopheles both attained and exceeded the conception of the poet. In both ideal and performance, his work achieved greatness. As described by Goethe, Mephistopheles is rational as well as cynical, but not hinting at the glory of the deity from which he orginates. The coherent affirmation of his self does not leave any room for his limitations, as established by the poet. He anounces that he is the spirit that perpetually denies, part of that which once was all (a part of the darkness that was once light) and repudiates all things due to its unworthiness. He also declares that everything should be destroyed and nothing should ever have been made in the first place. God may live in eternal grandeur, but the spirits and man live in a world of day and night. Men are depicted as hapless creatures who can do nothing but poke their noses where they do not belong.  He also states that he is evil and he lives for derision and destruction. The Fiend personifies all of the cruel characteristics one would associate with the devil - malice, scorn, and mockery that Henry Irving brings to life. The expertise of his impersonation, exeplified through his careful use of humor in certain scenes, created an impressive analytic and humorous character.
