The substance of the piece is the love story of Faust and Margaret, yet beyond
this is a background of infinity, and over and around this is a poetic atmosphere charged with
suggestiveness of supernatural agency in the fate of man. If the gaze of the observer be concentrated
upon the mere structure of the piece, the love story is what he will find; and that is all
he will find. Faust makes his compact with the Fiend. He is rejuvenated and he begins a new
life. In "the Witch's Kitchen" his passions are intensified, and then they are ignited, so
that he may be made the slave of desire and afterward if possible imbruted by sensuality. He
is artfully brought into contact with Margaret, whom he instantly loves, who presently loves
him, whom he wins, and upon whom, since she becomes a mother out of wedlock, his inordinate
and reckless love imposes the burden of pious contrition and worldly shame. Then, through the
puissant wickedness and treachery of Mephistopheles, he is made to predominate over her vengeful
brother, Valentine, whom he kills in a street fray. Thus his desire to experience in his own
person the most exquisite bliss that humanity can enjoy and equally the most exquisite torture
that it can suffer, becomes fulfilled. He is now the agonised victim of love and of remorse.
Orestes pursued by the Furies was long ago selected as the typical image of supreme anguish
and immitigable suffering; but Orestes is less a lamentable figure than Faust--fortified though
he is, and because he is, with the awful but malign, treacherous, and now impotent sovereignty
of hell. To deaden his sensibility, destroy his conscience, and harden him in evil the Fiend
leads him into a mad revel of boundless profligacy and bestial riot--denoted by the beautiful
and terrible scene upon the Brocken--and poor Margaret is abandoned to her shame, her wandering,
her despair, her frenzy, her crime, and her punishment. This desertion, though, is procured
by a stratagem of the Fiend and does not proceed from the design of her lover. The expedient
of Mephistopheles, to lull his prey by dissipations, is a failure. Faust finds them "tasteless,"
and he must return to Margaret. He finds her in prison, crazed and dying, and he strives in
vain to set her free. There is a climax, whereat, while her soul is borne upward by angels
he--whose destiny must yet be fulfilled--is summoned by the terrible voice of Satan. This is
the substance of what is shown; but if the gaze of the observer pierces beyond this, if he
is able to comprehend that terrific but woeful image of the fallen angel, if he perceives what
is by no means obscurely intimated, that Margaret, redeemed and beatified, cannot be happy
unless her lover also is saved, and that the soul of Faust can only be lost through the impossible
contingency of being converted into the likeness of the Fiend, he will understand that a spectacle
has been set before him more august, momentous, and sublime than any episode of tragical human
love could ever be.

Henry Irving, in his embodiment of Mephistopheles, fulfilled the conception of the poet in
one essential respect and transcended it in another. His performance, superb in ideal and perfect
in execution, was a great work--and precisely here was the greatness of it. Mephistopheles
as delineated by Goethe is magnificently intellectual and sardonic, but nowhere does he convey
even a faint suggestion of the god-head of glory from which he has lapsed. His own frank and
clear avowal of himself leaves no room for doubt as to the limitation intended to be established
for him by the poet. I am, he declares, the spirit that perpetually denies. I am a part of
that part which once was all--a part of that darkness out of which came the light. I repudiate
all things--because everything that has been made is unworthy to exist and ought to be destroyed,
and therefore it is better that nothing should ever have been made. God dwells in splendour,
alone and eternal, but his spirits he thrusts into darkness, and man, a poor creature fashioned
to poke his nose into filth, he sportively dowers with day and night. My province is evil;
my existence is mockery; my pleasure and my purpose are destruction. In a word, this Fiend,
towering to the loftiest summit of cold intellect, is the embodiment of cruelty, malice, and
scorn, pervaded and interfused with grim humour. That ideal Mr. Irving made actual. The omniscient
craft and deadly malignity of his impersonation, swathed in a most specious humour at some
moments (as, for example, in Margaret's bedroom, in the garden scene with Martha, and in the
duel scene with Valentine) made the blood creep and curdle with horror, even while they impressed
the sense of intellectual power and stirred the springs of laughter.
