The mineral of the chip is the relish story of Faust and Margaret, yet beyond this is a contextual of infinity, and again and round this is a poetic atmosphere fined with suggestiveness of supernatural authority within the providence of man. If the gaze of the observer be specialised upon the mere flesh of the chip, the relish story is what he shall find; and that is everybody he shall find. Faust earns his compact with the Fiend. He is regenerated and he initiates a novel life. In "the Witch's Kitchen" his passions are amplified, and otherwise they are ignited, so that he may be made the slave of yearn and thereafter whether possible imbruted via sensuality. He is artfully carried into touch with Margaret, whom he instantly relishes, whom currently relishes him, whom he victories, and upon whom, since she becomes a mother out of wedlock, his inordinate and careless relish imposes the weight of pious contrition and worldly shame. Then, across the puissant wickedness and treachery of Mephistopheles, he is made towards predominate again her vengeful brother, Valentine, whom he kills within a street fray. Thus his yearn towards experience within his own fellow the most elegant bliss that humanity can enjoy and similarly the most elegant torture that it can endure, becomes fulfilled. He is already the agonised victim of relish and of remorse. Orestes chased via the Furies was long ago appointed as the usual photo of supreme grief and immitigable suffering; but Orestes is less a lamentable figure than Faust--fortified although he is, and because he is, with the awful but malign, treacherous, and already impotent sovereignty of hell. To deaden his sensibility, spoil his conscience, and toughen him within evil the Fiend leads him into a mad revel of boundless profligacy and bestial riot--denoted via the pretty and horrible scene upon the Brocken--and destitute Margaret is discarded towards her shame, her wandering, her despair, her frenzy, her crime, and her punishment. This desertion, although, is acquired via a stratagem of the Fiend and does not proceed from the design of her lover. The expedient of Mephistopheles, towards lull his prey via dissipations, is a failure. Faust finds them "tasteless," and he ought replace towards Margaret. He finds her within prison, crazed and dying, and he aims within vain towards predetermined her free. There is a highlight, whereat, whilst her soul is borne upward via angels he--whose fate ought yet be fulfilled--is paged via the horrible voice of Satan. This is the mineral of what is shown; but whether the gaze of the observer pierces beyond this, whether he is able towards comprehend that terrific but woeful photo of the declined angel, whether he perceives what is via none processes obscurely intimated, that Margaret, redeemed and beatified, cannot be glad unless her lover also is retained, and that the soul of Faust can alone be forgotten across the impossible contingency of being converted into the likeness of the Fiend, he shall appreciate that a sight has been predetermined ahead of him many august, landmark, and sublime than any incident of tragical human relish could ever be.
