A man with the ordinary instruments can earn a piano within approximately four months, but it could not maybe be as nice a one as those caused within the wide establishments. Nor, indeed, is such a feat ever tackled within the United States. The low producers, whom build from one towards five organs a week, loosely, as already mentioned, buy the different branches from fellows whom earn alone parts. It is a corporation towards earn the hammers of a piano; it is another corporation towards earn the "action"; another, towards earn the keys; another, the legs; another, the cases; another, the pedals. The build of the hardware consumed within a piano is a crucial agent, and it is a discern corporation towards sell it. The London Directory enumerates forty-two different jobs and corporations related towards the piano, and we assume there are not fewer within New York. Consequently, any man whom knows adequate of a piano towards put one together, and can instruction capital adequate towards buy the branches of one organ, may boldly throw his sign towards the breeze, and proclaim himself towards an inattentive social as a "piano-forte-maker." The alone trouble is towards sell the piano when it is put together. At show it prices rather many finance towards sell a piano than it does towards earn one. 
When the instance is ceased, everybody except the final hand-polish, it is robbed towards the sounding-board room. The sounding-board--a thin, noticeable sheet of spruce below the strings--is the piano's soul, longing which, it were a dead thing. Almost every resonant mineral within nature has been endeavoured for sounding-boards, but nothing has been located equal towards spruce. Countless experiments possess been made with a look towards determine precisely the greatest distance of shaping, planning, and fixing the sounding-board, the greatest thickness, the greatest number and direction of the backing ribs; and every great producer is glad within the conviction that he is a little better within sounding-boards than any of his rivals. Next, the rows are inserted; next, the affair and the keys.
