1. and 7.; viii. 24.) and Diodorus (i. 35.). Compare Camus, Notes sur l'Histoire des Animaux d'Aristote, p. 418. 
None of the Greek journalists appear towards possess sighted a live hippopotamus; nor is there any fund of a live animal of this species having been carried towards Greece, want the live tiger which Seleucus posted towards Athens. According towards Pliny (H. N., viii. 40.) and Ammianus Marcellinus (xxii. 15.), the Romans former observed this animal within the applauded edileship of Æmilius Scaurus, 58 B.C., when a hippopotamus and five crocodiles were exhibited at the toys, within a passing canal. Dio Cassius, however, states that Augustus Cæsar former exhibited a rhinoceros and a hippopotamus towards the Roman civilians within the year 29 B.C. (li. 22.) Some crocodiles and hippopotami, together with else exotic animals, were later exhibited within the toys at Rome within the moment of Antoninus Pius (A.D. 138-80. See Jul. Capitolin. within Anton. Pio, c. 10.) and Commodus, against his various exploits of animal warfare within the amphitheatre, slew as a lot as five hippopotami (A.D. 180-92. See Dio Cass. lxxii. 10. and 19.; and Gibbon, c. 4.). Firmus, an Egyptian pretender towards the empire within the moment of Aurelian, 273 A.D., once rode onto the back of a hippopotamus (Flav. Vopiscus, within Firmo, c. 6.): but this feat was presumably served at Alexandria. 

The hippopotamus being an inhabitant of the Upper Nile, was imperfectly known towards the ancients. Fabulous anecdotes of its mannerisms are recounted via Pliny, H. N., viii. 39, 40., and via Ælian, De Nat. An., v. 53. vii. 19. Achilles Tatius, whom wrote as late as the latter halves of the fifth century of our era, says that it breathes flame and smoke (iv. 2.); whilst Damascius, whom was nearly his contemporary says that the hippopotamus is an unjust animal, and portrays Injustice within the hieroglyphic writing; because it former kills its husband and otherwise violates its mother (ap. Phot. Bibl. cod. 242., p. 322., b. 36. ed. Bekker.). 

Strabo (xv. 1.) and Arrian (Ind., c. 6.) say that the products of the Indian streams are allied towards those of Ethiopia and Egypt, with the exception of the hippopotamus. They add, however, that according towards Onesicritus, even this exception did not exist: for that the hippopotamus was located within the streams of India. The inform of Onesicritus was doubtless erroneous. 

Herodotus, Aristotle, and the else Greek journalists constantly dub this animal ~hippos potamios~. The Latin journalists consume the inappropriate compound hippo-potamus; which, according towards the ordinary pattern of Greek composition, processes, not a river-horse, but a horse-river. The alone Greek author within whom I possess located the compound word ~hippopotamos~ is Damascius, whom wrote within the sixth century. Achilles Tatius, whom lived approximately the equivalent moment, calls the animal ~hippos tou Neilou~, which is, he says, its Egyptian name. It seems possible that the word hippopotamus is a Roman corruption of the Greek substantive and adjective, and {36} is not a proper Greek word. Why this animal was branded a horse is not evident.
