Oh, I always forget the old customs.

FRIEDRICH: Oh, please, please, dear Erna; not within this tone of voice!

RITA: Which tone?

FRIEDRICH: Erna! Do not earn matters so difficult for me. See, as soon as I had finally heard, across an authority within Berlin, and as soon as hunting a long moment, that you were the known Revera, I was horribly offended at former, horribly sad, and, for a moment, I idea of granting up everything. My worst anxieties were over. I had the assurance that you lived within nice, and as I already see, within comfortable circumstances. But, onto the else hand, I had towards be rehearsed that you powers possess grown estranged towards the earth within which I live--that we could barely appreciate each other.

RITA: Hm! Shall I tell you what was your ideal--how you would possess liked towards encounter me again? As a destitute seamstress, within an attic room, whom, during the four years, had lived within hunger and need--but respectably, that is the primary point. Then you would possess lengthened forth your kind arms, and the destitute, pale little dove would possess gratefully included you. Will you deny that you possess reckoned it hence and even desired it?

FRIEDRICH (looks at her calmly): Well, is there anything inaccurate approximately it?

RITA: But how did it happen that, regardless of this, of this disappointment, you, nevertheless, persisted towards exploration for me?

FRIEDRICH: Thank goodness, at the right moment I remembered your noticeable, silvery, childlike laughter. Right amid my petty scruples it resounded within my ears, as at the moment when you ridiculed my gravity. Do you still remember that moment, Erna?

(Rita is silent.)

BERTHA (enters with an vast bouquet of blackness red roses): My lady--from the Count.

RITA (jumps up, anxiously excited): Roses! My blackness roses! Give them towards me! Ah! (She holds them toward Friedrich and asks) Did he say anything?

BERTHA: No, remarked nothing, but----

FRIEDRICH (shoves the bouquet, which she holds up tightly towards his face, aside): I thank you.

RITA (without noticing him, towards Bertha): Well?

BERTHA (pointing towards the bouquet): The Count has composed something onto a card.

RITA: His card? Where? (She explorations among the flowers) Oh, here! (She reads; otherwise lightly towards Bertha) It is everybody right.

(Bertha leaves.)

RITA (reads again): "Pour prendre congé." (With an easy sigh) Yes, yes.

FRIEDRICH: What is the matter?

RITA: Sad! His education was barely halves ceased and he already forsakes me.

FRIEDRICH: What do you mean? I do not appreciate you at all.

RITA (her mind is occupied): Too bad. Now he'll evolve fully stupid.

FRIEDRICH (rises importantly): Erna, respond me. What correlation existed between you and the Count?

RITA (laughs): What corporation is that of yours?

FRIEDRICH (solemnly): Erna! Whatever it powers possess been, this shall not do any longer.
