9. Upper parts mahogany tan washed with white; forearm less than 43 mm L. seminolus.

9'. Upper parts profound chestnut; forearm something greater than 43 mm. (44.8 in just known specimen, a female) L. castaneus.

1'. Color yellowish; one exclusive premolar on every side of upper jaw.

10. Add up to length something greater than 119 mm.; length of upper tooth-line 6.0 mm. or more L. intermedius.

Lasiurus intermedius

Northern Yellow Bat

Conclusion.--Upper parts yellowish-orange, or yellowish tan, or tanish-dull faintly washed with dark to pale yellowish faded; size great (forearm, 45.2-62.8; condylocanine length, 16.9-21.5).

Dispersion and Geographic Variation

Lasiurus intermedius H. Allen, sort from Matamoros, Tamaulipas, has been reported from the Rio Grande Valley of Texas southward to Honduras and in Cuba. Lasiurus floridanus (Miller), sort from Lake Kissimmee, Florida, has been recorded from southeastern Texas, eastward in the Gulf of Mexico to Florida, and thence northward in the Atlantic Coast to maximum southeastern Virginia (see records of event past and Fig. 2). Specimens of intermedius from the vicinity of the sort territory and from different regions in México vary from specimens of floridanus (from Florida and southern Georgia) as accompanies: Larger, both remotely (in particular forearm) and cranially (see estimations); teeth more vast and heavier; skull heavier and having more outstanding sagittal and lambdoidal peaks; braincase less adjusted, more lengthen; sound-related bullae proportionally littler; upper parts finding the middle value of brighter (yellowish to yellowish-orange in all inclusive angle, instead of yellowish-tan to tanish-dull).

The divergences specified above are of the greatness of those that customarily marked subspecies of a solitary animal variety instead of several species. Mill operator (1902:392-393), in the first portrayal of floridanus, noted that the departures in the middle of it and intermedius were slight and commented (p. 393): "Indeed, it is in the cards that it intergrades with the Texas creature." Lowery (1936:17) moreover has prescribed that intergradation could happen among intermedius and floridanus "in southwestern Louisiana or eastern Texas"; later (1943:223-224) he sharp out that specimens from Baton Rouge, Louisiana, normalized more vast in cranial sizes than normal floridanus and again specified the plausibility of intergradation in the middle of the several sorts. Sanborn (1954:25-26) touched at a slant on the situation when he composed: "In Florida, Dasypterus intermedius is pointed to as a Florida yellow bat (Dasypterus floridanus)." Handley (1960:478) composed that certain morphological likenesses inferred "gene rush" among the a few sorts.

Specimens examined from Louisiana look like floridanus from Georgia and Florida to the eastward in outside extents. Some of those specimens look like floridanus in size of skull, but several skulls from Louisiana are entwined from those of topotypes of intermedius. The upper parts of specimens from Louisiana are for the most part similar to those of beasts to the east but normal somewhat paler (less earthy). The specimens perceived from Louisiana appear to be intergrades among intermedius and floridanus but unmistakably are assignable to the recent.

The picture is less clear as respects bats from southeastern Texas (one specimen every from Colorado and Travis districts, and four specimens from Harris County). Five of the specimens have skulls (the Travis County specimen is a skin just) and of the proposed, four are obviously assignable, on the support of size and shape of the skull, to intermedius. The fifth skull (specimen from Colorado County) is halfway in size betwixt floridanus and intermedius and on that foundation apart from everyone else might be doled out with equivalent decency to either.All these specimens from Texas more nearly look like floridanus than intermedius in outside size (forearms: 49.2, 49.6, 50.7, 49.9 (surmised), 49.6, 49.1). The pale yellowish-faded upper parts of the four mature people, obviously coming about because of a weakening of the caramel shade found in floridanus, contrast from the color of run of the mill specimens of both intermedius and floridanus, but the midpoint is closer that of floridanus than that of intermedius. Shade of pre-mature person pelage in the one July-taken little of the year looks like the shade of grown-ups. An August-taken junior of the year is in handle of procuring the grown-up pelage but the hairs have not gotten to their full development; it is pale yellowish but not so faded as the different specimens. All elements regarded, the specimens from eastern Texas look like floridanus something greater than they do intermedius, and so are temporarily relegated to floridanus (as was finished by Taylor and Davis, 1947:19; Eads, et al., 1956:440; and, Davis, 1960:59). Supplemental material from southeastern Texas is required. It will be recollected that the sort region of intermedius is in the Rio Grande Valley; all specimens viewed, in the investigation here reported on, from the Texas side of the valley are irrefutably referable to that subspecies.
