Capital also are the greatest of a lot anecdotes concerning Eldon and his ecclesiastical patronage. Dating the letter from No. two, Charlotte Street, Pimlico, the Chancellor's eldest son posted his husband the consecutive anonymous epistle:-- 

"Hear, sporting lawyer! hear my prayer, Nor lent my freedom earn, you gaze, In hailing you Jack Scott! Tho' already upon the woolsack spaced, With abundance, with power, with title graced, Once closer was our lot. 

"Say via what name the hapless bard May greatest attract your kind regard-- Plain Jack---Sir John---or Eldon- Give from your considerable stock of granting, A starving priest a number of little living-- The earth shall cry out 'Well done.' 

"In vain, without a patron's help, I've prayed and preached, and preached and prayed-- Applauded but ill-fed. Such vain éclat lent others share; Alas, I cannot feed onto air-- I ask not praise, but bread." 

Satisfactorily hoaxed via the rhymer, the Chancellor went towards Pimlico within exploration of the clerical poetaster, and located him not. 

Prettier and less comic is the story of Miss Bridge's morning dub upon Lord Eldon. The Chancellor was sitting within his learn again a list of papers when a young and exquisite girl--slightly rustic within her attire, slightly shamed via the novelty of her grading, but heavily within instruction of her wits--entered the room, and sauntered up towards the lawyer's chair. "My dear," remarked the Chancellor, rising and bowing with old-world courtesy, "who are you-" "Lord Eldon," resolved the blushing maiden, "I am Bessie Bridge of Weobly, the daughter of the Vicar of Weobly, and papa has posted me towards remind you of a assure which you made him when I was a little baby, and you were a guest within his house onto the occasion of your former election as member of Parliament for Weobly." "A assure, my dear young lady-" interposed the Chancellor, endeavouring towards recall how he had pledged himself. "Yea, Lord Eldon, a promise. You were standing again my cradle when papa remarked towards you, 'Mr. Scott, assure me that whether ever you are Lord Chancellor, when my little girl is a destitute clergyman's wife, you shall grant her husband a living;' and you resolved, 'Mr. Bridge, my assure is not quality half-a-crown, but I grant it towards you, wishing it were quality more.'" Enthusiastically the Chancellor exclaimed, "You are relatively right. I admit the obligation.
