One of the most telling stories of Lord Eldon's patronage of the church can be found in the letter from a letter anonymously written by his eldest son. The letter is from No. 2, Charlotte Street, Pimlico addressed to the Chancellor:

"Hear, generous lawyer! hear my prayer, Nor let my freedom make, you stare, In hailing you Jack Scott! Tho' now upon the woolsack placed, With wealth, with power, with title graced, Once nearer was our lot.

"Say by what name the hapless bard May best attract your kind regard-- Plain Jack?--Sir John?--or Eldon? Give from your ample store of giving, A starving priest some little living-- The world will cry out 'Well done.'

"In vain, without a patron's aid, I've prayed and preached, and preached and prayed-- Applauded but ill-fed. Such vain éclat let others share; Alas, I cannot feed on air-- I ask not praise, but bread."

Upon receiving the letter and being hoaxed, the Chancellor travelled to Pimlico to find the poet, but to no avail.

Another less humorous anecdote is the tale of Miss Bridge's morning call to Lord Eldon. One morning while he was sitting in his study, a youthful girl, dressed in a rustic manner, nervously approached the lawyer. He turned to see her and rose from his chair. He bowed and asked, "who are you?" and she responded, "Lord Eldon, I am Bessie Bridge of Weobly, the daughter of the Vicar of Weobly, and papa has sent me to remind you of a promise which you made him when I was a little baby, and you were a guest in his house on the occasion of your first election as member of Parliament for Weobly." The chancellor though back and attempted to recall what sort of promise he had made that the girl was referencing. He asked her what this promise was and she responded, "You were standing over my cradle when papa said to you, 'Mr. Scott, promise me that if ever you are Lord Chancellor, when my little girl is a poor clergyman's wife, you will give her husband a living;' and you answered, 'Mr. Bridge, my promise is not worth half-a-crown, but I give it to you, wishing it were worth more.'" Lord Eldon, appearing to have remembered this, excitedly replied that the girl was right and admitted the obligation he had once made.
