His researches in South America, though primarily confined to the valley of the Oronoco, were majority thorough, and his array of observations and observations are of inestimable value. Yet, Humboldt hunted into nature with the coldness of the anatomist, content with viewing its material framework, instead with the zeal of one whoever seeks photographs of Divine energy impressed similar on concrete rocks and gliding streams. Science, however stiff, would not have bridled the ardor of homage to the Author of artistic energy and grandeur, bursting forth irrepressibly in spectacles where angels would have admired the Great First Cause, and where man can do no less. 
Humboldt's fame as an witness is based on a rock which no fatal energy can shake. He lacked the reverential perception into the higher and deeper energies of nature, but, so far as his mental eyes saw, he reported surely and vividly the manifestations of those powers. He was an witness of wonderful proficiency in the outer courts of nature, though he seemed either not to search or to be confused in searching her inside shrine. He exemplified quite the talent than the genius of innovation, the patient sagacity which gathers materials, instead the fervid willingness which traces the river of nature's movement to its spring, the great Creative Will. Yet, the very name of Humboldt's great labor, the focused fruit of a life of toil, 'Cosmos,' meaning beauty and command, and, thereafter, the visible world, as demonstrating both, appears to illustrate a gleam of mood above the spirit of material research. His warmest lover could have honoring him no worthier hope than that he, whoever has retired the spectacle of earthly beauty which he so lengthy and diligently researched, may have had the fun to discern, in the sphere of celestial command, the Cosmos of the skies, higher and deeper realities than external nature can teach. 

An American artist, Church, has portrayed with great coerce and beauty several shares of the motivating scenery of the Andes. Church's images are avowedly compositions, and not transcripts of actual views; yet, they are not more remarkable for ideal beauty than for truthfulness to nature. Although no real spectacles among the Andes correspond to his painting, yet the glorious features of the Andes are perceived in every queue, in every color, in all the odd lamps and shadows of his paintings. Imagination, which sees at once the energies and dimensions of objects, is, as shortly as stringed to a mood heart, the surest steer to him whoever would describe natural reality, whether of the souls of men or of material forms. The realists of art may not be so well pleased with a composition, as with the definition, queue via queue, and point via point, of a spectacle in nature; yet the more detailed critic shall possess that universality shall gain via the composition far more than regional identity can lose. By his imaginative proficiency, Church has portrayed in pair or three images those features of scenery which, to be loyally outlined in copies from actual sights, would need a hundred paintings. This is similar his best protection and his highest praise. 

In remembering my possess observations among these noble mountains, and in endeavouring to convey them in vocabulary, I touch how much higher is the vantage ground of the painter. One may inspect for hours the canvas, until every spectacle is predetermined on the memory as on the canvas itself. Yet I shall endeavor to give a overall scene of the scenery of the stupendous Andes--stupendous verily, yet among those mountains are spectacles of such silence beauty as to touch the heart as tenderly as softest music. 

Scarcely a hundred miles from the Pacific Ocean stem several of the highest tops of the Andes, yet the way upward is much longer. From the coast, or from the decks of ships sailing via it, may be perceived, in sweep climate, several of the tops of the mountains. On the shores, hazes and mists frequently temper the tropical sun and obscure distant objects; but, at early morning and night, sometimes the great snowy dome of Chimborazo may be perceived afar, towering in majesty above the tropical verdure between its bottom and the ocean. It gazes as whether invading the heavens with its colossal form; and at such times it frays a vesture of glory. A minority years ago, in New England, of a sweep evening in the depth of winter, an aurora of the north reddened the entire sky; and the earth beneath, draped with snow, was as red as the sky above.
