His researches in South America, though mainly confined
to the valley of the Oronoco, were most thorough, and his array of facts and observations are
of inestimable value. Yet, Humboldt searched into nature with the coldness of the anatomist,
content with examining its material structure, rather than with the zeal of one who seeks images
of Divine power impressed alike on solid rocks and gliding streams. Science, however rigid,
would not have restrained the ardor of homage to the Author of creative energy and grandeur,
bursting forth irrepressibly in scenes where angels would have adored the Great First Cause,
and where man can do no less.

Humboldt's fame as an observer is founded on a rock which no mortal power can shake. He lacked
the reverential insight into the higher and deeper powers of nature, but, so far as his mental
eyes saw, he described surely and vividly the manifestations of those powers. He was an observer
of wonderful skill in the outer courts of nature, though he seemed either not to seek or to
be bewildered in seeking her interior shrine. He exemplified rather the talent than the genius
of discovery, the patient sagacity which accumulates materials, rather than the fervid enthusiasm
which traces the stream of nature's action to its spring, the great Creative Will. Yet, the
very title of Humboldt's great work, the concentrated fruit of a life of toil, 'Cosmos,' meaning
beauty and order, and, then, the visible world, as illustrating both, seems to show a gleam
of feeling above the spirit of material research. His warmest admirer could have respecting
him no worthier hope than that he, who has left the scene of earthly beauty which he so long
and diligently studied, may have had the joy to discern, in the sphere of celestial order,
the Cosmos of the skies, higher and deeper truths than external nature can teach.

An American artist, Church, has portrayed with great force and beauty some portions of the
inspiring scenery of the Andes. Church's pictures are avowedly compositions, and not transcripts
of actual views; yet, they are not more remarkable for ideal beauty than for truthfulness to
nature. Although no real scenes among the Andes correspond to his painting, yet the glorious
characteristics of the Andes are seen in every line, in every color, in all the strange lights
and shadows of his paintings. Imagination, which sees at once the powers and proportions of
things, is, when joined to a feeling heart, the surest guide to him who would describe natural
truth, whether of the souls of men or of material forms. The realists of art may not be so
well satisfied with a composition, as with the delineation, line by line, and point by point,
of a scene in nature; yet the more comprehensive critic will own that universality will gain
by the composition far more than local identity can lose. By his imaginative skill, Church
has portrayed in two or three pictures those characteristics of scenery which, to be faithfully
delineated in copies from actual views, would require a hundred paintings. This is alike his
best defence and his highest praise.

In recalling my own observations among these noble mountains, and in striving to express them
in language, I feel how much higher is the vantage ground of the painter. One may examine for
hours the canvas, until every scene is fixed on the memory as on the canvas itself. Yet I will
endeavor to give a general view of the scenery of the stupendous Andes--stupendous truly, yet
among those mountains are scenes of such quiet beauty as to touch the heart as tenderly as
softest music.

Scarcely a hundred miles from the Pacific Ocean arise some of the highest peaks of the Andes,
yet the way upward is much longer. From the coast, or from the decks of ships sailing by it,
may be seen, in clear weather, some of the peaks of the mountains. On the shores, hazes and
mists often temper the tropical sun and obscure distant objects; but, at early morning and
evening, sometimes the great snowy dome of Chimborazo may be seen afar, towering in majesty
above the tropical verdure between its base and the ocean. It looks as if invading the heavens
with its colossal form; and at such times it wears a vesture of glory. A few years ago, in
New England, of a clear night in the depth of winter, an aurora of the north reddened the whole
sky; and the earth beneath, covered with snow, was as red as the sky above.
