While headquartered primarily in Oronoco, Humbolt managed to file a vast array of meticulously collected facts detailing nature on the Southern American continent. Described as logical in the extreme rather than overwhelmingly passionate, he observed the order of things in every context he encountered. Unlike other scholars, whose awe for creation and reverence for a Creator permeated their writings, Humbolt focused on the observable details without connecting them overtly to an established philosophical or religious system of belief. This gained him some fame, particularly given the incredible accuracy of his perceptions, but also lead and continues to lead to some complaints about his lack of faith, fervor, and devotion to God. He does not write about angelic hosts, creationism, or the way that nature illustrates the divine plan, nor does he appear to recognize a connection between the details collected by science and the wisdom found via divine revelation and thus in the words of the Bible. Nevertheless, some of his readers who want to find spirituality in his work do claim there is some evidence of deference to faith in his book Cosmos, which describes the interconnected order of all things, high and low, in a manner that, with a little imagination, can be credited to the perception of a divine order, a holy truth, and the fruits of reflection on beauty, rather than simply and entirely to scientific observations. 

The Andes are the subject of the American painter Frederic Edwin Church's gorgeous and powerful landscapes. These capture the Andes without being portraits of particular locations; rather they are collections of accurate details from across the experience of the painter joined in creations that render idealized beautifications of the landscape. It is clear that Church shows us the Andes, particularly in his portrayals of light and darkness, but no specific places in the Andes are a precise match to what he painted. Realists may differ regarding the interpretation of his work, as some who prefer landscapes to be real in particular detail and attributable to a source location will not be satisfied, but many critics, including those with broader views of art, are sure to recognize the value of Church's derivations from nature despite their sourcing, to some extent, in his own imagination. It is possible to view his works as compressive of nature, intense concentrations of details that, if painted individually from life on a 1:1 scale, would fill dozens, even hundreds, of canvases for each one that he used. 

Having seen the mighty Andes myself and tried to put my impressions of them into words, I understand the advantages painters have -- a painting can be worth a thousand new words almost each time it is studied, and details can continue to emerge on repeated viewing until, at last, everything is finally known, if it can be known, after years spent with a particular image. That's much more difficult to do with words, but I've committed to trying to describe this range of mountains, the scenery that all but struck me dumb with its incredible and awesome glory. It stays in my soul as surely as a beautiful song lingers in the mind long after the music stops.
 
The tallest mountains in this range are relatively close to the coast, within 160 km or so, but the climb up from the Pacific must cover far, far greater distances. You can see, on a clear day, these mountaintops even from the sea and from the beaches, though fog or the tropical equivalent does routinely put a curtain between the edge of the ocean and anything inland. Chimborazo is, despite this, a noticeably snow-covered feature hanging over the skyline in the reddish light of dawn and in twilight, like a huge extraterrestrial vessel landing from space. It is a striking sight. It reminded me of the Aurora Borealis as it sometimes appears in the northeastern United States, when the wild lights of winter dye the snow under foot the color of boiled lobsters.
