The Researchers work in South America was mainly confined to the Oronoco Valley. Humbolt's work was intensive,complete and it's value cannot be overstated. Humbolt approached his work from a purely scientific angle. He was satisfied to coldly examine the structures and was not prone to get excited about his findings no matter how impressive. He was never profoundly affected by the work of the creator that surrounded him. 

Humboldt's notoriety as an observer is cemented in stone. While he lacked the faith that would have allowed him to attribute the natural world to a higher power, his keen senses and ability to express his findings, allowed him to vividly describe the creations of God. Humbolt was a wonderfully skilled observer of nature who simply lacked the depth of mind to question its source. He is an example of one who excels in the ability to make discoveries, but fails to truly appreciate the divine forces responsible. 
He was unable to approach his work with true passion and excitement that would be needed to propel a person to look beyond the physical realm of the natural world. Ironically,the title of Humbolt's collection which was to reflect a lifetime of work "Cosmos" which means beauty and order, shows a deeper understanding and feeling than one would have expected from a volume of research. 



As an American Artist, Church has vividly expressed through his work, the majestic scenery of the Andes Mountains. Church's pictures are bold interpretations and not simple reproductions of the scenery, but they remain true to the actual look of nature. Admittedly, no photographs of the Andes would accurately  compare to the views he creates, the essence of the Andes can be seen in each aspect of his work. The emotion of the painter can be felt when looking at his works. The Realist painter may struggle with not being able to truly and accurately bring to life small details that the eye can see in nature, but even critics will admit that the universal appeal of the composition is more important than what is lost in detail. 
Through his amazing skill, Church has been able to protray in just a few scenes, what would otherwise take many photographs. This is perhaps his strength and weakness.
