We felt the cold from sunup because the ridges were unprotected from the piercing gusts, and we bundled up in sweaters and coats on top of our flannels. After descending a thousand feet, we removed and tied our jackets to the saddle bags, then on the next thousand we took off the sweaters, and from there on proceeded with our sleeves rolled up and our shirts unbuttoned at the neck. We had segued from mid-winter to summer weather in the space of a couple of hours, and the abrupt change was stunning. It was like walking into a centrally heated building rather like a greenhouse for tropical plants.

Base camp was pitched on a level plain atop the river trough from which we could see the whole valley -- it looked rather like the bottom of a well with the lofty, almost vertical, mountains forming the walls of the well. It was a place of striking contrasts. The trees and shrubs were totally green while the grass fields were dessicated and brown as if it were the middle of winter. The stout trees growing at the bottom fo the hills were flush with doves, even as the number of mammal trails was scarce and we caught no critters in the traps we put out. After the sun went down, we were treated to the first barking of a muntjac we had heard on the trip, sounding hoarse as it rose from behind our tents.
 
The Yamen "conscript" who came with us from Shih-tien handed over his official report at the town (Ma-po-lo) which is located deeper into the valley. The local justice, who turned out to be a Shan native, showed up not long afterward with about a dozen men and we found out that there was only one man in the settlement who could speak Chinese.

The justice at Ma-po-lo absolutely did not want to take on the responsibility for our security and so proceeded to try to persuade us that we would find no game (or other hunters, for that matter) in the town.

In spite of his unmistakable eagerness to be shed of us, he seemed to be being truthful with us, for the valley has been so thoroughly developed for agriculture (rice), and the protection from the mountain walls is so minimal, that it is unlikely that a population of game was supportable.

At dawn, the whole valley was covered with a thick, white fog, but we rose above it in no time, and by lunchtime, we were back in the preternatural winter that perches on the tops of the ridges.
