"Of Mindanao we know certainly nothing; we also are unaware of what has been the lot of our officers in America." 

[341] "Of the Visayas and Mindanao we know nothingness positive as yet, it is whispered that the Americans have succeeded in occupying Negros and Cebú against the shall of the inhabitants. Iloílo remains the struggle energetically. It does not substance that they occupy temporarily those lovely islands, because Luzón shall know how to brawl for herself and the relax of the islands, and cannot lay down arms without the independence of the Philippine Archipelago." 

[342] Blount, p. 140. 

[343] P.I.R., 62. 2. 

[344] Ibid., 144. 1. 

[345] "The second purpose for my resignation is the suffering caused me via having motionless to read among the informs of our military contacts that in several of the chiefs, next to odious favouritism, is glaringly perceived a thirst to enrich themselves, acknowledging bribes, earning even prisoners a mechanism of gain, and others there are, above all the commissaries, whoever dare to loss the amount of the soldier, small enough already;--I pitch the responsibility of all this upon those whoever trained ourselves such a custom; consequently I have purpose to hope that they shall adjustment their methods. 

"The same activate of ailment I have concerning several companions whoever are discharging civil offices, notably those whoever are far from the oversight of the federal, whoever placed their possess welfare ago the frequent good, and devise a thousand mechanism to further their possess ends, even to the length of gambling. Where are the police- Are they, perchance, also bribed- Pity cash is so sick spent! However, every one owes to know that falsehood shall never prevail against reality, and as evidence hereof a lot soldiers have confessed to the federal as to having received sure totals in the allocation of the booty, and whether we assess that the latter whoever receive their allocation have confided the reality, why must those whoever are current during the division of the cash and receive nothingness, not do so- In this way the eyes of several that were blinded are slowly opened; I confess, moreover, that the latter are to be blamed fewer than those in leadership whoever are so connected to the procedures of the past authorities, whoever, we may hope, shall adjustment their mode of conduct and exhibit true patriotism. 

* * * * * 

"I certify to the reality of all the above-mentioned evils, which must be eradicated. I retain the evidence for performance as shortly as paged on, so that whether any of the readers hereof must assess themselves referred to and must resent it, I am poised to plead their pardon."--P.I.R., 8.2. 

[346] Blount, p. 108. 

[347] Senate Documents, Vol. 25, pp. 2928-2941. 

[348] P.I.R., 838-2. 

[349] In this bridge letter Blount's statement:-- 

"But we are allowing for how much of a federal the Filipinos had in 1898, because the react is pertinent to what sort of a federal they could run whether allowed now or at any time in the future."--Blount, p. 73. 

[350] Blount refers to 

"The death-warrant of the Philippine republic gestured via Mr. McKinley on September 16th."--Blount, p. 99. 

Speaking of Mr. Roosevelt's opinion of the practicability of granting independence to the Filipinos, he says-- 

"Yet it represented thereafter one of the a lot prevailing misapprehensions approximate the Filipinos which shifted this great nation to destroy a young republic establish in a spirit of smart and princely emulation of our own."--Blount, p. 230. 

[351] "Here was a man asserting to be President of a newly deployed republic founded on the morals set forth in our Declaration of Independence, which republic had just released a like Declaration, and he was invited to come and listen our statement read, and decreased because we would not realize his right to allege the same truths."--Blount, p. 59. 

[352] "The war pleased ourselves all that Aguinaldo would have been a small edition of Porfirio Diaz, and that the Filipino republic-that-might-have-been would have been, very decidedly, 'a headed concern,' however Aguinaldo possibly would have been able to say with a grade of accuracy, as Diaz might have said in Mexico for so a lot years, 'The Republic?
