Can't tell you anything about Mindanao, as it's a complete mystery to us. We don't have any idea what happened to the people who sent to America to act on our behalf there either.

Regarding the Visayas and Mindanao, we have no conclusive intelligence reports. There's a rumor that Americans have taken possession of Cebú and Negros despite objections from the locals. Iloílo is still fighting. Even if they gain control of these desirable islands, it won't matter in the long term because that will draw Luzón into the struggle, and there's no way her people will stop using every trick in the military handbook until they're assured  not only of their own protection but also of independence for the other islands and the whole of the Philippines and everything in that neck of the woods.

See also report from Blount, specifically page 140.

Check the PIR for details, page 62, paragraph 2; and page 144, paragraph 1 in the same reference.

Another reason for me to leave this job is the cognitive dissonance it creates when I have to review intelligence reports from our forces in the field citing the behavior of some of the local authorities, who, aside from playing favorites, are also out to get rich, take bribes, and use prisoners as a way to gain an advantage; other reports maintain that the commissaries, and others in charge, skim from soldiers' pay packets, leaving them even less than the pittance they're supposed to be getting. Whomever trained these guys did a terrible disservice. At least we can hope this sort of thing will change.

I get the same kind of report about the civil authorities, particularly the ones in more remote areas, who invariably look after themselves before they lift even one finger in the name of common welfare, finding hundreds and hundreds of ways to get what they want, even to the point of gambling. The local police don't seem to do anything about this kind of problem, and it's possible they've been bought. It's all a big waste of money. Everyone must know, though, that the truth will come out in the end, something that should be obvious in light of the quantity of confessions from solders who admit to accepting shares of the spoils -- and if those who have been paid to shut up are talking, how much more likely it is that those who never got paid will talk? The light will shine on all of this, and eventually even people who don't want to know will know. These soldiers are less responsible for the corrupt practices than their leaders, people who continue the disavowed practices of the previous administration, who we can only hope will wise up and start to show their true, patriotic colors in the ways they act moving forward.

I stand by the truth of these reports, so help me God, and state for the record that this corruption has to end. I'm holding certain evidence and will bring it out when the time comes, so if anyone accuses me of slander or libel because of this, I'm ready to set the record straight, to exonerate them if possible. Refer to the PIR, p. 8, par. 2.

See also Blount's report on page 108.

Refer to the Senate's documents, volume 25, pages 2928 through 2941.

Also check out the PIR, p. 838, par. 2.

Blount further states that the state of the Philippino government in 1898 is being considered as a way to answer the question of what kind of government they're likely to have, if given the necessary freedom now or sometime down the road. On page 73.

Blount is also the one who equates McKinley's actions on 09/16 with the signing of a death warrant for the Republic of the Philippines. See page 99.

He goes on to describe President Roosevelt's ideas about whether or not independence could be practical for this region:

On page 230, he says, essentially, that because of American worries about the Philippines, US actions destroyed a young country that was founded on values very like its own.
 
On page 59, he states that the Philippines had a leader claiming executive office on the basis of the same ideas written into the US Declaration of Independence and under whose leadership that fledgling republic had just published its own, very similar Declaration, but who was not recognized by the Americans because they didn't agree he or his government had the authority to proclaim the same thing US forefathers proclaimed.

All in all, the events associated with this war convinced everyone that Aguinaldo would just have been a lighter version of Porfirio Diaz, and that any Philippino government, even one presiding over a republic, would have been something to worry about; all this despite the fact that Aguinaldo would have been likely to claim, just as Diaz might have claimed in Mexico given the chance, that his country was a true republic.
