Blessing walked away quietly to avoid spooking the bear. But the bear, Bruin, had sighted and smelled the intruders, and at that point was already loping in their direction.

Hansen stopped worrying about spooking Bruin, seeing that the bear was tracking Blessing's route in the direction of the boat. Blessing noticed this too, and admitted to himself that the time for thinking about the bear's feelings was over. Blessing halted in his tracks, not sure what he should do next. After a minute of thinking, he came to the conclusion that he was glad there were three of them and only one bear and made his way back to the rest of the group at top speed. Bruin pursued, making good time. It was quite clear to Hansen by then that the situation was serious, and he was ready to run in a zigzag pattern like the manual recommended. First, though, he straightened up to make himself tall, thrust out his arms to make himself look wide, and bellowed as loud as he could. The others made noise too. That bear, though, didn't seem to take any notice. Things were going sideways fast. The three grabbed their weapons of choice: Hansen had the long hooked stick for ice breaking, Johansen held his axe, and Blessing readied for hand-to-hand combat. Each man yelled to the bear wildly and at the top of their voices as they ran for the boat with every ounce of speed they could muster. And the bear just kept coming, ran towards their shelter, swiftly checking everything left in the camp as he lumbered along in their direction.

This was a lithe, skinny bear, a hungry male. When he was finally gutted, the only content of his tummy was a note inscribed with two names: Mohn and Lutken. The note was scrawled on a bit of paper meant to cover a portable lantern such as a skier might carry, and someone from the expedition must have dropped it while traveling the frozen wastes. After the incident with the bear, several of the explorers refused to leave the boat unless they had as many weapons as they could carry.

The wind came from the Southeast on October 3rd, a Tuesday, and continued that way into Wednesday, the 4th. On the 3rd it was sixteen degrees below zero, and on the 4th it was a scant two degrees warmer. That day I spent all my time checking depth, and the deepest point I measured was just under one and half kilometers. I lifted up examples of the ten to eleven-and-a-half centimeter thick grey clay shelf on the bottom, and noticed that it had roan clay or mud underneath. It was above freezing down there, eighteen degrees Celsius on the bottom; in contrast, it was just below freezing 137 meters up, about .18 degrees. This evidence disproves the myth of the shallowness of these Arctic waters, confirming that they're warmer than people think.

As we brought up the sounding line that p.m., fissures formed in the ice behind the Fram, widening so fast that our little ice anchor crew of three had to put a board down to cross back to the boat. The ice compacted as the night came on, opening up more cracks behind that initial one.

I had my clothes on Thursday a.m. in time for the morning meal, the 5th, when a crew member ran in with a report about a bear sighting. I took the deck right away and spotted the bear approaching from the side of the vessel sheltered by the wind, i.e. heading North in our direction. He paused quite a ways away from us to check things out, then flopped down on the ice. With Henriksen in tow, I set out over the frozen water. One of us managed to snipe into bear's chest from about 284 meters away, a lucky shot, dropping the bear dead right before he turned to run.

As I write, we're getting all our stuff secure against the pressures of the freezing water for the long winter season. In the p.m. today we packed up the boat's rudder. Nice day today for weather, but a nippy one. It was eighteen below Celsius at eight o'clock tonight. The medical check found that there are still insects on the boat, somehow, and I can't think of a solution to all of our problems. We're out of power now, and will have to pray the cold will kill any vermin or disease.

Knowing critters were still kicking among us made me pretty sick with fear. If lice or bacteria or a plague or whatever infested our gear, linens, and clothing, then we'd be finished fast. The next day, we all went a little cleaning crazy, got as obsessive-compulsive about it as we could under these conditions. We stripped out of everything we were wearing - everything - then scrubbed clean and put on all new clothes. Our old stuff, all the old clothes, furs, rugs, and gear, was stowed above deck to freeze solid there until spring. That worked -- it was more than even the heartiest viruses could handle. You know the old saying: a bug can handle being boiled, a bug can handle an airtight seal, but no bug can stand to be out in the deep cold of night in winter.

On Friday, the 6th, it was colder yet, with the mercury reading -24 degrees Celcius.
