[CLAPPING]

I do not think so.  Henry Clay stated the same doctrine a time before our Civil War; I heard him.  In addition to Clay's assertions, I heard similar utterances on our Senate's floor by virtuous and educated men twenty years back, when we were on the verge of one of the bloodiest wars ever to devastate this, or any, land.  In light of this, I am doubtful as to whether or not society has the all-important hindsight into wars and rumors of war, and the insight to look forward into a state of unpunctuated peace.

The answer is no, comrades.  As he was in the beginning, man remains in the same state today.  Men are not logical entities.  Men are passionate and, at times, must have these passions forcefully curbed.  Furthermore, the prudent willingly and readily meet hardship when it rears its head.  The best answer to that question is man's need for preparation. [CLAPPING]

Comrades, this brings us to tonight's toast, during which you have given me the opportunity to give my response to something with which I am not entirely familiar.  Tonight, we have heard about the "New England Ideas."  You have outlined your society's principles.  These principles are as sound as if handed down by the Lord himself.  [CLAPPING AND LAUGHTER]  Supported by a codicil of sorts, as presented to me, and it seems that a considerable portion, probably half of the country, is still upset, and Yankees are not welcome in the South.  I know first-hand that two-thirds of the United States' territory remains unsettled.  The war between the civilized and the barbaric has blazed on ever since the Pilgrims landed on Plymouth Rock with no end in sight.  Mr. Beecher put it well when he said that the strife our forefathers started was meant to strive for a higher manhood.  A virtuous manhood.  One of faith and courage; one aspiring to reach those attributes of the Lord Almighty.

Every Yankee holds the belief that each citizen must create his own glory, as that is the way to ensure each person liberty in its most elated form.  Each citizen must advocate for this, by erecting places for education and worship alike to bring his civilization to others.  By doing this, the Yankees have enlarged New England to such a point that it now encompasses half to a third of settled America.  I want to remind the American people that, although this is a great achievement, it is still in progress.  You still have work to do.

Like your cousins in London, you do not know the struggle that lies ahead.  At this very moment there are Miles Standishes, under the snow-capped Rocky Mountains, doing exactly as our forefathers did those two hundred and fifty years in the past.  The struggles that lie ahead are the same as those faced by our forefathers. You will recall that they began in New England, building fences, log cabins, and preparing the exhausted, rocky earth, as described by Mr. Beecher, and I feel those actions held great importance in developing New England's character.  You in the audience may not have the same vigor if your forefathers found themselves tilling the fertile Mississippi River delta.  Your forefathers toiled and labored, which is good for you and your children, as long as you and they follow the same path.  In Brooklyn and New York, however, you and your forefathers differ.  Here in New York, with its wealth, station, and all that brings about a comfortable life, though you believe in the same ideals, you are not physically the same.  I can take you where you can see real Yankees, Yankees like your forefather.  Because of New York's size, you wisely have a larger police force; a police force which is proportionally larger than that of the entire United States army to its citizenry.  Even if you have "scalpers" here, you do not have a local Indian threat.  [CLAPPING AND LAUGHTER]  New York does not have "road agents," and still you have your police force.  As you keep your police, so does our Government, where the threat of Indian attacks and "road-agents" permeates.  You, the gentlemen whom I address tonight, contributors to the transcontinental railroads, firmly understand that the small military force I represent is, at this very moment, policing these great roadways against the desperate men who have a mind for halting cars and interfering with the post and travel, that would otherwise stunt commerce and trade with other civilized lands provided to us by the Pacific road, which leads to San Francisco.
