[Applause.]

I doubt it. I heard Henry Clay announce the same doctrine long before our Civil War. I heard
also assertions of the same kind uttered on the floor of our Senate by learned and good men
twenty years ago when we were on the very threshold of one of the most bloody wars which ever
devastated this or any other land. Therefore I have some doubt whether mankind has attained
that eminence where it can look backward upon wars and rumors of war, and forward to a state
of perpetual peace.

No, my friends, I think man remains the same to-day, as he was in the beginning. He is not
alone a being of reason; he has passions and feelings which require sometimes to be curbed
by force; and all prudent people ought to be ready and willing to meet strife when it comes.
To be prepared is the best answer to that question. [Applause.]

Now my friends, the toast you have given me to-night to respond to is somewhat obscure to me.
We have heard to-night enumerated the principles of your society--which are called "New England
ideas." They are as perfect as the catechism. [Applause and laughter.] I have heard them supplemented
by a sort of codicil, to the effect that a large part of our country--probably one-half--is
still disturbed, and that the Northern man is not welcome there. I know of my own knowledge
that two-thirds of the territory of the United States are not yet settled. I believe that when
our Pilgrim Fathers landed on Plymouth Rock, they began the war of civilization against barbarism,
which is not yet ended in America. The Nation then, as Mr. Beecher has well said, in the strife
begun by our fathers, aimed to reach a higher manhood--a manhood of virtue, a manhood of courage,
a manhood of faith, a manhood that aspires to approach the attributes of God Himself.

Whilst granting to every man the highest liberty known on earth, every Yankee believes that
the citizen must be the architect of his own fortune; must carry the same civilization wherever
he goes, building school-houses and churches for all alike, and wherever the Yankee has gone
thus far he has carried his principles and has enlarged New England so that it now embraces
probably a third or a half of the settled part of America. That has been a great achievement,
but it is not yet completed. Your work is not all finished.

You who sit here in New York, just as your London cousins did two hundred and fifty years ago,
know not the struggle that is beyond. At this very moment of time there are Miles Standishes,
under the cover of the snow of the Rocky Mountains, doing just what your forefathers did two
hundred and fifty years ago. They have the same hard struggle before them that your fathers
had. You remember they commenced in New England by building log cabins and fences and tilling
the sterile, stony, soil, which Mr. Beecher describes, and I believe these have been largely
instrumental in the development of the New England character. Had your ancestors been cast
on the fertile shores of the lower Mississippi, you might not be the same vigorous men you
are to-day. Your fathers had to toil and labor. That was a good thing for you, and it will
be good for your children if you can only keep them in the same tracks. But here in New York
and in Brooklyn, I do not think you now are exactly like your forefathers, but I can take you
where you will see real live Yankees, very much the same as your fathers were. In New York
with wealth and station, and everything that makes life pleasant, you are not the same persons
physically, though you profess the same principles, yet as prudent men, you employ more policemen
in New York--a larger proportion to the inhabitants of your city than the whole army of the
United States bears to the people of the United States. You have no Indians here, though you
have "scalpers." [Applause and laughter.] You have no "road-agents" here, and yet you keep
your police; and so does our Government keep a police force where there are real Indians and
real road-agents, and you, gentlemen, who sit here at this table to-night who have contributed
of your means whereby railroads have been built across the continent, know well that this little
army, which I represent here to-night, is at this moment guarding these great roadways against
incursions of desperate men who would stop the cars and interfere with the mails and travel,
which would paralyze the trade and commerce of the whole civilized world, that now passes safely
over the great Pacific road, leading to San Francisco.
