Now that I am managing the establishment, I can see how much work he has done. 

Rita: Yes, he was great. 

Friedrich: In every respect! He was able to excell at business despite his advanced age.

Rita: He is still capable

Friedrich: After his wife died, he worked unceasingly until the business was well established. Only then was he able to turn it over to a younger entrepreneur, and return to his life.
He believed he had found his zest for life return when he met you.

Rita(meekly): Well-

Friedrich: I should have been strong enough to stand up to my father, and claim you for myself. But alas, I could not.

Rita: NO!

Friedrich(sobs): I have no future!

Rita: No!

Friedrich: The loyalty I felt for my father bade me to stand by and stifle my love for you. I pushed you away from me.

Rita: I remember how formal you became. 

Friedrich: I thought-

(The waitress arives with coffee)

Rita: Have a cup with me.

Friedrich(thoughtlessly): I thought--(corecting himself) forgive me. 

Rita: I hope it will not bother you if I drink my coffee while you finish.

Friedrich(embarrassed): I had hopes that my distance attitude might reveal your desire for me.

Rita(jumps up nervously and begins to pace): You lie! You already knew that. (steps in front of him) Why else would I kiss you!

Friedrich(rises): I always--

Rita(laughs): You are funny. Still the same shy boy- who would not dare to-(sits down) funny.

Friedrich: There is so much that I want to tell you.

Rita: Whats left to say?

Freidrich: Why did you leave so suddenly?

Rita: Don't you know?

Freidrich: Of course I do. But it is so hard to do that.

Rita: Not more than was in me.

Freidrich: I confess I felt relieved after you had left.

Rita: Than that was your heroism.

Freidrich: When I think of what you and my father--

Rita: Do not think of it!

Freidrich: I missed you, but not as much as your parents did. Finding out that their only child had left them practically destroyed them. Your mother never leaves the house and your father has taken to the drink.

Rita: Did my father send you?

Freidrich: No of course not!

Rita: I would ask you to leave.

Freidrich: Rita!

Rita: Forget it! Times were bad then, but the house of Hattenbach has been returned to its former glory.
And Rudolstadt still stands on the same spot-that is the main thing. Please let us change the subject. I implore you.
