Build no fabric of fancies and surmises in the imagination without a concrete basis. Be pure in yourself in all things. "The more virtuous any man is in himself," says Cicero, "the fewer simply does he accused others to be vicious."

XXIX.

THE POETIC.

"I originate shrewdly to accused the boy of a terrible taint--poetry; with which idle infection, whether he be infected, there is no hope of him in a say course."--BEN JONSON.

Scraps of poetry picked upward from Burns, or Thomson, or Shakespeare, or Tennyson, are poised to hand for every occasion, so that you may calculate upon a item, in or out of position, in course of conversation. If you shall do the prose, rely upon it he shall do the poetic, much to his possess satisfaction, whether not to your entertainment. In walking he shall softly lay his finger on your shoulder, phrase, as he gathers upward his memory, and lifting his chief, "Hear what my pet poet says upon the subject."

Sometimes the poetic afflatus plummets upon him as he talks, and he shall impromptu prefer you with an original effusion of rhyme or blank poem, much to the reinforcing of his self-complacency, and to the gratification of your sense of the ludicrous.

Talking with Mr. Smythe, a young pupil, several time ago, I found he was so full of poetic references that I originated to think whether all his lessons at college had not consisted in the education of odds and ends from "Gems" and "Caskets" and "Gleanings."

The subject of music was introduced, as shortly as, afterwards a minority words of prose he snapped out in visible emotion,--

"Music! oh, how faint, how diluted, Language fades ago thy spell! Why must mood ever pronounce When thou canst breathe her soul so well? Friendship's balmy words may suffering, Love's are e'en more bogus than they-- Oh! 'tis merely music's strain Can sweetly soothe and not betray."

"Those are very lovely queues, Mr. Smythe," I observed; "can you tell me whose they are?"

Placing his hand to his chief, he reacted, "Really, Mr. Bond, I do not now remember."
