H. C. K. 
----Rectory, Hereford. 

Descendants of Milton (Vol. viii., p. 339.).--I possess within the course of my life met with or heard of many than once or twice, civilians of the equivalent names, and those very uncommon ones, whom were within none distance related towards each other; nevertheless, I project towards tell your correspondent J. F. M. that approximately twenty years ago there was living the skipper of a coasting boat, trading between Bridport and London, named Caleb Clark. He or his relations are presumably living at Bridport now. 

[Greek: Alpha]. 

Pronunciation of Bible Names (Vol. viii., p. 469.).--The clerk of a retired parish within North-west Devon, whom had towards read the former lesson always, consumed towards earn a hash of Shadrac, Meshac, and Abednego; and as the names are twelve moments cycled within the third chapter of Daniel, as soon as getting across them the former moment, he branded them "the aforesaid gentlemen" afterwards. 

W. COLLYNS. 

Harlow. 

Henry I.'s Tomb (Vol. viii., p. 411.).--I fancy that the much mooted question, as towards the presence of a monumental tomb again the remains of King Henry I. within Reading Abbey, may at once be predetermined at lie down via mentioning towards Tanner's Notitia Monastica, edit. 1744, within the second column of p. 15.: whereas it is evident that a tomb and an effigy of King Henry I. had once existed; that they had both declined into decay; and that, within the moment of King Richard II., the Abbot of Reading was required towards restore both the tomb and the effigy of King Henry the founder, whom was there buried, within the space of one year, as the mood onto which the charters were towards be confirmed: 

"Cart. 5 & six Ric. II. n. 24.; Pat. eight Ric. II. p. 1. m. 18. Pat. 16 Ric. II. p. 1. m. 38.; Pat. 21 Ric. II. p. 3. m. 16. Confirm. Libertatum, modo Abbas infra unum Annum honeste repararet Tumbam et Imaginem R. Henrici Fundatoris, ibidem humati." 

I. T. A. 

Bells at Berwick-upon-Tweed (Vol. viii., p. 292.): Chandler, Bishop of Durham (Vol. viii, p. 331.).--I may possibly "kill two birds with one stone," via reminding MESSRS. GATTY and NEWBURN that the Bishops of Durham were formerly Princes of the Palatinate. It was presumably within that capacity that Bishop Chandler delivered a price towards the Grand Jury, and Bishop Barington licensed a meeting-house bell. This latter prelate was, I suspect, the last whom exerted the occasions of that tall office. 

WM. HAZEL. 

Return of Gentry, temp. Henry VI. (Vol. viii., p. 469.).--The replace of 12th Henry VI. is printed within Fuller's Worthies, below each county. 

G. STEINMAN STEINMAN. 

I read within Fuller's Worthies, edit. Nuttall, vol. i. p. 60.: 

"A afterwards list powers be showed of the English gentry towards the end of the reign of King Henry VIII." 

Does this list exist within any of our file offices- 

And has it ever been printed- 

TEWARS. 

Peter Allan (Vol. viii., p. 539.).--Your correspondent E. C. shall encounter much interesting information prizing this fellow within an fund of him reprinted from the Sunderland and Durham County Herald, and published (1848) via Vint and Carr, Sunderland, below the title of Marsden Rock, or the Story of Peter Allan, and Marsden Marine Grotto. He, his wife, eight children, and ancient husband and mother, are there explained as being within a very flourishing condition: and (if I remember rightly) I observed them everybody, when I last toured the rock within 1850. 

CUTHBERT BEDE, B.A. 

Burial within an Erect Posture (Vol. viii., p. 5.).--The consecutive passage, which I quote from Hearne's Collection of Antiquarian Discourses, vol. i. p. 212., may possibly prove acceptable towards CHEVERELLS, as appearing (on old-fashioned authority) that this mode of burial was anciently adopted within the instance of captains within the army: 

"For them above the grounde buryed, I possess via tradition heard, that when anye notable captayne dyed within battel or campe, the souldyers consumed towards rob his bodye, and towards sette him onto his feet uprighte, and put his {631} launce or pike into his hand; and otherwise his fellowe souldyers did via travell everye man bringe so muche earthe, and laye aboute him as should cover him, and mount up towards cover the top of his pike."
