The downfall of the Tories and the degradation of Prior began on August 1, 1714. Although he had been summoned he could not return because the debts that he had gotten into and could not pay back by March notwithstanding the fact that his old friend Montague was now the head of the Treasury. However he was summoned on 25th March by a warrant but was forced to live in his own house under the custody of the messenger until he had been examined and cleared by a committee of the Privy Council whose chairman was Mr. Walpole and Lord Coningsby,  Mr. Stanhope and Mr. Lachmere were the principal interrogators. 
The printed account of the interrogation is quite interesting and belies the overblown attitude of the committee members who had obviously been elevated due to recent authority. The account shows the committee members as asking unclear and sinister questions and writing down answers quite different from those that were given in reply to the questions. 
Prior confesses that he was overwhelmed by the members’ arrogance and he signed things he should not have signed. The oath was administered by Boscawe, a Middlesex Justice who wrote down attestation but on the wrong side of the paper!   Very cleverly they all  wanted to find some charge against him and asked him as to who was present when the preliminary papers were signed at Prior’s house.  But prior avoided answering the question by saying that he could not remember if the Earl of Oxford or the Duke of Shrewsbury was absent and thus perplexed the committee members because the answer did not provide  them with any accusation against either and failed to incriminate Prior.
 Prior comments if anything could be more preposterous than to ask him a question by answering which,  he would prove himself to be a traitor. And he says that he did right by not trusting their ‘solemn’ promise not to let anything he said incriminate him because only five hours later they breached their ‘solemn’ promise! However, Prior owned up to the fact that at that time he was present there and he leaves it to his friends to judge whether he was right or wrong in doing this.  
After Prior had signed the paper, the chairman  of the committee Walpole told him that the committee was not satisfied with his behavior nor could it make a favorable recommendation about the examination to the House of Commons and that the committee members now thought  that a harsher confinement was necessary to be made for Prior. Prior says that Boscawen the justice intervened here as the moralist and Conings played a very sympathetic Christian but both played their roles rather awkwardly.
Then the messenger in whose custody Prior was to be placed was called and harshly asked by Conings whether his house had bars and bolts. The messenger replied in the negative at which Conings was visibly angered and said to him that ‘the prisoner must be securely imprisoned for it was a matter of national importance  and the escape of the prisoner would have serious consequences for the custodian’.
Prior said this showed that they had already prepared their report and the examination was a farce and had been conducted merely to find proofs to support their allegations.
