Isn't that great? It fits so perfectly with the ideas of freedom of speech and freedom of thought.

You'll hear at least one proponent of evolution say that advocates of religious thought don't know anything about science. Others agree that science shouldn't be criticized, that house that is evolution can't be toppled by someone without sufficient knowledge. But couldn't we all just get along? Religious thinking might allow us to accept whatever nature has to teach us. As nature comes from the Creator, so to do the lessons of natural selection. We can learn from nature without accepting everything every scientist proposes, taking the best ideas and refusing the worst, gaining an understanding of our own duties from the concept of the survival of the fittest. Or can we? Do we really have that freedom of speech and freedom of thought, or have those broad concepts failed us?

Haeckel refers to single-celled organisms, suggesting that they are composed of just one basic building block, a liquid like the white of an egg. It's difficult to understand how all of the other components of life in the great multitudes of life on our planet were integrated into these single cells. This integration is an important part of evolutionary theory. But, because of our faith, we're unable to ask that question of him, or even to participate at all in the discussion. This man hasn't considered some very important and logical objections to his thinking, raising suspicions about all of his claims. Of course, whether or not what we want to say can reach his ears, we have a duty to make some noise on the subject because we support the liberal values, the basic freedoms of thought and speech.

We have to admit that there was nothing alive here once, that there is a point in the past when that changed. Where did the plethora of life we know today come from, and how did it all emerge? Haeckel preaches that it just appeared one day in the form of single-celled organisms that would go on to become other things. He suggests that this is the only realistic view of how it could have happened because complicated things must descend from simpler things and only simple things can just materialize.
