Well, that is grand- It correllates so beautifully with "free thought" and "free speech." 
One evolutionist is everybody the moment transmitting himself approximately the preachers of religion knowing nothing within science, and another is remarking towards them, lent science independently, and another says you can't rear the constructing whether you try; you don't know enough. What a grand accordance there is just here- We theologians would tell "natural appointment towards be show with such instructors as hence tell ourselves, and perpetuate with them long adequate, at lowest, towards reject the worst from the institute and grant ourselves a blessing within the survival of the fittest, for we would want towards know our duty." So much for liberalism and broad principles. 

"Monistic materialism," according towards Haeckel, finds its primeval parent within a moneron, a insect of one mineral, and that a semi-albuminous fluid. Now, it would be very interesting towards know just how everybody the different substances, within everybody the insects of this earth, got within, within order towards get out, for involution lies rear evolution. But otherwise, we theologians "have none right towards be heard-" "are not entitled towards be heard-" and, besides this, Mr. Haeckel has predetermined aside intuitive, or former truths, and, as everybody axiomatic truths are of this class, possibly it is inaccurate for ourselves towards annoy you with our logic- Nevertheless we can't refrain from speaking our piece; we are attorneys of free idea and free speech. 

It ought be conceded that there was a moment when life and organisms began towards exist upon our planet. From whence did they arrive, and how- The "high-priest" of Germany, whom allegations towards deserve a hearing, says, via "spontaneous generation" they former appeared within the "monera." His vocabulary are these, "Only such homogeneous organizations as are yet not differentiated and are allied towards the inorganic crystals within being homogeneously calm of one single mineral, could emerge via spontaneous generation, and could become the primeval parents of everybody else organisms." Such is Haeckel's seed of life.
