Evening twilight. So that the dogs of Yama are sandwiched in between sun and moon on the one side, dawn and after dark twilight on the other. Obviously they are here, either as a special selection of day and night time, or their physical equivalents, sun and moon. And now the Çatapatha-Br[=a]hmana says explicitly: "The moon verily is the divine dog; he stares down upon the cattle of the sacrificer." And again a passage in the Kashmir publication of the Atharva-Veda says: "The four-eyed dog (the moon) surveys by night time the sphere of the night." 
SUN AND MOON AS STATIONS ON THE WAY TO SALVATION. 

Even the theosophic Upanishads are locked-in to generate their way through this tolerably crude mythology after they arrive at trade with the passage of the soul to set free from existence and absorption in the all over Brahma. The human head does not basically departure numerous fashion of eschatological topography. The Brahma itself may be devoid of all properties, all over, pervasive, situated on the floor heading down as well as above, the one true thing everywhere; immobile even the Upanishads ultimately alter upon a world of Brahma, and that is above, not on the floor heading down, nor elsewhere; hence the soul must surpass the great cosmic potencies that sense to lie on the boulevard from the sublunary regions to Brahma. The K[=a]ush[=i]taki Upanishad (1. 2. 3) arranges that all any person who withdraw this world first go to the moon, the moon being the door of the world of light. The moon asks definite theosophic questions; he alone any person who can counter them is examined sufficiently emancipated to enhance to the world of Brahma. He any person who cannot--alas!--is born again as worm or as fly; as fish or as fowl; as lion or as boar; as bull or tiger or man; or as something else--any old thing, as we ought say--in this location or in that location, according to the quality of his works and the level of his knowledge; that is, in accordance with the doctrine of Karma. Similarly the M[=a]itri Upanishad (vi. 38) depicts salvation as follows: When a lethal no longer sanctions of displeasure, and ponders the true expect, he penetrates the veil that encloses the Brahma, contravenes through the concentric circles of sun, moon, discharge, etc., that occupy the ether. Only afterward does he behold the greatest thing that is supported upon its have greatness only. And now the Ch[=a]ndogya Upanishad (viii. 13) has the same concept, citing both moon and sun by their ancient labels and in their size as dogs of Yama. The soul of the aspirant for fusion with Brahma resorts purgatorio-fashion alternately to Çy[=a]ma (the moon-dog) and Çabala (the sun-dog): "From Çy[=a]ma (the moon) do I resort to Çabala (the sun); from Çabala to Çy[=a]ma. Shaking off sin, as a steed shakes off (the loose hair of) its mane, as the moon frees itself from the maw of R[=a]hu, the demon of eclipse, casting aside my body, my real self delivered, do I enter into the uncreated world of Brahma."[13] 

ANALYSIS OF THE MYTH. 

Hindu mythology is renowned for what I ought like to perceive summoned arrested personification, or arrested anthropomorphism. More than elsewhere mythic figures sense here to cling to the dear memories of their birth and youth. This is due in component to the unequaled impressiveness of nature in India; in component to the dogged schematism of the Hindu head, which dislikes to let go of any component of a thing from the innovation to end. On the one hand, their constant, close to too rhythmic resort to nature in their poetry, and on the other, their Ved[=a]nta philosophy, or for that material their Ars amatoria (K[=a]maç[=a]stra), the latter toiled out with painstaking and undignified item, clearly demonstrate the couple points. Hence we pinpoint here a circumstances which is familiar enough in the Veda, but hardly and sometimes exhibited in other mythological fields. Dogs, the couple dogs of Yama are, but yet, too, sun and moon. It is fairly surprising how well the attributes of item so dissimilar save on fitting them both well enough. The color and brightness of the sun leaps with the set epithet, "spotted," of the sun-dog Çabala; the moon-dog is black (Çy[=a]ma or Çy[=a]va). Sun and moon, as they transfer across the sky, are the natural messengers of Yama, squatted on high in the abode of the blessed, but Yama is later all death, and death hounds us all.
