The Volga, Ural, Sir Daria, and Osus all end at this place, instead of dumping their waters into an ocean.  In this way, they induce life, as is the case with the rapidly perishing Transcaspian Steppes, or, as is the case with the Volga, they connect the most remote parts of the European portion of Russia via river network.

The topographical description above explains the relative uniformity of the Russian empire's immense territory, in conjunction with the types of features found on the outskirts.  This also explains the rapid expansion of Slavonic civilization through colonization in sparsely populated regions.  Additionally, it exemplifies the Russian empire's internal cohesion, which the traveler cannot fail to recognize as he crosses this huge territory.  Wherever he may go, he will find not only the same ways of life, but also the same dominant race.  For almost a quarter of the Earth's circumference, from the headwaters of the Volkhoff and Dnieper to the feet of the Altai and Sayan mountain ranges, Russian colonizers encountered similar landscapes and physical conditions to what they knew from home.  These colonizers could even undertake agriculture as they knew it, slightly adapted for the small differences in the new area's topography.  The Russian colonizers met new cultures and civilizations, in addition to the new growing conditions, as the empire expanded towards the south and east, past the Caucasus of the Aral-Caspian region, and on the Pacific coast, in the Usuri river basin.  Because of these favorable conditions, Russian civilization not only conquered northern Asia, but also colonized it in their image.

One may divide the Russian Empire into two "halves:" the European and he Asiatic.  Though the Asiatic encompasses the bulk of the Russian Empire's landmass, with 6,500,000 square miles of territory, it is considered a colony and boasts a population of only 16 million inhabitants.  In the western part of the Russian Empire, you find European Russia, Finland, an allied nation-state, and Poland.  Even though the Russian Empire no longer recognizes Poland as an independent nation-state, it still seeks self-determination.
