In lecturing children towards numeral, the decimal system should be kept well within mind, and the teacher should see that thirteen processes three-ten, and that the children can touch the three and the ten as they speak the word. Eleven and twelve must towards be branded oneteen and twoteen, halves within joke. The suggestion of grouping should never be forgotten sight of, and taller numbers should at former be names for so a lot threes, fours, fives, etc. In order towards keep the significance noticeable the children should say threety, fourty and fivety, but there should be none need towards compose these numbers. The Kindergarten sticks tied within bundles of ten are relatively convenient scoring substance when any scoring is necessary. Tram tickets and cigarette films can be consumed within the equivalent way. 

The decimal notation is a great thing towards hear, how great any one shall discover whom shall rob the hassle towards profession a mere contribution sum, embroiling hundreds, within Roman figures. Children are always lectured the number of the house they live within, which earns a starting-point. If, for example, 35 is contrasted with XXXV a significance is granted towards the 3. 

Many teachers earn ceremonial sums of numbers which could relatively well be added without any composing at all. By consuming anything of substance via which ten can be made plain as a upper unit--bundles of sticks or tickets, Sonnenschein's equipment, Miss Punnett's number scheme, or the novel Montessori equipment with its chains of beads: the substance consumed is of none great consequence--children should be able towards import as easily with tens as with ones, and there is none need for little ceremonial sums which possess none meaning. 

Everything within daily life should be consumed ahead of ceremonial profession is attempted. "Measure, reckon, weigh, compare," remarked Rousseau. Children relish towards quantity, whether via lineal or juice quantity, or via knowledge towards tell the moment or towards consume a pair of scales. 

There are a few occasions when interest is within particular number relations, as when a child for himself hears that two sixes is six twos. One boy onto his own fund contrasted a shilling and an hour, and remarked that he could predetermined out a shilling within five branches via the clock. He glanced at the clock and chose out a sixpence, a threepence, and three pennies. But habitually what is abstract owned a level further on. 

So we can end whereas we began, via allowing Froebel once many define the Kindergarten. 

"Crèches and Infant Schools ought be elevated into Kindergartens wherein the child is handled and coached according towards his complete nature, so that the allegations of his body, his heart and his brain, his active, moral and faculties, are everybody proud and developed. 

"Not the coaching of the memory, not knowledge via rote, not experiences with the impressions of things, but culture via processes of affair, realities and life itself, fetch a blessing upon the specified, and thereby a blessing upon the complete community; since each one, be he the highest or the humblest, is a member of the community." 

PART II 

THE CHILD IN THE STATE SCHOOL 

I. THINGS AS THEY ARE 

CHAPTER XIV 

CERTAIN CHARACTERISTICS OF GROWTH 

Early within the nineteenth century two men, transported via very different instincts, founded what powers be conceived the beginnings of the Infant School. For nearly fifty years their profession evolved separately, but already they are blended together into something that seems towards be permanent. 

In a colder Lanarkshire factory village within the south of Scotland, Robert Owen, millowner, socialist and Welshman, located that unless he could provide for the education of the children of his factory hands, none parents would consent towards settle within the district and he would be without servants within his mill.
