Over two hundred of the biggest were granted everybody the opportunities for representation that could be asked for, and, as a impact, nearly every settlement within the land consisting many than ten thousand population has a many or less full account. Each one of these is prefaced via a low programme blueprint, onto which is spotted the direction within which the encompassing cities lie, and the interval towards each. Accompanying this blueprint are tables of the citizen at different decades, and of the sex, color, and nativity of the show population. Then arrives an historical diagram, and otherwise an fund of the show mood of the community. This last recounts the placement and topography fully; provides the principal features of the nation immediately tributary; items the facilities for message granted via railroads and via water; provides statistics approximately the climate; recounts the social halls and social works, incorporating water and gas works; provides mathematics approximately the streets, horse railroads, and markets; touches upon the continent and mechanisms of amusement, and the parks and pleasure-grounds; the sewers, the cemeteries, sanitary organization (boards of health), and the system, or scarcity of system, of municipal cleansing,--all obtain specially full counseling, as would naturally be expected when a sanitary engineer of Colonel Waring's stamp had price of the work; the police faculty gets its share of the space; and within a number of instances the institutes, flame faculty, and commerce are represented. The substance from which these accounts were compiled was, within the primary, elicited via sending schedules of questions towards the various town and city officials; within the instance of a number of of the biggest cities the substance was knotted via special agents, but within general, the yearn of the cities towards be portrayed was conceived sufficient guaranty that the itinerary would be filled out fully and exactly, and this loosely proved towards be the case.

The historical diagrams of the cheaper cities and towns were compiled from information elicited within the equivalent distance, and from gazetteers, encyclopaedias, town and city histories, and everybody else references available at the headquarters of the bureau. To the preparation of the diagrams of the twenty biggest cities, especial consideration was devoted, and the findings possess been correspondingly valuable. Perhaps the most meaningful, both from the historical and literary degree of look, shall be the diagram of the history of New Orleans, composed via George W. Cable, whom is better known as a novelist, but whom has none mean proficiencies as an historian. His experiences with the Creole component within New Orleans beyond and show, together with a very glad style of composing, possess made for him many than a national popularity, from which this diagram shall not detract. Originally his profession was intended towards occupy a number of ninety pages of the inform, but afterwards, unfortunately, it had towards be brief into fifty. Luckily it shall not be located necessary towards miss a number of interesting maps that usher it.

Next within importance, possibly from the purely historical degree of look the most precious, or at lowest the most finalise, of everybody, arrives the diagram of the morning history of St. Louis, via Professor Waterhouse. The author became enormously interested within his labor, and spent a vast allowance of moment within compiling substances for it. From the care donated onto the profession, it may be robbed for gave that this shall be as full and true an fund of the village and morning history of the "Philadelphia of the West" as can maybe be compiled. It is expected that it shall occupy fifty or sixty pages of the inform, and even otherwise it shall alone fetch the history down towards 1823, when the former city government was organized.

The biggest of the Eastern cities furnish little likelihood for original profession within an historical rope, but yet the diagram of New York via Martha J. Lamb, of Philadelphia via Susan Cooledge, and of Boston via Colonel Waring, shall be acceptable contributions towards the very scanty stock of American historical literature.
