At this point in history, most of the areas in which the population was concentrated (over 10,000 individuals in more than 200 population centers) received more than adequate political representation, as documented at the time. The exceptionally detailed documentation includes not only the tentative expansion vectors for each area but also zone descriptions including the length of routes to and from each center, along with lists of the inhabitants (divided into ten year sections) showing gender, race, and birth locations for past and contemporary residents. In addition, the documentation includes narrative-style reports of the historical events for these areas, topological treatments of the geography with rivers and sources of potable water, records of the weather, descriptions of infrastructure for most essential and non-essential services, and so on. It is possible to look up the best place to buy a horse or to be buried, consult the train timetables, and find out about local zoning and regulations in each area.

The level of details present in the records attests to the hard work of civil engineers, business leaders, public leaders, including politicians, law enforcement, and public safety personnel, tax collectors, food vendors, and, in particular, those responsible for public sanitation, which was all the rage and an important part of civic growth, health, and vibrancy. And, of course, blessed are the most of attentive of the map makers, for the history they detail will long be remembered. In the largest zones with the most difficult to track populations, civil servants were responsible for special investigations resulting in this much needed data -- and those are probably the most exhaustive records available. In other areas, this information was compiled locally from periodicals and by cyclopedists, historians, or defacto journalists. People are perhaps most interested in reading about famous cities such as St. Louis and New Orleans, and there are detailed monographs describing both of those by the likes of GW Cable, who understood the complex mixture of French, African, and American culture in "The Big Easy", and author/historian Waterhouse, who had the same relationship with the rich history of "The Gateway to the West"/"Mound City". People are also not famous for liking to read a lot, so some of these accounts exist is abridged forms, something that lovers of the unabridged originals may lament. Note, though, that these official stories do not always go back much further than the foundation of the cities they describe, and reference to additional documents may be necessary to truly understand the settlement or prehistory of a given place.

It was relatively common to hear the misguided complaint that 'America has no literature' or 'America has no history', as a result of the comparative newness of the "new world" when framed against the long history of the "old." Even so, there are enough histories of many places, including cities in the original colonies, so detailed and comprehensive that it is difficult to imagine writing anything new about those time periods in those places without being entirely derivative. Consider, as examples, Waring's history of Boston "Beantown" Massachusetts, or MJ Lamb's writings on "The Big Apple" that is the eponymous city in the state of New York, and even S. Cooledge's consideration of "The City of Brotherly Love" named in an earlier paragraph.
