Over two hundred of the largest were given all the opportunities for representation
that could be asked for, and, as a consequence, nearly every community in the land containing
more than ten thousand inhabitants has a more or less full account. Each one of these is prefaced
by a small outline plan, on which is marked the direction in which the surrounding cities lie,
and the distance to each. Accompanying this plan are tables of the population at different
decades, and of the sex, color, and nativity of the present population. Then comes an historical
sketch, and then an account of the present condition of the community. This last describes
the location and topography fully; gives the principal features of the country immediately
tributary; details the facilities for communication given by railroads and by water; gives
statistics about the climate; describes the public buildings and public works, including water
and gas works; gives figures about the streets, horse railroads, and markets; touches upon
the places and methods of amusement, and the parks and pleasure-grounds; the sewers, the cemeteries,
sanitary organization (boards of health), and the system, or lack of system, of municipal cleansing,--all
receive especially full treatment, as would naturally be expected when a sanitary engineer
of Colonel Waring's stamp had charge of the work; the police department gets its share of the
space; and in some cases the schools, fire department, and commerce are represented. The material
from which these accounts were compiled was, in the main, obtained by sending schedules of
questions to the various town and city officials; in the case of some of the largest cities
the material was secured by special agents, but in general, the desire of the cities to be
represented was considered sufficient guaranty that the schedule would be filled out fully
and accurately, and this generally proved to be the case.

The historical sketches of the smaller cities and towns were compiled from information obtained
in the same way, and from gazetteers, encyclopaedias, town and city histories, and all other
sources available at the headquarters of the bureau. To the preparation of the sketches of
the twenty largest cities, especial attention was devoted, and the results have been correspondingly
valuable. Perhaps the most important, both from the historical and literary point of view,
will be the sketch of the history of New Orleans, written by George W. Cable, who is better
known as a novelist, but who has no mean abilities as an historian. His familiarity with the
Creole element in New Orleans past and present, together with a very happy style of writing,
have made for him more than a national reputation, from which this sketch will not detract.
Originally his work was intended to occupy some ninety pages of the report, but later, unfortunately,
it had to be condensed into fifty. Luckily it will not be found necessary to omit a number
of interesting maps that accompany it.

Next in value, perhaps from the purely historical point of view the most valuable, or at least
the most complete, of all, comes the sketch of the early history of St. Louis, by Professor
Waterhouse. The author became greatly interested in his task, and spent a vast amount of time
in collecting materials for it. From the care bestowed on the work, it may be taken for granted
that this will be as full and accurate an account of the settlement and early history of the
"Philadelphia of the West" as can possibly be compiled. It is expected that it will occupy
fifty or sixty pages of the report, and even then it will only bring the history down to 1823,
when the first city government was organized.

The largest of the Eastern cities furnish little chance for original work in an historical
line, but yet the sketch of New York by Martha J. Lamb, of Philadelphia by Susan Cooledge,
and of Boston by Colonel Waring, will be acceptable additions to the very scanty stock of American
historical literature.
