The Grecians borrowed many laws from the Hebrews. They had their harvest vintage festival;
the presentation of the best of their flocks; the offering of their first fruits, and the portion
prescribed to their priests; the law against garments of divers colors; protection from violence
to the man who fled to their altars; the law prohibiting all from the altar who had touched
a dead body or any other impurity; the law prohibiting from the priesthood all those having
blemishes upon their persons. All these laws, found in the Athenian code, had their origin
with the laws of the Hebrews—were taken from Moses.

During the reign of Artaxerxes Longimanus, who was the brother of Darius, and who ascended
the throne of the kingdom of Persia in the year 465 before Christ, the Jews were scattered
all over the kingdom of Persia, and their laws were the subject of conversation and notoriety.
Haman speaks of them to the king as differing from the laws of all other people.

The oldest and most noted legislators and wise men took their laws from the law of Moses. The
Egyptians and the Phœnicians borrowed from the Jewish laws. Ancient and modern writers affirm
that the individuals commissioned by the Senate and tribune under Justinian to form the “Twelve
Tables” were directed to examine the laws of Athens and the Grecian cities. This took them
at once to the consideration of many of the laws of Moses. Zell, in his Encyclopedia, says:
The glory of Justinian’s reign is the famous digest of the Roman law, known generally as the
Justinian code, which was compiled out of the Gregorian, Theodorian and Hermogenian codes,
by ten of the ablest lawyers of the empire, under the guiding genius of the Jurisconsult Tribonian.
Their labors consisted, first, of the “Statute Law.” Second, The “Pandects,” a digest of the
decisions and opinions of former magistrates and lawyers. These two compilations consisted
of matter that lay scattered through more than two thousand volumes, now reduced to fifty.
Third, The “Institutes,” an abridgement in four books, containing the substance of all the
laws in the elementary form. Fourth, The laws of modern date, including Justinian’s own edicts,
collected into one volume and called the “New Code.”

The word “Pandects” is a term of great importance in the investigation of the origin of the
Roman laws; it points directly and certainly to the fact that the Roman laws, known as the
Pandects, were gathered from all laws, for such is the import of the term itself when it is
associated with the term laws. Moreover, it is a Greek term, showing at once that the Grecian
laws contributed largely to the Pandects of the Roman laws.
