Despite that, with every failure, he said he was closing in on the solution.  At long last, and after many gut-wrenching experiences, a commercially valuable solution finally arrived, even if the problem was not yet fully reconciled.

The years he spent toiling and denying himself luxuries were nearing a successful end, but he discovered that he was about to begin yet another extended period of desperate and discouraging work.  Scraping together the funds necessary for securing a patent proved troublesome.  He would need more money for his inventions completion and perfection.  Therefore, using his model, he approached anyone and everyone who could possibly provide encouragement and financial backing, including engine manufacturers, manufacturers that use engines, steamboat and railroad companies, and electric and power companies.  Not only was his family sustaining on only small rations, he himself had not eaten well for years.  Over and over, potential investors stated the same hesitations: "Yes, your proposition looks good, but it is a question of practicality.  Considering the best minds in the world have been working on this problem, and have yet to find a viable solution, leads me to believe a solution will never be found.  Even if you are close to an answer, you have yet to find it, and because of that, we cannot invest in your proposed solution."

REAPING HIS REWARD

Even though T. debated, pleaded, and demanded an audience to demonstrate his solution, his efforts were in vain.  That is, until one day, an attorney T. had consulted said, "I am not in a financial position to invest in anything or anyone but myself, but, to be perfectly honest and frank, I feel your solution is viable.  Mr. J, from the T. & B. Company, and I are on good terms with one another.  This problem has interested him for quite some time, and he, too, has been working on a solution for years.  He is fully versed in every phase of this problem and its solution, and I believe can find a use for your device.  I could be wrong, but I have a strong feeling that Mr. J will let you present your device to him.  If your demonstration will go as smoothly as you assert it will, Mr. J has the position to give you an opportunity to perfect it, if it is, in fact, perfectible.  I will give you a letter you can use to introduce yourself to him.  This represented the end of T.'s struggle and the beginning of his prosperity, as evident by his beautiful residence located on a wide boulevard.  His invention is highly valuable and slowly coming ino use, even if he has yet to perfect it.  Were he not perpetually working on, perfecting, improving, and striving to find a final and complete solution to the problem, T.'s invention likely would be experiencing extremely widespread use.

CHAPTER VIII

THE IMPRACTICAL MAN

Sydney Williams wrote us, saying, "My life is a failure, and I do not know why.

In his middle life, my grandfather Williams decided to study to enter the ministry, and therefore moved his family across the Potomac River from Virginia.  He must have been a planter, since it is said he freed some slaves.  Grandfather Williams eventually became a Congregational minister.  As for my Grandfather Jacobs, though paralyzed on one side before my birth and an invalid for most of my life, at one time was a carpenter.

My father became a minister after his college graduation.  After preaching for years, he began working with a publishing house that specializes in religious works.  He, at last, was in charge of the work at St. Paul.  I believe it was there that he won an election, making him the president of a small girls' school.  He began serving the school in June, and the following November, I was born.  There are five girls and three boys still living, and three boys died as infants before I was born.  I am the youngest of eleven children.  

We resided at the girls' school until I was almost twelve years old.  My father was successful in enlarging the school considerably.
