No gurus at that time ordered her to comply, serve, or shut up and live in sadness; in fact, the opposite is more true, because it was a time for rebellion. And that was exactly what she found it in her heart to do, exactly what that era required: rebellion.

This was the time when Mme Dudevant escaped her marriage and dove into the deep end of the world of letters and writing as it existed then in the capital of France. It was the time soaks in liberal values of liberty, egality, and brotherhood -- words and phrases and sentiments that has already become suspicious because they were so common. Dudevant took her money and made her own new rules; actually, she was applying those same old rules to a new demographic, i.e. to the sex referred to as the fairer and also as the most dangerous: women. She disappears at this point in her life, leaving the allegedly effeminate work of sewing, quilting, and stiching, and reinventing herself as a cigar chomping wild woman in the Italian district. There were no shortage of other famous people in the place at the time, and other writers of the era include luminaries like Victor Hugo, Honoré de Balzac, and several more, like de Musset and Sainte-Beuve and the polymath Prosper Mérimée and Marie-Henri Beyle AKA 'Stendhal'. Dudevant passed among them in her masculine wool outfit including a male-style tie and big gray cap, proud of the fact she, in that get up, looked like freshman at the university there. Wearing boy's clothes made her feel free, and she freely chose for herself new family, friends, and lovers with whom she experienced the heights of emotional passion. These people may have been the most celebrated group of moths ever to cluster in the light of one particular candle. Her first coauthor, a sort of mentor, taught her to take life by the horns and to put away her old name and embrace a new one. That was, of course, J. Sandeau, of whose name her nom-de-plume is derivative. And there were others, like de Seze, Pagello, Euraed, the aforementioned Prosper Mérimée, Alfred de Musset (with whom she had a relationship that ended badly for both of them), and, of course, her composers, first Lizt and then Chopin, who may have been the love of her life and who she cared for almost 3000 days of illness. Also there were her teachers, like Leroux and Lamennais, and Charles Augustin Sainte-Beuve, who was like her priest, and also her sometime rival, Flaubert, with whom she argued in the last ten years of her life.

That's a highly abbreviated version of a very long story of love and complicated interconnections between people. So we'll also need to offer a boiled down version of her work and philosophy. The woman, who by this time was calling herself by the masculine name George with the surname Sand, after Sandeau, didn't really make her values clear during her Rousseau-inspired period, though his influence is there, with life being defined as the space in which ultimate and infinite growth and change might come to be. Similarly, literature, the world of letters, all of writing, was the space for unfettered expression of the self. She came to believe that a work of fiction such as a novel was not only a work of plot and conflict and a reference to the structure of other novels, but also a kind of poem or song, usually a love song because novels, most novels, the majority of novels, are, whether they intend to be or not, love-themed. It was okay, then, to put everything into a novel that one wanted to be there, including passion and idealized romance or grief and pain, and to handle these things urgently and intimately or from a detached perspective. The finished piece would either be great or it would be terrible, and that was just fine.

When she begins to hit her stride, sixty-nine years before the turn of the century, authoring the most musical and poetical of her works, her output resembled that of the English Romantic Poets. Percy Bysshe Shelley has, about a quarter century earlier, flourished during his the revolution against convention he shared with the women who would become his wife, Mary, and his intimate friends, Jane Clairmont and George Gordon (Lord Byron) -- all of whom had, by and large, read the same great canon of Gothic writing and liberal philosophical works of the prior century as George Sand herself, and each of whom expressed it in his or her own way, just as Sand herself would.
