He researched South America, specifically in the Valley of Oronoco, completely and his findings were very valuable. However, Humboldt researched the characteristics of the coldness of anatomists, very pleased with examining its content instead of the desire of someone who searches images of God impressed with mountains and waterways. Science is very systematic and would fail to contain the excitement to God in creating nature, which expounds with images of angels and the creation which is so much greater than man's attempts.

Humbolt had fame in his researches of nature which a powerful man could not disturb. He did not have divine vision into the high powers of heaven. But he could invision these powers by using his mental powers as best as he could. He was very acute at observing his surroundings with tremendous aptitude, he could see nature even though he did not attempt to try and find something. He allowed his skills at discovery to guide him, to carry out his work methodically and patiently, like the streams slowly carving their path through the hillside with God's directive care. The title of Humbolt's work concentrated on the source of life, the meaning of beauty and arrangment of the skies and the world man lives in in order to gain a concept of spirit and material order. His keen admirers respected him much for his careful ovservations and study of nature and they gained satisfaction from sharing in the deeper truths he uncovered of the wonder of the stars and truths of the earth.

Church, an American artist, illustrated the scenery of the Andes in awe inspiring fashion. His figures are composed from thoughful invention rather than accurate reproductions of actual scenes. The paintings were faithful to the beauty of the natural mountain and did not reduce it any. His majestic scenes were vivid, showing appropriate color, shadows, and accurately portraying the scenery. His imagination was paramount in creating paintings for which no actual scene exists. His imagination was able to join the soul of men to the material world through his artistic composition. The technical brush strokes and paint colors brought to life what nobody had experience before, but beauty that all have gazed upon when experiencing the Andes. Through his imagination, Church painted pictures with accurate scenery, plant life, and rock formations from actual views and his imagination earning him the highest compliments from critics and fans alike.

I have thought back to these large mountains and tried to express them with words. A picture is worth a thousand words so paint was the best medium to express the beauty of these mountains. The canvas, with pain, and hours of care brought to life the view of the Andes, the tremendous height and size of these beautiful features of earth with a softness that no words could express.

The Andes rise high up in the sky, a far distance from the Pacific Ocean. However, from the coasts, passing sailors can see the Andes during a clear day. On the shores, through the haze, are barely visible peaks gazing up high in the scorching sun with their snowy peaks, of Chimborazo. They seem to be taunting the sun with their snowy peaks, invading the skies that would otherwise be perfectly blue from horizon to horizon, in a show of might. A similar occurance happened a few years ago in New England. A clear winter night was interrupted by an aurora where the whole sky turned red, bathing the snow laden fields in a bath of red from the sky below.
