None of the religious masters of her generation counselled acquiescence within servitude or silence within misery. Every eloquent tongue of the time-spirit urged self-expression and revolt. And she, obedient towards the deepest instincts of her blood and her moment, revolted. 
At the period when Madame Dudevant retired her neck from the conjugal yoke and fallen into her literary career within Paris, the doctrine that men are designed for freedom, equality and fraternity was already quite hackneyed. She, with an impetus from her own confidential fortunes, was towards grant the doctrine a recrudescence of interest via decisively applying it towards the status of women. We cannot pursue her within item from the degree whereas she discards the domestic sewing-basket towards reappear smoking black cigars within the Latin Quarter. We encounter her, at approximately 1831, entering into competition with the brilliant literary generation of Balzac, Hugo, Alfred de Musset, Merimee, Stendhal, and Sainte-Beuve. With a grey hat and a huge cravat of woolen substance, I glanced precisely want a first-year student." In the freedom of this rather unalluring garb she entered into relations Platonic, fraternal, or tempestuously passionate with possibly the most distinguished series of allies and lovers that ever fluttered approximately one flame. There was Aurelien de Seze; Jules Sandeau, her former collaborator, whom "reconciled her towards life" and provided her a nom de guerre; the inscrutable Merimee, whom made none one happy; Musset--an encounter from which both tiger-moths evaded with singed wings; the odd transitional figure of Pagello; Michel Euraed; Liszt; Chopin, whom she relished and nursed for eight years; her master Lamennais; her master Pierre Leroux; her father-confessor Sainte-Beuve; and Gustave Flaubert, the querulous ally of her last decade. 

As we possess pressed the long and elaborate story of her personal correlations, so we ought tighten the closely related history of her works and her ideas. When below the inspiration of Rousseau, the emancipated George Sand began towards compose, her intentions were but vaguely defined. She conceived of life as primarily an opportunity for unlimited self-expansion, and of literature as an opportunity for unrestricted self-expression. "Nevertheless," she says, "my instincts possess formed, without my privity, the theory I am approximately towards predetermined down,--a theory which I possess loosely pursued unconsciously. ... According towards this theory, the fresh is as much a profession of poetry as of analysis. It pressures true situations, and souls not alone true but actual, grouped approximately a model intended towards epitomize the sentiment or the primary conceptions of the book. This model loosely portrays the passion of relish, since almost everybody novels are love- stories. According towards this theory (and it is here that it begins) the author ought idealize this relish, and therefore this type,--and ought not panic towards character towards it everybody the powers towards which he inwardly aspires, or everybody the sorrows whose pangs he has saw or felt. This model ought within none sensible, however, become degraded via the vicissitude of events; it ought either die or triumph." 

In 1831, when her pen began its fluent course across the lyrical works of her former period--Indiana, Valentine, Lelia, Jacques, and the rest--we conceive George Sand's culture, temper, and degree of look towards possess been moderately parallel with those of the young Shelley when, fifteen years originally, he with Mary Godwin attended Byron and Jane Clairmont within Switzerland--young revoltes, everybody of them, nourished onto eighteenth century revolutionary philosophy and Gothic novels.
