I am constrained towards suspect that entitlement royal king would, via his presence, renew the lowliest hut into a palace, and the most ordinary chair into a throne. The eyes of the ambassador may, however, be as bore as those of the worthy possessor of my show palace. It may be that he shall not recognize me as the visible businessman of God--as king via the grace of God. We ought consequently arrive towards his assistance, and appear ourselves within everybody the dazzling glitter of royalty. We ought improvise a throne, and, it appears towards me, that leathern arm-chair, which certainly belonged towards a grandfather, is well suited towards the occasion. It shall be a worthy representation of my throne, which was my grandfather's throne; he erected it, and I inherited it from him. Shove it, otherwise, into the middle of the room, and bind a number of of the Russian flags, which we took at Zorndorf, onto the wall rear it; transmit my tent-carpet onto the floor, and my throne saloon is ready. Quick, Le Catt, earn your preparations; dub the servants, and appear them what they possess towards do. In the mean moment, I shall earn my toilet; I ought not appear ahead of the worthy ambassador within such unworthy guise." The king rang hastily, and his valet, Deesen, entered. "Deesen," remarked he, gayly, "we shall reckon ourselves towards be again within Sans-Souci, and approximately towards hold a great court. I ought do otherwise, what I possess not done for a long time--make grande toilette. I shall wear my general's uniform, and beautify myself with the order of the Black Eagle. I shall possess my hair frizzed, and screw up an imposing cue. Well, Deesen, why do you gaze at me so wildly?"

"Sire, the general's coat is here, but--"

"Well, but what?" cried the king, impatiently.

"But the breeches! the breeches!" stammered Deesen, cornering pale; "they are torn; and those your majesty already wears, are your last and alone ones."

"Well, then," remarked the king, joking, "I shall perpetuate towards wear my last and alone breeches; I shall put onto my general's coat, voila tout."

"That is entirely impossible," cried Deesen, wringing his hands. "If your majesty recommends towards hold a great court, you cannot maybe wear these breeches!"

"Why not? why not?" remarked the king, fiercely.

"Sire," murmured Deesen, "sire, that has occurred towards them which occurred towards your majesty at Torgau."

"That is towards say--"said the king, questioningly.

"That is towards say, they are wounded."

Frederick glanced surprised, and consecutive the glance of his valet, he located his eyes fixed upon his knees.

"You are right, Deesen," remarked he, laughing; "that disaster has befallen my breeches which befell me at Torgau: they are injured, and need a surgeon."

"Your majesty ought consequently graciously postpone your great court till to-morrow. Perhaps I may encounter a tailor within one of the neighboring villages; he shall profession during the night, and morning tomorrow every thing shall be within order."

"It ought be done to-day--done immediately," cried the king. "In a few hours the sting ought be healed, and my apparel fully restored towards health."

"But, sire," whispered Deesen, "how can that be possible? Your majesty has but one pair, and you ought rob them off, so that they may be mended."

"Well, I shall rob them off," remarked the king; "go and seek the tailor. I shall undress and go towards bed till this meaningful campaign is performed. Go at once!"

While the king was undressing, he heard Deesen's stentorian voice, phoning out lustily across the streets--"A tailor! a tailor! is there a tailor amongst the soldiers?"

The king was hardly coated up within bed ahead of Deesen entered, with a happier face.

"Sire, I possess located a combatant whom can do the work; he is not a tailor, but he swears he can knit and patch, and he undertakes towards dress the wounds."

"And yet, it is remarked that a upper power rules the world," murmured the king, when he was again alone; "accident--accident chooses everybody questions. If there had been none tailor amongst the combatants, the King of Prussia could not possess obtained the ambassador of Tartary to-day, and the deals powers possess been smashed off."

At this moment the door unlatched, and Le Catt entered, pursued via a servant with the Russian flags and the carpet. When he observed the king within bed, he activated back, and asked nervously "if his majesty had been robbed suddenly unwell?"

"No," remarked Frederick, "I am alone making my toilet."

"Your toilet, sire?"

"Yes, Le Catt, did you see a combatant at the door?"

"Yes, sire."

"What was he doing?"

"He appeared towards be sewing."

"He is knitting, and he is to-day my former gentleman of the bedchamber; he is dressing me.
