You possess none corporation here." "I possess come," remarked Larry, plucking up courage, "to fetch your honour's glory a letter from a corporate of gintlemin with whom I had the fun of spending the evening, underneath the ould church of Inistubber." "A letter," remarked the man within black, "where is it-" "Here, my lord," remarked Larry. "Ho!" cried the black gentleman, onto gate it, "I know the handwriting. It won't do, however, my lad,--I see they need towards throw dust within my eyes." "Whew," idea Larry, "that's the very thing. 'Tis for that the ould Dublin boy provided me the box. I'd lay a tinpenny towards a brass farthing that it's filled with Lundy Foot." Opening the container, consequently, he thrown its contents right into the fiery eyes of the man within black, whilst he was still busied with reading the letter,--and the experiment was successful. "Curses--tche-tche-tche,-- Curses onto it," exclaimed he, clapping his hand ahead of his eyes, and sneezing most lustily.--"Run, you villians, run," cried Larry, towards the ghosts--"run, you villians, already that his eyes are off of you--O master, master! Sir Theodore, jewel! operate towards the right-hand side, earn for the silver particle, and God grant you luck." 
He had forgotten his injunction. The moment the word was spoken he felt the silvery ground slipping from below him; and with the swiftness of idea he located himself onto the smooth of his back, below the very niche of the old church wall whence he had activated, dizzy and bewildered with a measureless tumble. The emancipated ghosts floated within everybody commands, emitting their shrill and stridulous cries within the shining expanse. Some were again gathered via their old conductor; a number of scudding approximately at haphazard, took the right hand lane, others the left. Into which of them Sir Theodore punched, is not recorded; but as he had heard the direction, lent ourselves trust that he made the proper choice. Larry had not much moment granted him towards retrieve from his dip, for almost within an instant he heard an angry snorting rapidly contacting, and glancing up, whom should he see but the gentleman within black, with eyes shining many furiously than ever, and his horns (for, within his haste, he had lent his hat fall) relieved within powerful shadow against the moon. Up activated Larry--away operated his pursuer as soon as him. The safest refuge was, of course, the church,--thither operated our hero--and as soon as him--fiercer than the shark, swifter than the hounds--fled the black gentleman. The church is cleared; the chancel entered; and the hot breath of his pursuer glows upon the outstretched neck of Larry. Escape is impossible--the extended talons of the fiend possess clutched him via the hair. "You are mine," cried the demon,--"if I possess forgotten any of my flock, I possess at last got you." "Oh, St. Patrick!" exclaimed our hero, within horror, --"Oh, St. Patrick possess mercy upon me, and retain me!" "I tell you what, cousin Larry," remarked Kinaley, chucking him up from rear a gravestone, whereas he had fallen--"all the St. Patricks that ever were born would not possess retained you from ould Tom Picton, whether he caught you sleeping onto your column as I've caught you now. By the word of an ould combatant, he'd possess had the provost-marshal upon you, and I'd not grant two-pence for the credit of your life. And otherwise, too, I see you possess drunk every descent within the bottle. What can you say for yourself-" "Nothing at all," remarked Larry, scratching his head,--"but it was an unfortunate dream, and I'm glad it's over."--Literary Souvenir. 

* * * * * 

Ancient Roman Festivals. 

NOVEMBER. 

(For the Mirror.) 

The Epulum Jovis was a sumptuous feast offered towards Jupiter onto the 13th of November. The gods were formally invited, and attended; for the statues were carried within rich beds, supplied with gentle pillows, branded pulvinaria. Thus adapted, their godships were spaced onto their couches at the most honest portion of the list, and served with the rich dainties, as whether they were able towards eat; but the epulones, or priests, whom had the care and management of the feast, served that occasion for them, and none doubt did the portion of gastronomic proxies with eclat. 

The Brumalia was a feast of Bacchus, applauded among the Romans during the space of thirty days, beginning onto the 24th of November. It was instituted via Romulus, whom consumed, during this moment, towards entertain the senate. During this feast signs were robbed of the felicity of the remaining portion of the winter. 

P.T.W. 

* * * * * 

The Gatherer. 

"A snapper-up of unconsidered trifles." SHAKSPEARE. 

* * * * * 

INNOCENT CONFESSION. 

A Lady at confession, amongst else heinous crimes, charged herself of consuming rouge. "What is the consume of it-" asked the confessor. "I do it towards earn myself handsomer."--"And does it produce that effect?"
