You have no business here."
"I have come," said Larry, plucking up courage, "to bring your honour's glory a letter from
a company of gintlemin with whom I had the pleasure of spending the evening, underneath the
ould church of Inistubber." "A letter," said the man in black, "where is it?" "Here, my lord,"
said Larry. "Ho!" cried the black gentleman, on opening it, "I know the handwriting. It won't
do, however, my lad,--I see they want to throw dust in my eyes." "Whew," thought Larry, "that's
the very thing. 'Tis for that the ould Dublin boy gave me the box. I'd lay a tinpenny to a
brass farthing that it's filled with Lundy Foot." Opening the box, therefore, he flung its
contents right into the fiery eyes of the man in black, while he was still occupied with reading
the letter,--and the experiment was successful. "Curses--tche-tche-tche,-- Curses on it," exclaimed
he, clapping his hand before his eyes, and sneezing most lustily.--"Run, you villians, run,"
cried Larry, to the ghosts--"run, you villians, now that his eyes are off of you--O master,
master! Sir Theodore, jewel! run to the right-hand side, make for the bright speck, and God
give you luck."

He had forgotten his injunction. The moment the word was uttered he felt the silvery ground
sliding from under him; and with the swiftness of thought he found himself on the flat of his
back, under the very niche of the old church wall whence he had started, dizzy and confused
with a measureless tumble. The emancipated ghosts floated in all directions, emitting their
shrill and stridulous cries in the gleaming expanse. Some were again gathered by their old
conductor; some scudding about at random, took the right hand path, others the left. Into which
of them Sir Theodore struck, is not recorded; but as he had heard the direction, let us hope
that he made the proper choice. Larry had not much time given him to recover from his fall,
for almost in an instant he heard an angry snorting rapidly approaching, and looking up, whom
should he see but the gentleman in black, with eyes gleaming more furiously than ever, and
his horns (for, in his haste, he had let his hat fall) relieved in strong shadow against the
moon. Up started Larry--away ran his pursuer after him. The safest refuge was, of course, the
church,--thither ran our hero--and after him--fiercer than the shark, swifter than the hounds--fled
the black gentleman. The church is cleared; the chancel entered; and the hot breath of his
pursuer glows upon the outstretched neck of Larry. Escape is impossible--the extended talons
of the fiend have clutched him by the hair. "You are mine," cried the demon,--"if I have lost
any of my flock, I have at last got you." "Oh, St. Patrick!" exclaimed our hero, in horror,
--"Oh, St. Patrick have mercy upon me, and save me!" "I tell you what, cousin Larry," said
Kinaley, chucking him up from behind a gravestone, where he had fallen--"all the St. Patricks
that ever were born would not have saved you from ould Tom Picton, if he caught you sleeping
on your post as I've caught you now. By the word of an ould soldier, he'd have had the provost-marshal
upon you, and I'd not give two-pence for the loan of your life. And then, too, I see you have
drunk every drop in the bottle. What can you say for yourself?" "Nothing at all," said Larry,
scratching his head,--"but it was an unlucky dream, and I'm glad it's over."--Literary Souvenir.

       *       *       *       *       *

Ancient Roman Festivals.

NOVEMBER.

(For the Mirror.)

The Epulum Jovis was a sumptuous feast offered to Jupiter on the 13th of November. The gods
were formally invited, and attended; for the statues were brought in rich beds, furnished with
soft pillows, called pulvinaria. Thus accommodated, their godships were placed on their couches
at the most honourable part of the table, and served with the rich dainties, as if they were
able to eat; but the epulones, or ministers, who had the care and management of the feast,
performed that function for them, and no doubt did the part of gastronomic proxies with eclat.

The Brumalia was a feast of Bacchus, celebrated among the Romans during the space of thirty
days, commencing on the 24th of November. It was instituted by Romulus, who used, during this
time, to entertain the senate. During this feast indications were taken of the felicity of
the remaining part of the winter.

P.T.W.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Gatherer.

  "A snapper-up of unconsidered trifles."
SHAKSPEARE.

       *       *       *       *       *

INNOCENT CONFESSION.

A Lady at confession, amongst other heinous crimes, accused herself of using rouge. "What is
the use of it?" asked the confessor. "I do it to make myself handsomer."--"And does it produce
that effect?"
